Chapter 807: The Legend Of The Snake Deity (2)

He took a break.

Qin Luo quietly removed his mount and retrieved Xiaoxiao. He tiptoed like a ghost towards the village ahead.

That's right.

It was a village!

At the foot of the Snake God Mountain was a village that occupied an extremely large area. Although one could not see the entirety of the village, Qin Sheng could tell from this building that this place was like a village. Moreover, it was a village with a military defensive nature.

"Head-on charge?"

Nightmare was not as difficult as Abyss Mode. Nightmare still followed the rules of the game, but Abyss was either the real mode or infinitely close to the real mode.

What was the difference?

The difference was too great!

In short,

That was Nightmare Difficulty. He was still in the game dungeon!

The Abyss Mode was like a real experience!

In particular, the Abyss Mode of 100% True Battlefield was like the trial grounds of the Beginner's Village in the past. It completely erased the stats that represented the game's HP bar, Attack Power, Defense, and so on, replacing it was the degree of life, Attack Power, and so on. It was shown in grades (Silver Gold) and Star (Four-Star and Five-Star).

In other words.

The real battlefield was absolutely real!

In this mode, those who did not know how to swim could be drowned, those who did not avoid fire could be burned to ashes, and if one slashed down, they would not be unscathed but would only have their Health Points deducted. They would either have their hands cut off or their bodies split into two…

It was exactly like the real world!

Back then.

Qin Luo Sheng fought madly, killing the Wolf King, trapping the Bear King, driving the Tiger King and the Lion King to kill each other, using the Water Vein Spirit Pearl to flood the snake cave, and finally, chopping off the snake girl's head…

He had resorted to every means possible to achieve victory!

Now.

The scene appeared again.

For such a large village, or rather a tribe, it was rather difficult for them to charge in alone and exterminate it.

After all.

Once there was a commotion, the entire village would know. When the time came, they would attack together, two fists could not fight four hands!

Fortunately.

This was just a nightmare. There was no such thing as an abyss.

"Fortunately, the system forced me to go through a nightmare first. Otherwise, I would have directly challenged the abyss. That would be terrible!"

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng was thankful for the system's change.

Abyss Mode.

Even if it was not a hundred percent real battlefield like the training ground, it was definitely a real battlefield!

What is the true pattern to some extent?

It was a battle or a simulation of data, not a model that was replaced by grades and stars. No matter how strong you were, you would die if your weakness was hit, but the monster simulation was infinitely close to reality.

For example, the tribe under the Serpent God Mountain.

If it was a normal difficulty, the players would only be attacked when they entered the aggro range of the monsters. No matter how much noise they made, even if they killed their companions in front of them, the monsters would remain unmoved.

The Abyss Mode would affect the entire situation. As long as the alarm was triggered, all the fallen Snake-People would move out and crush them.

‘ Of course.’

Under such circumstances, ordinary methods could be used.

For example.

Fire, water, digging traps, instigating rebellion…

The higher the IQ of the monsters, the more methods there were. Everything depended on the players' performance. It was equivalent to the Abyss Mode giving you a platform, allowing you to display your skills to your heart's content. Not only did you display your strength, but you also displayed intelligence and strategy. It was just like two armies facing each other!

This made it extremely difficult!

This was also the reason why the system gave out a special reward!

It was to motivate them!

"Let's go through it first and get a feel of the base of this tribe. Be it the layout of the buildings, the structure of power, the distribution of troops… We have to get all the information!"

Qin Luo Sheng quietly circled around the village. He did not use the Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon to invade the village. Instead, he crossed the fence formed by the thick and sturdy logs and charged into the village from the entrance.

[Snakeman Guard (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 48

Health: 1,800,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 12,000

Magic Defense: 9000

Speed: 13,500

Skills: Poison Spray, Tail Strike, Furious Slash

Weakness: Fire, Ice

Introduction: Snake people are mutated into half-human, half-snake species due to the crossbreeding between humans and snakes. There are also some mutated humans who use secret techniques or consume snake cores. The successor's wisdom and cunningness as well as the cunningness and ruthlessness of snakes. Their temperament is ruthless and extremely cruel.

At the entrance of the tribe, there was a group of guards with a snake tail and a human body with a snake-like appearance. Their tongues were split and their pupils were vertical. They wore armor and held large sabers.

With a sweep of his Heavenly Eye, Qin Luo received all the information!

After all, it was only an elite monster under the Nightmare Difficulty. Its attributes were somewhat weak!

He summoned Little Tiny and Qin Luo once more, and they charged in through the front door in broad daylight.

This time, he didn't use his ice magic to sweep the area. Instead, he returned to his old profession and fought the world.

After all.

Although these snake people were different species, they were still acceptable as half-human and half-snake. Furthermore, there were not many of them. It was unlike the poisonous snake trail just now, where dozens or hundreds of them appeared at once.

Besides.

Although the Holy Dragon Set did not have any restrictions, it was a warrior's equipment. The Holy Dragon Sword at the weapon part only had physical attacks and no magical attacks. In addition, ice magic was mainly limited and controlled. The damage was pitifully low. How much time would it take to kill enemies with magic?

Snake guards, Snake Hunters, Snake Priests, Snake Wizard, Snake Chief…

The Nightmare Difficulty was too weak. It was not Qin Sheng's opponent who had been swept clean by him. Even the Boss, the Chief of the Snake-People, had only lasted less than a minute before dying on the spot.

"The experience is still alright. It should be twice the normal difficulty!"

Glancing at the experience bar that was slowly increasing, Qin Sheng sighed and cleaned up the battlefield.

There was nothing good on the Lillend except for its venomous fangs and gallbladder. The former could be forged, while the latter could be used in medicine. Of course, the scales of the Lillend could be considered as well, but they were too low-level. The defensive equipment they produced was far inferior to that of a bear skin or tiger skin. The greatest use was those that novice tailors used to train their proficiency. They were not worth much, so Qin Sheng gave them up.

The Snake-People Tribe was the gate that guarded the Snake God Mountain.

At the end of this tribe was the entrance to the Serpent God Mountain that seemed like an enormous snake!

Qin Luo Sheng spent half an hour touring the entire tribe, memorizing the terrain of the special buildings before heading up the mountain.

"After this dungeon is completed, I'm not in a hurry to continue the Abyss Mode. I'll leave some time to analyze it. At the same time, I need to find some props and buy a skill book similar to Stealth Mode!"