Chapter 806: The Legend Of The Snake Deity (1)

What did humans think of snakes?

Insidious, cold-blooded, cunning, strange speed, poison…

And so it was.

Snakes were natural hunters. They were also very patient and good at disguising themselves. When they attacked, they were extremely fast, cold-blooded, and merciless. They also had a winning magical equipment—Poison!

In ancient times, the ancestors of the human race had yet to drill into wood to start a fire. Before they built their nests, who knew how many of them had died in the stomachs of snakes and how many of them had died from snake venom!

Thus…

There were many tribes who worshiped snakes and used them as totems. They even worshiped them as gods or thought that snakes were the messengers of God and the representatives of Death!

Generations after generations of fear were engraved in the soul and in the genes. Therefore, even though the human race had been passed down for countless generations, in the modern era, humans were the absolute overlords with absolute power. If the snake race was not treated as a protective animal, they might even be completely extinct. However, humans were still afraid of snakes!

When most people saw snakes, they could not help but feel fear, especially in the wild. No matter what kind of snakes they were, whether they were poisonous or not, the sudden appearance of a snake would scare even a two-meter tall man.

Compared to the snakes in reality, the ones in the fantasy world were much more sinister!

Even though it was not the legendary mutated snakes but the bamboo leaves and greenery before his eyes and the black manba, it still made Qin Sheng's scalp tingle.

One, two, three, five, eight, ten. It was still alright, it was bearable!

If one or two hundred, three to five hundred, or even more than a thousand, they would be f*cking scared to death. They wouldn't even be able to hold their swords properly, let alone fight a J2!

"…Hu, let's go!"

He took two deep breaths.

Qin Luo Sheng gently moved his legs. Understanding his intentions, he took a few steps forward.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Elemental essence condensed, cold and biting.

Strands of icicles accurately shot towards the various poisonous snakes that had attacked because they had stepped into the aggro range.

Tsk.

How naive!

Qin Sheng could not help but laugh as he looked at the vipers who had been killed in one shot.

"If I was just a Berserker, it would be hard to say. Unfortunately, I still have a job called Spellblade!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not even bother to change the staff he had prepared in his backpack. He only used the [Sacred Dragon Sword] in his hand. Even though there were no additional magical attacks, his spiritual attributes were not weak, so his magical attacks were naturally not bad.

If he could not instakill a useless person who only had 20,000 Health Points and zero Mana Defense, he might as well find a piece of tofu and commit suicide. What was the point of clearing a dungeon!

"This viper trail was originally a path of death, but unfortunately, you met me. Consider yourselves unlucky!"

Qin Luo sighed "Compassionate the Heavens and Compassion the Human", but his hands did not slow down. With the combination of magic, the ground was soon littered with snake corpses.

He was the natural nemesis of these poisonous snakes!

Why?

These venomous snakes were indeed very strong. Their Attack Power was at least 30,000 points, which was much stronger than many Bosses of the same level. Not to mention the Brittleskin, even Berserker, who had a bit of Defense, might be killed instantly if he was not careful. After all, this thing was highly toxic!

Besides.

Not only was the venomous snake strong, it was also good at disguising itself and blending with the environment, making it impossible to guard against.

When these two things were combined, it was enough to give those who entered this place for the first time an extremely disastrous lesson, to the extent where they might be completely wiped out, falling on this first trial!

But when these assassins met Qin Luo, they were completely defeated.

Disguise?

Under the Heavenly Eye, there was nowhere to hide!

Attack and poison?

It was impossible to get close to him with ice magic!

As long as he was not ambushed in secret, with a mere 20,000 health points, even a level 45 player with a set of Silver equipment could solve the problem perfectly, not to mention a freak like Qin Luo Sheng who was rumored to have enhanced + 10!

"Xiaoxiao, time to work!"

The dragon's might was not present, and these snakes were not of the dark attribute. The Death God's Stare could not take effect. It was impossible for them to ride on the ice like they did on the White Bone Mountain, attracting all the monsters, and then kill them in a wave!

Besides.

These snakes were not like ordinary monsters, especially these small snakes. Furthermore, the terrain here was wide, unlike the funnel-shaped snake cave in the beginner village's training ground. It had a natural terrain advantage, and the snakes there had the characteristics of self-destruction. That was why they were taken care of by a fire medicine pot. If they really lured a bunch of them, not to mention whether they could succeed, just the scene alone was so dense that it would definitely make one's scalp tingle.

Qin Luo was not afraid of snakes!

But he was afraid of the snakes!

What the f*ck! With tens of thousands of snakes squeezed together, it was scary enough. Who could withstand it?

"If it's slow, so be it. We don't need this bit of effort!"

Frost condensed and icicles flew.

Qin Luo Sheng was very fortunate. Previously, when he had changed his profession to a Spellblade, due to the existence of the Water Vein Spiritual Bead and Ice Spirit Ring, he had chosen a water-type mage at the first moment. Other than the exclusive skills of Spellblades themselves, such as the seven ultimate elemental spells, magic energy conversion, magic sword fighting style, sword slash, and so on, he had also obtained the full set of skills of a water-type mage. Although his strength was the same as his, only at the Second Stage Profession, it was completely sufficient to deal with these "Ultra Paramount" Vipers with weak health points!

Icicles, icicles, ice balls, frost chains…

Qin Luo Sheng continued to use all sorts of spells. He was not showing off his skills but familiarizing himself with them. He was familiar with using his identity as a mage to fight. He was also trying out the coordination between the various spells, the sequence of combos and so on!

Hey ~

It had to be said.

It was really quite good!

As expected of a mobile turret, it was really awesome!

It was no wonder that mages looked down on stupid warriors. They only needed to move their fingers to win gracefully. They could create beautiful visual effects and cause gorgeous damage numbers. They were not much better than the boorish men?

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 45 One Star Enhanced Elite Bamboo Leaf Green. Experience: 12,000! '

Ding… congratulations on killing level 45 one-star Enhanced Elite Cobra. EXP gained: 12,000! '

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 45 One Star Enhanced Elite Black Mamba. Experience: 12,000! '

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 45 One Star Enhanced Elite, Five-Step Snake. Experience: 12,000 points! '

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 45 One Star Enhanced Elite Triangular Viper. Experience: 12,000! '

"…"

Experience points flooded the screen crazily!

Although only 12,000 points was not a lot, once this number was added, it would be incredible!

Besides.

This was extremely efficient!

There was nothing much to say about Qin Luo Sheng, but Xiaoxiao was the most surprised.

As soon as the true dragon's body appeared and the dragon's might spread out, these poisonous snakes instantly withered by 30%. Although it wasn't like Qin Sheng's Dragon's might, which could have an extremely obvious effect such as reducing all attributes by 20%, or the Absolute Drag of Hatred, it was indeed overwhelming in terms of aura, causing one to tremble in fear during battle and not dare to fight freely.

Viper was afraid, but Xiaoxiao was different.

It was different from Qin Luo's water-elemental magic, which was a variant of ice-attribute magic. It was a fire-attribute magic that used raging flames. Furthermore, the dragon's mouth was an AOE with a wide-range effect. The effect was outstanding!

They ran and killed.

Normally, it would take fifteen minutes to travel without interference. But now, after killing hundreds of hidden venomous snakes, the journey did not take much time. It only took slightly more than eighteen minutes to reach the foot of Snake God Mountain. It was only three minutes more than the normal journey. It was less than four minutes!

Awesome!