Chapter 804: External Avatar, Id: Black Ice, Birth!

Buzz…

Goumang's statue and Goumang's soul in the Medal of Honor suddenly released the same green brilliance and connected.

Before Qin Sheng could react, the system's prompt sounded by his ear.

"I see!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head in understanding. "According to my calculations, the coordinates of the second phase should be the temple of the Mercenary King's companion. Right now, I'm only here to identify the way and activate it while I'm at it to prepare for the next phase. As for what I'm going to do in the next phase, I'll only know after I reach Level 50 and teleport here. The dog system isn't f*cked up. It even specially gave me a teleportation mark so that I won't have to make a trip the next time I come. Although it's useless to me, I have Space Jump after all!"

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Luo followed the law.

At the coordinates of the other eight main cities, 10% of the souls were revived. The mission had finally entered the next stage. It could only be triggered after Level 50 Third Stage!

Back in Star Glory City.

More than three hours had passed.

This trip to the mission was really delayed for too long. Luckily, Bing Bing was here, otherwise, the time would have doubled.

He quietly turned on the communicator and asked Su Youran about it. After receiving the reply that Qin Luo was currently going to the next dungeon, he did not disturb him. He had originally wanted to go to the dungeon and try to reach Level 50 as soon as possible and obtain the reward for the Level 45 dungeon.

Except.

He thought of something and immediately moved towards the City Lord Residence.

"This is a rare spiritual object!"

Qin Luo, who was already an old acquaintance, did not stand on ceremony. After greeting him briefly, he went straight to the main topic and took out the [White Bone Mountain Sprite] he had obtained from the White Bone Mountain. He asked the experienced and knowledgeable Luo Lin to help him figure out what it was used for.

"In ancient times, there was an abundance of spiritual energy. There were countless monsters in the mountains. Even the mischievous stones had the chance to cultivate successfully!"

Luo Lin said, "It's a pity that after a series of battles, the continent was damaged. In ancient times, the number of demons had greatly decreased. Now, the spiritual energy is thin. Only in places with spiritual meridians like the Heavenly Abode can it be more abundant. This resulted in the lack of cultivation energy in the rocks and trees, making it difficult for them to become demons."

"What do you mean?"

Qin Luo Sheng somewhat understood what Luo Lin was saying. He looked at the pink mini skeleton and asked, "Does this thing cultivate into a spirit?"

"No!"

Luo Lin smiled and shook his head. "This is not a spirit, but an incarnation of a spirit vein!"

"Spiritual Heritage?"

Qin Luo could not help but exclaim loudly.

"Yes, spirit meridians!"

Luo Lin said, "It's a pity that it's still an incomplete spirit vein. Moreover, due to the special geography of the White Bone Mountain, it transformed into a skeleton. Judging by its appearance, it should have already developed intelligence. However, it has no intelligence despite having a spirit accumulation. I'm afraid it has already been harmed!"

"It must be the Skeleton Blood Emperor!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly said, "That fellow occupied the White Bone Mountain and took the treasure that General Zhang Xin had buried in the Demon-Buster Army's seven regiments for himself. He enslaved all the evil spirits and sucked the blood of all living beings within a radius of eight hundred miles. In the end, he became the Blood Emperor. The sprites born from this spirit vein should have had their true spirits destroyed by him!"

"Really? What a pity!"

To think that a living being born from the spiritual essence of heaven and earth would die so prematurely. Luo Lin was heartbroken.

You have to know.

In this world where spiritual qi was scarce, it was extremely difficult to be born. Once guided, the road ahead would be limitless.

Unfortunately.

Now that it was dead, only its body was left. Even if it could be used to refine magic weapons, it was far from having the potential of the soul that was born from it!

"Then, is it useless?"

Qin Luo was somewhat dejected.

"Who said it's useless?"

Luo Lin smiled. "This is a rare treasure with many uses!"

"Please teach me!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed and hurriedly asked for guidance.

“Yeah…”

Luo Lin pondered for a moment and said, "There are only two uses for this thing. The first is to refine magical equipment to help you. The second is to refine an avatar and become your avatar."

"Clone?"

Upon hearing these two words, Qin Sheng immediately perked up.

"That's right!"

Luo Lin nodded and explained, "The spirits formed by the White Bone Mountain Range have their True Spirits destroyed. This body was left behind because it absorbed endless spiritual energy and was nurtured by the mountains and rivers of heaven and earth. It is not tainted at all. It is a body that is born without any impurities. It is most suitable to refine an avatar!"

"How?"

Qin Luo was excited. As a Chinese, he naturally understood the meaning of these words.

"It's very simple. Just drip your blood into it and immerse your soul into it, using your bloodline to form a connection."

Luo Lin instructed the maids beside him. Not long after, a few guards carried a pile of materials over.

"Thank you, City Lord!"

Qin Qin Sheng knew very well that the method was correct, but there would definitely be consumption.

He did not have these things.

Lorraine gave it to him. It was a favor. He had to remember it.

“It’s fine. Just treat my Luo Li well in the future!”

Luo Lin smiled. His words made Qin Luo Sheng feel a little embarrassed.

"Come, follow me to the secret chamber. We cannot be disturbed!"

…

Ding… congratulations on cultivating an avatar body! '

“External incarnations are connected to your soul, sharing the same bloodline as you, just like yourself, also your avatar. You can change your form and identity as you please, moreover bestow a certain ability on you (only one), afterwards, you cannot change it!”

"Bestow upon Spellblade abilities!"

"Bestow success!"

"Do you wish to change its form and give it an identity?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the faceless man who was of the same height and build as him and pondered for a moment before making a slight adjustment.

Height + 10CM, physique slightly stronger, then face. As handsome as one could be, this was not optimized by the system's maximum 20%. Qin Sheng directly pinched his face into a peerless handsome face!

"Give me your identity, Ink Ice!"

"ID successful!"

A unique feeling of mental connection arose.

Qin Luo looked at Mo Bing who had opened his eyes, and Mo Bing looked back at Qin Luo.

His soul was blessed.

They smiled at each other.

"Hello, Mo Bing!"

"Hello, Weeping Soul Beast!"

They were the same person, but there were also two people.

External incarnations were just that miraculous.

After bidding farewell to Luo Lin, Qin Sheng brought Mo Bing back to the Luo Shen Residence.

"Come, let's use this first!"

Qin Luo Sheng spent some time strengthening the Blood Fiend Gauntlets and Blood Fiend Crown that he had identified, as well as the Epic Scepter that Qing Si had auctioned off earlier.

After using the Duality Dao Sword, the Glazed Daoist Robe, and other equipment, as well as the replenishment from the Virtual Exchange Platform, and using Starlight Miracle Evolution, a set of Epic + Legendary super equipment was ready!

A level 49 master who had inherited all of Qin Sheng's attributes and possessed a Spellblade was born!