Chapter 809: Snake Path Guardian Boss: Titan Python

Titan Python?

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly dumbfounded when he saw the four words above the head of the python that was entrenched at the peak of the mountain!

[Titan Python (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 52

Health Points: 80,000,000

Mana: 350,000

Physical Attack: 120,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 100,000

Magic Defense: 80,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: Spiral Strangle, Swamp Poison Mist, Wild Devour

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Titanic Python, an ancient beast known as an anaconda. It has a huge body and a hard body. It often appears in the mountains, rivers, and swamps. It has a vicious nature and is especially violent when it is hungry. It will hunt all life within its field of vision. Even its kind is no exception. It will only return to normal when it is full.

Qin Luo stealthily walked up. His face twitched as he looked at the huge python that was lying prostrate on the ground and snoring loudly!

Even though he had seen many true dragons during the three days and three nights of hunting of the dragons, the trial of the Dragon God Temple, the encirclement of the flying bear dragons, and the battle on the Stage of the Shocking Dragon, he was still frightened by the ferocious Titan Python.

The dragon used its might to intimidate the enemy!

It was the King Dao!

However, the Titan Python was extremely domineering!

Even so, he was still in a deep sleep. However, the violent aura that was naturally released made ordinary people afraid to even take a step forward, let alone fight!

"This is going to be difficult!"

Qin Luo looked left and right and discovered that the Titanic Python had completely blocked the snake's mouth without leaving a single gap. It had completely eliminated certain special existences, such as the shadow warriors, who were good at concealment and trickery. They had managed to sneak through and reach the peak.

"Forget it, if I can't pass, then I can't pass. I'll just do it!"

Although Qin Luo Sheng really wanted to know what was on the peak of the Snake God Mountain. After all, the Titanic Python was only guarding the entrance to the peak. It was definitely not the final Boss nor was it the final secret. However, with a tiger blocking the way, what else was there to say? Just kill it!

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Super Dimension!"

“God domain!”

"Magic conversion, transform all magic attacks into physical attacks!"

After activating six augmentation skills in a row, Qin Luo's condition improved tremendously.

Because of the Dragon Abyss Curse, he had lost the Roaming Snake Steps, the Blood Eruption Spell, the Dragon's Might, the Dragon's Blood Burning Death and other skills. However, he now had the ability of a Spellblade!

Although Spellblades did not have direct augmentation abilities, Qin Luo could combine his own condition and use skills!

For example.

Originally, because his class was a physical melee class, he had the divine skill [Mind] and the two low-rank skills that were derived from it: Ultimate Peace and God's Domain, but they were useless.

It was different now.

Spellblades were dual-cultivators of magic and martial arts. One of their skills was Physical Damage (Sword Slash, Sword Storm, etc.), another was Magic Damage (Seven Limit Magic, Elemental Turbulence, etc.), and another was Mixed Damage (Spellblade), which was very complicated.

However, it was precisely because of this that even though Spellblades could not be as profound and invincible in a certain field as other professions, they could still adapt to the situation according to their own situation. They could activate countless flexible strategies, just like how gold was oil, to deal with any enemy.

As such,

Spellblades had almost no natural enemies.

No one could restrain a Spellblade. On the contrary, Spellblades could counter the enemy according to their situation.

‘ Of course.’

The current Qin Sheng could not do it.

After all.

His Spellblade had just awakened and was only proficient in water magic. Once he was proficient in all elemental magic and learned Yin-Yang magic, he would be invincible!

Even so.

Qin Luo Sheng was also able to adjust his condition to its optimal state based on his own advantages.

Mana conversion!

The Spellblade's class-specific skill was the center!

It could swap life magic, attack!

Or.

It could superimpose life magic, physical and magical attacks!

This was an extremely terrifying ability!

Just like now.

With a series of augmentations, Qin Luo first increased his own attributes (there was an increase in magic attacks inside). Then, through the two skills of Supremacy and Divine Territory, he further increased his magic attacks. Finally, he used the conversion of magic energy to transform the magic attacks that had already been raised by several levels into physical attacks. This effect was simply explosive!

"It's been a long time since I launched a sneak attack like this. Perfect, let's test the power of the skill!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned his gaze to the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand. He walked to a slightly hidden corner, then activated his skill and began to accumulate power. "Sacred Dragon Annihilation Slash!"

One second, two seconds!

The Titan Python did not move!

Three seconds, four seconds!

The Sacred Dragon Sword shone brightly as a sharp sword intent began to gather.

The wild instincts of the Titanic Python began to activate, shaking its slumber!

"Xiaoxiao, once that guy wakes up, go and hold it back!"

Qin Luo instructed.

Xiaoxiao did not reply.

Five seconds, six seconds!

At this moment.

The Titan Python finally recovered.

Qin Luo's eyes, which were filled with ruthlessness and killing intent, were larger than Qin Sheng's alone. His cold gaze immediately turned towards the supreme sword intent that was charging up.

"Ang…"

A dragon's roar erupted.

The Titanic Python, which had been treated as its prey, had yet to make a move when it heard Qin Luo's order. Meanwhile, Xiaoxiao, who had been waiting to make a move, suddenly launched an attack.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The scorching dragon breath was infused with the fire element that the Titan Python was afraid of and crushed towards the Titan Python.

Rumble!

In an instant.

There was a sudden explosion and sparks flew.

Roar!

He was sleeping soundly when he was suddenly awakened by a wild beast's instinct. Before he could see the situation clearly, he was engulfed by the enemy's firepower and attacked by the most annoying flames.

This time.

The ill-tempered Titan Python was enraged!

As an ancient beast, the overlord of snakes, when had he ever suffered such humiliation?

If I don't go out and commit crimes, it would be good enough if I stir up a storm of blood. I'm just sleeping in front of my own door, and there's actually an ignorant bastard who's courting death?

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

Just as the Titanic Python roared and charged out of the dragon’s flames with its violent body, it was shocked by a dragon’s roar before it could even see its enemy clearly. Fear appeared in its eyes, and it stood rooted to the ground in fear.

Dragon Roar Strike, three seconds of stun!

"Good job, Xiaoxiao!"

Qin Sheng, who was still accumulating his strength, looked at the Titan Python who had completely lost its ability to resist and praised loudly with joy.

Eight seconds!

Nine seconds!

Ten seconds!

He had gathered his strength!

"Holy Dragon… Annihilation Slash!"

——————

PS1: Super Dimension: Magic Attack increases by 100%, Magic Critical Rate increases by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS2: God's Domain: Magic Attack + X (Magic Attack * Class Advancement * LV) Point. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS3: Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash: Consumes 10,000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. Strength accumulation: 1-10 seconds. Attack Range: 5-50 meters. Attack Power: 300% -3,000%. Strength accumulation: 10 seconds. Attack: 100% with annihilation effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!