Chapter 802: Sanguine Primrose Gang

"20% higher?"

Qin Luo mumbled, "This price is a little high! Hehe ~"

"This… bastard!"

His wretched and disgusting laughter almost broke the defenses of a woman who knew what Qin Luo was referring to.

Sanguine Rose was already extremely embarrassed and resentful by Qin Luo's meaningful "price tag". Her entire body felt uncomfortable and her expression was stiff. When she heard Mu Mu's words, her gaze immediately shifted over. She looked at the cute and pretty girl who was still a little immature yet had a cuteness that she did not possess. Her child-like face was huge and her eyes sparkled. No one knew what she was thinking.

"How do you think we should calculate this 20%?"

Qin Luo Sheng secretly transmitted his voice to Sanguine Primrose, ignoring her murderous gaze as he continued, "One night, I'll count it as ten hours. Even if it's 20% higher, it's still two hours more. Wow, what a fierce warrior! Two hours is more than enough for me to fire two shots. Tsk tsk, only that mature figure of yours can withstand my ravaging. Forget about this lolita figure, I guarantee that she won't last more than an hour before calling me daddy to beg for mercy!"

Sisterly figure?

Torture?

Hold on for an hour?

Ask Daddy to beg for mercy?

What kind of words were these?

If Sanguine Primrose was a woman who had just turned into a female, how could she possibly resist?

Qin Luo glared fiercely at Qin Sheng before turning to leave with a cold face.

"Remember, come to my room tonight. Or, if you leave the door open, I'll go to your room!"

Qin Luo Sheng's faint voice was heard.

Sanguine Primrose, who was just about to leave, stumbled and almost fell. After she regained her balance, she started walking even faster as though she was being chased by a mad dog!

…

Another half an hour passed.

After a tense competition, the auction finally came to an end.

Qin Luo Sheng earned another 50 million with tears in his eyes!

Enhanced + 10 equipment, and it was at the Epic stage. That price was too high!

After all.

Putting aside the equipment itself, just the enhancement of + 10 alone would cost more than 300,000 gold coins, and that was not including the Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals!

It was extremely rare for such a treasure to be auctioned off at a price of ten million.

"What are you going to do now?"

Mu Mu glanced sideways at Qin Sheng.

"Mission accomplished!"

Qin Luo Sheng muttered to himself for a while. He was prepared to go to the level 45 dungeon to take a look. Then, he thought of the [Mercenary King's Last Wish] that had not made a move for a long time. Since it had also been activated at level 30, and the treasure map of White Bone Mountain had been resolved, it should be its turn now.

"What mission? Can you bring us along?"

Upon hearing the words' mission ', Mu Mu's eyes immediately lit up.

How could a Weeping Soul mission be something as trivial as hunting a cat or a dog or mining medicine? At the very least, it was a mission that could be evaluated as a Grade A Super.

"I…"

Qin Luo opened his mouth and was about to speak when the system's prompt interrupted him.

"Ding! All players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note. The player from the Chinese war zone, Sanguine Primrose, has established the Rose Society. As she is the second player to establish the Rose Society, she has received a reward: The development of the Rose Society has increased by 50%, a piece of half-price territory, two special pill recipes, and the player, Sanguine Primrose, has received a reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 80,000, Special Skill—Blood Rose's Fury! I hereby announce!"

Ding…

Ding…

Did Sanguine Primrose start a guild too?

Beep beep beep!

The communicator suddenly rang.

"Brother, please take care of me!"

Yatu's bootlicking voice suddenly sounded. "You must sell me the Construction Faction Order. You can name the price. I beg you!"

Qin Sheng:…

Without waiting for a reply.

The communicator rang again!

In the past, all the major factions that sold medicine had sent messages requesting to purchase the establishment of a gang!

If it was only the one at the auction, it would not be a problem.

However, Sanguine Primrose had immediately established another association behind the back of the East Imperial Pavilion. How the f*ck could these powers be compared to others? Especially the Heaven Tyrant Guild that had always been at odds with the East Imperial Pavilion and was like fire and water, and neither of them were willing to submit to the other!

After falling behind East Imperial Pavilion to begin with, he had fallen into the trap of the despicable East Imperial Pavilion. Now, he was even worse than a woman and Sanguine Primrose was one step ahead of him. This was simply too infuriating!

"Sure, sure!"

He had come to the door with sincerity. Moreover, Qin Sheng was embarrassed to refuse since they were all big financiers. It was just an empty promise anyway. If he opened it, so be it. When the time came, who would dare to say anything if he didn't hit Qin Sheng?

"How are you going to deal with the Thunder Guild?"

After making a promise, Qin Sheng dismissed the enthusiastic sugar daddies who wanted to send money up. He wiped his sweat, but before he could catch his breath, Mu Mu took the lead to ask, "That disgusting fellow, Mad Thunder, was very active just now. How annoying!"

"Don't panic!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head with a calm expression.

"You're really tolerant!"

Mu Mu looked at Qin Sheng strangely and said, "I remember that you weren't like this in the past. You were like Long Aotian. Whoever dares to offend you will immediately go up and fight!"

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched.

This girl.

Was he that fierce?

She clearly had such a pure and innocent face, but when she opened her mouth, it was so vulgar. She even used the words' tiger and wolf 'from time to time. One really shouldn't judge a book by its cover!

"What do you know? I'm a good person!"

Qin Qin Sheng glared at Mu.

"Forget it!"

Such shameless words made Mu Mu roll her eyes and almost vomit. "Are you still a good person? I wonder who killed tens of thousands of people in the Beginner's Village with a scroll? And who killed tens of thousands of people in the Furious Bears Ridge with one man and one sword!"

Qin Luo was rendered speechless.

“Don’t worry! I will remember this grudge, but now is not the time to take revenge!”

Qin Sheng had no choice but to console him.

This was not an excuse.

Now that Qin Luo had resolved the most dangerous issue of the Terrifying Dragon Platform, he had also produced a SSS mission [Racial Strategy]. Even though this was a mission that required time and opportunity, he had no choice but to make preparations early.

At the same time.

He still had a lot of things to do.

For example, the “Mercenary King’s Last Wish” that was about to be completed. For example, clearing the Level 45 official dungeon. For example, he had to go to the“ Demon Palace” several times to get the Blood Demon Set. For example, he had to prepare to reach Level 50 and head to the Imperial City…

There were too many of them!

That was all there was to it.

After reaching Level 50, there were even more things to do. He had to clear dungeons at Level 50, complete the third-promotion quest, and dig up another treasure map. He also had to first go buy houses and shops, sweep the Imperial City to find hidden shops, hidden NPCs, hidden quests, and so on.

Mad Thunder?

He was just a clown!

There would be plenty of time to clean up in the future!

It was not worth it to waste time on him!