Chapter 801: The Curtain Falls, Deal Price: 400 Million

“300 million… 70 million!”

In order to avoid unnecessary trouble, Emperor Wu had no intention of making things difficult for East Emperor. He directly called out his highest price, wanting to get the Creation Gang Badge as soon as possible.

What was in his hands was his!

"Four… billion!"

Yet.

Donghuang spoke softly, causing Emperor Wu to break down.

"I still underestimated you!"

East Imperial's gentle voice sounded. "If I hadn't made two preparations and prepared 100 million for the Ghost Wheel (East Imperial Pavilion's Vice-President), I really wouldn't be able to compete with you! As expected of the Residence of the Sky Tyrant Lord. You spent 10,200W on an Epic Necklace, and now you can even take out 300 million. You're really rich!”

Emperor Wu was furious!

Since when could a string of virtual codes be sold for hundreds of millions?

Even though he had overestimated Fate Dimension, he did not expect that he and his backer had greatly underestimated it!

During the auction, it had been recharged several times.

The Moonlight Necklace that was supposed to be the first to show off had suppressed the East Imperial Pavilion and allowed the Residence of the Sky Tyrant Lord to show his face.

Even though he had spent more than a hundred million yuan on it, he had immediately recharged it and returned the number.

Unexpectedly.

The competition was too intense.

The price continued to rise, completely out of control.

Especially that b * stard Young Master Leiting. He raised the price and caused the bidding space to shrink. As a result, they had no time to charge more. Time was not allowed.

Tsk!

Now.

He was really at the end of his rope.

The recharging was still under review, and the nine trusted aides in the room had completely emptied their pockets…

He originally wanted to take drastic measures to deal with the East Imperial Prefecture, but he never expected that he would be taken drastic measures instead.

He already had more than 300 million yuan. In addition to the 100 million yuan that he had previously prepared for the Ghost Wheel!

The current East Imperial was ranked first on the Equipment Leaderboard with over 400 million gold coins. No one could shake it!

“400 million going once, 400 million going twice…”

The auctioneer's face was flushed red as he shouted, "Is there anyone else who wants to increase the bid? Is there anyone else who wants to increase the bid?"

He repeated it several times.

"Four hundred million going thrice!"

"Deal!"

Dong!

"Congratulations to Boss East Imperial for bidding for this extremely precious establishment gang order. Congratulations!"

As the auction gavel slammed down, a fierce battle drew to a close.

The auction ended.

400 million!

The explosive price instantly swept across the entire world, causing countless people to become excited.

Countless people who were watching the live broadcast turned around and left when they saw this scene!

"Brother, what are you doing? The finale auction has just begun. There are still seven more items to be auctioned!"

The people at the side didn't know what was going on and quickly pulled him back.

"Don't pull me!"

The eyes of the players who were being held back turned red, like a ferocious beast that was about to devour someone. "I'm f*cking going to issue an order to build a gang, don't stop me. 400 million, 400 million…"

In a word.

Everyone woke up from their dreams!

In an instant.

The red-eyed disease quickly "spread".

Regardless of whether they were high-level or low-level, regardless of whether they were strong or weak, at this moment, they were all brainwashed and ran away like mad dogs. They did not even bother to look at the auction that was connected to them. They quickly called for their friends or teams to go to the wild and headed straight for the teleportation dungeon. They also chose the difficulty that they had never dared to touch before—Nightmare was the Abyss!

Unfortunately.

He had the heart but not the strength!

For a moment.

Countless deaths occurred.

After being tortured by the monsters in the Instance Dungeon, especially when most of the team's BOSSes did not even see them die, they watched their experience points (30% of their experience points dropped when they died in the Instance Dungeon, but not one level dropped) drop crazily. They only woke up after seeing the equipment drop.

Except.

It's too late!

Countless players who were so frustrated that they lost their minds did not care if their greed was causing trouble. The responsibility was on themselves. Without saying a word, they directly rushed to the official platform and forced the official platform to change the dungeon method, changing the Abyss Mode that had the most complaints. Only after clearing the Nightmare Difficulty was they qualified to activate the Abyss.

This was a story for another time!

…

"Ding, players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note. The player from the Chinese war zone, East Imperial, has established a gang called East Imperial Pavilion. As he is the first player to establish a gang, he has received a reward: East Imperial Pavilion has been upgraded to a level two gang. A free gang territory, three special pill recipes, and the reputation of the number one gang in the world. Player East Imperial Pavilion has received a reward: Level + 2, Reputation + 100,000, special skill—Imperial Path, a random scroll! This is the announcement!"

Ding…

Ding…

Three system prompts shocked the world.

The atmosphere of the auction, which was still in full swing, froze for a moment.

East Imperial City had left. Right now, they were establishing an association with the city lord, Luo Lin. While completing the procedures, they were also receiving their rewards!

Emperor Wu also left in anger. He didn't even attend the rest of the auction!

Still.

After Emperor Wu left, his private room wasn't empty. The higher-ups of the Sky Tyrant Guild were still there.

They coveted the remaining seven pieces of equipment.

Especially those enhanced + 10 finished products, that was the goal!

"Establishment Order!"

Qin Luo Sheng had originally wanted to leave. After all, the biggest show had already ended and the remaining equipment auction was just a small matter. However, he received a message from Sanguine Primrose.

This woman.

After seeing the establishment of the East Imperial Pavilion, he couldn't wait any longer!

"What do you mean?"

Sanguine Primrose's words stunned the girls in the room.

"Take it!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not be bothered to waste his breath on this ice cube woman. No matter how cold she was now, he would ensure that her face would be flushed red by the time it was night time. She would be extremely shy and would even beg for mercy and call him daddy!

"Order… to help?"

Mu Mu stared at the pitch black sign that Qin Sheng had tossed to Sanguine Rose and his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets!

"You, you…"

He pointed at Qin Sheng while trembling, and Mu Mu could not even speak properly.

"What about me?"

Qin Luo shrugged his shoulders. "Could it be that I'm not allowed to have two founding gangs?"

Everyone was speechless!

That's true!

This monster in front of them seemed to be playing with the BOSS and the quality of the BOSS was extremely high.

According to this deduction,

It was not impossible to establish two gangs!

"Then why did you sell it to her!?"

Mu Mu jumped up and down. “How about selling it to Big Brother Lin!”

Brother Lin!

It was Lin Yatu!

Qin Qin Sheng had killed Lin Mingzhou of the Lin Group. In terms of status, he was still Lin Yatu's distant cousin. Naturally, he was no stranger to him!

"Well, first come, first served!"

Shrugging his shoulders again, Qin Sheng said nonchalantly, "Well, I couldn't refuse the price that Leader Rose offered, so I had no choice but to sell it to her!"

"Hmph!"

Mu Mu was instantly displeased. "What price? How high is it? I can offer two… I can offer twenty percent higher than the price she gave!"

"20% higher?"

The corners of Qin Luo's mouth twitched, and he had a strange look on his face.