Chapter 808: The Legend Of The Snake Deity (3)

"Tsk! It would be great if the Shadow Warrior was still around. Once Shadow Concealment comes, why would he need normal stealth?"

When Qin Luo Sheng thought of the Shadow Warrior vocation that had been destroyed by the Dragon Abyss curse, his face fell and he wanted to curse.

If the Abyss Mode in the Snake God Mountain instance dungeon was really as he had imagined and it was the real battlefield mode, then all of these were absolutely necessary.

The snakemen tribe's layout was very suitable for fire attacks.

Except.

If they wanted a fire attack, they had to do it at a few points. Otherwise, they could not affect the entire village and the effect would be greatly reduced.

Yet.

These spots were either heavily guarded or had extremely special locations. It was very difficult to bypass the eyes of the patrolling guards.

In the past, when the shadow warriors were still around, it was a piece of cake.

But now.

Qin Luo Sheng's shadow warrior was left with only the Shadow Escape technique. His other techniques were all annihilated, giving him a headache.

"Forget it, the Nightmare Difficulty hasn't been cleared yet, and there's still a long way to go to the abyss! I'll finish this trip first!"

Qin Luo Sheng sent a message to the person in charge of operating the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, asking him to help him collect skills books that were similar to concealment without job restrictions, as well as some items that he needed. Only then did he return his attention to the dungeon.

"Is this dungeon information just for the players to understand, or is there another purpose?"

As he walked on the winding mountain path, Qin Sheng pondered.

Before.

He saw some information at the chief's residence.

There was information regarding this instance dungeon.

This Snake God Mountain was truly formed by the Snake God!

‘ Of course.’

The snake god was not a god, but an extremely powerful mutated snake!

The Snake God Mountain was formed from the corpse of the dead Snake Tribe expert.

Even after the death of an expert, his aura did not dissipate.

Not only did it deter many other races from approaching this place, it also attracted countless Snake Clan members to settle down here. As time passed, this place became a Snake Cavern, and the mountain formed by the snake body was respected by many Snake Clan members as the Snake God Mountain. The ancestors of the Fallen Snake Clan that protected them were worshipped as the gods of their clan!

"Isn't this too terrifying?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help being aghast. "Just what kind of existence is it to have such a monstrous body? This rough calculation shows that snakes that are bigger than even the Dragon Abyss and even bigger than true dragons are either ancient mutants or even precelestial prehistoric mutants! It's hard to imagine just what kind of existence could kill such a terrifying creature?"

[Lillend Patrol Guard (Silver Boss)]

Level: 50

Health: 2800000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 52000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 20000

Magic Defense: 12,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: Poison Explosion, Tail Strike, Big Saber Fury Slash

Weakness: Fire, Ice

Introduction: An elite warrior of the Snake-People Tribe. He has been selected to patrol the Holy Mountain (Snake Mountain). He is responsible for clearing all suspicious people. He is very powerful. He practices the Great Blade Slash Technique. It is very powerful.

Silver Boss?

Not long after Qin Luo Sheng left, he encountered two monsters on the snake path.

His appearance was similar to that of the Snake-People, except that he was slightly stronger and his aura was much more condensed!

"The trash patrolling by the roadside are all Silver-rank creatures. It seems like the difficulty of this nightmare isn't too bad. Of course, once it enters the Abyss Mode, it has to be at least Silver-rank!"

To Qin Luo, a mere silver-grade BOSS was no different from a minion.

Even if it was one against two, there was no pressure at all.

It took less than 30 seconds to destroy it!

Charge and fight!

Along the way, not only were there Snake-People patrol guards, there were also Snake-People patrol leaders, Snake-People generals… The higher they went, the stronger the Bosses were.

Although the Lillend Patrol Guard was also a Boss, they were only the lowest level minions on the Snake Path. Fortunately, they were everywhere in the entire Snake Path.

It was fine at the front, but the frequency of the two Snake-People patrols appearing was not very high. However, it was different at the back. When ten people formed a team, they would appear once every 100 meters. It was truly disgusting!

The mountainside passed.

The terrain became narrow.

At the same time.

His aura became even colder.

Here.

There were no traces of the Snake-People anymore, but all kinds of strange snakes!

What was an exotic snake?

Just like ordinary snakes that had mutated or were originally mutated beasts, such as Soaring Serpents with wings on their ribs, fire serpents that could spit flames, illusion serpents with human faces and snake bodies, two-headed serpents with two heads, three-headed serpents…

It was indeed a snake nest. It was a paradise for snakes!

Qin Sheng did not dare to be careless against such a variety of strange snakes. He slowed down his pace.

Fortunately, although these snakes were powerful, there were very few of them. There was only one that had reached the level of Gold Strengthening, and most of them appeared alone.

Qin Luo Sheng was also overjoyed.

They treated this place as a boss paradise!

Swish swish swish…

Swish!

He was worried that he would need too much EXP to level up to 50, so he immediately sent so many Bosses to line up and give them warmth. How considerate!

"Qin Luo, where are you?"

Just as Qin Luo was crazily killing the Boss on the snake path and gaining huge amounts of experience, his communicator suddenly rang.

Even if Qin Sheng did not listen to his voice, he knew who it was.

Other than Su Youran, there was no one else who could call out his life in the world of fate!

‘ Of course.’

Other than Su Youran, Sanguine Primrose also knew his identity. However, she would never call him that!

"I'm farming the Instance Dungeon. Why?"

Qin Luo replied.

"Ah… what dungeon? I want to come too!"

Su Youran exclaimed, "It's so difficult for us to clear 40 mountain of bones! It took us almost five hours to clear the Nightmare Difficulty! Hehe, please guide us, Weeping Soul Boss, I want to lie down!"

Qin Sheng:…

"I'm in a level 45 dungeon. Your level is not high enough!"

Qin Luo's lips twitched as he said, "Why don't you wait for me for a while? I'll come out and bring you to the White Bone Mountain two times after I'm done here."

"Ah… forget it!"

Su Youran said hesitantly, "Your matter is more important. I'm fine with it. It's not that I can't beat him, it's just that I can't improve my efficiency without you around!"

"There's no delay!"

Qin Luo said, "It just so happens that I need to sort out my thoughts, and there are still some things I haven't prepared. It's also quite good to grind White Bone Mountain a few times to get experience!"

"Hmm… Alright then!"

Su Youran hesitated before replying with a smile, "Hurry up then, I'll wait for you!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo hung up the call and continued forward.

At this moment.

Even though he was standing on the snake path, with Xiaoxiao sharing his vision, he "saw" that he was not far from the peak of the Snake God Mountain!

"Xiaoxiao, is there anything unusual?"

Qin Qin asked.

He had tried it earlier, but because it was an instance dungeon, it was restricted by the rules. The Wings of the Rain-Dragon could only fly above the Snake Way, and could not fly out of the Snake Way. Moreover, its height was restricted. It was likely that it was afraid that someone like him, who had wings, would directly skip the progress of the dungeon below and reach the top!

"There's a giant python blocking the entrance of the mountain!"

A small voice rang in his mind. At the same time, Qin Sheng also "saw" the giant python in Xiaoxiao's mouth, a terrifying monster that was 50 meters tall and at least three meters in diameter!

Titan Python!

——————

Author's Note: Thank you for the newbie player's bulldozer, thank you!