Chapter 805: Snake God Mountain, Stage One: Viper Trail

"This attribute, tsk tsk…"

Qin Sheng opened Black Ice's stats window and looked at the incomparably luxurious stats. It was only slightly weaker than him. He could not help but click his tongue and sigh.

Spellblade.

A superpower that could control swords and magic!

He was extremely powerful!

Thus…

Coupled with the Duality Dao Sword, this dual-current weapon that possessed both physical and magical attacks was incomparably compatible. Naturally, it was like adding wings to a tiger!

Initially, Qin Sheng was still considering whether or not it would be a waste. But now, it wouldn't be.

The Duality Dao Sword and the Glass Daoist Robe were extremely suitable for Black Ice!

"Let's go to the Demon Palace first. Other than me, there shouldn't be any other players who can find that place. You can get the Blood Demon Set first!"

Mo Bing nodded in agreement, acting like a player without any flaws.

"Why don't I take a look first?"

Qin Sheng stroked his chin as he watched Mo Bing leave. He didn't know if this avatar was reliable, so he temporarily put aside what he was doing and watched his actions from the perspective of the gods.

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng was dumbfounded.

As expected of an out-of-body incarnation born from his soul and blood. It was very similar to his behavior and thought patterns.

Buying mounts, pets, expanding backpacks, replenishing potions and food…

He knew everything!

Everything!

"This is great!"

Qin Luo's smile could not be concealed at all. "Having a doppelganger to help me level up and download the dungeon, it's as if I've opened double the experience!"

This was only the basics!

The magical effects of the avatar body were definitely not limited to this.

This was a trump card. Once it was revealed, it would definitely be earth-shattering!

"With Ink Ice, I'll go collect the Blood Demon Set and settle this matter. Then, I'll go to Dungeon 45!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the gold coins on his body. There were more than 700 million gold coins. Although it was basically impossible for him to die, he still kept the 700 million gold coins at home and did not take it out to play.

"Now that the Exchange System is open, if there are no major accidents, the ratio is basically stable. 1: 1, there is no need to exchange gold coins. After all, this old Blackheart Fate Group collects a lot of taxes!"

With more than 30 million gold coins, Qin Luo Sheng also began his pre-battle preparations, repairing equipment, replenishing supplies, and so on. "Anyway, I'm about to reach Level 50 and will soon be qualified to enter and exchange for it. When the time comes to buy shops and houses, I will definitely have to spend quite a lot of money. I don't know if this is enough! After all, the Imperial City is a legitimate capital. Under the feet of the Son of Heaven, this price will definitely be much more expensive than the main city!"

…

Level 45 dungeon, Snake God Mountain!

According to the official information, the Snake God Mountain was a snake nest. Other than ordinary snakes that had mutated, there were also snake humans that had become monsters. The Boss was a mutated snake and was extremely powerful!

"What do you mean?"

After the supplies were replenished, Qin Luo Sheng ran to the Instance Dungeon and chose the Abyss Mode without hesitation. However, he was told that he had to clear the Nightmare Mode before he was qualified to challenge the Abyss Mode.

Qin Luo had a blank look on his face.

There was no such restriction when they passed the level 40 dungeon, White Bone Mountain. Why did this happen?

Although it was only a small update, it was still considered a major event. Qin Sheng entered the forum and easily found the reason.

The result left him extremely speechless.

Closely.

And this was his fault?

It was because those players were jealous of the Creation Gang Token that they were blinded by it. All of them chose high difficulty dungeons without any regard for their lives. As a result, they were tortured and died miserably.

It was their own fault, but in their anger, the players who had dropped levels, equipment, and did not earn anything did not care. They could not find the culprit, Weeping Soul, and rushed towards the pitiful officials.

The officials would definitely ignore those unreasonable requests, such as filing, compensation, and so on.

Still.

However, with some minor changes, the difficulty level of the instance dungeon was set!

The highest choice was nightmare!

Only by clearing Nightmare would one be qualified to challenge the most difficult abyss and obtain the Abyss Mode, the only special reward in every dungeon!

"F*ck, he's so bored!"

Qin Luo was rendered speechless.

However, there was nothing he could do about it. He could only settle for the second-best nightmare. He would do it once before deciding!

…

Snake God Mountain.

Although it was called a mountain, it was actually a snake cave!

Looking at its entire appearance, it was like a huge snake that had completely entrenched itself, hence its name.

Qin Luo was transported in. Looking at the snake-shaped mountain that looked like a giant dragon not far away, the boldness of a snakeman came crushing over, making his heart palpitate.

"Interesting!"

He had even cleared the Dragon Island, the Terrifying Dragon Platform, and killed the Black Dragon King. A mere snake cave was nothing.

Except.

He was just a little interested in the fact that even Nightmare Mode could put some pressure on him!

"What a pity. If the Coiling Dragon Li Water hadn't been destroyed, the Overlord Dragon Slaying Art would have dealt 1000% increased damage to the snake race. Wouldn't that be f*cking awesome?"

Now that the dragon bloodline was also crippled, the dragon's might was no longer present, and the dragon soul no longer existed. There would no longer be any suppression towards snakes, and it was very awkward.

Still.

Xiaoxiao was still here.

This was a True Dragon, a True Dragon with an extremely high bloodline. It was born with the ability to suppress the Snake Clan!

Summon Xiaoxiao!

Summoning Ice!

Qin Luo mounted his horse and galloped towards the Snake God Mountain.

This time, there was no video interpretation. According to the guide analysis, he was the only one who had reached Level 45 and was qualified to enter this dungeon. As a pioneer, he could only rely on himself to figure out everything.

[Bamboo Leaf Green (Enhanced 1-star Elite)]

Level: 45

Health Points: 20000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 30,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 100

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 10,000

Skill: [Poison Fang]

Weakness: Fire, Ice

Introduction: A poisonous snake resides in the Snake God Mountain. It mutates slowly due to the influence and evolves towards the mutants. It is extremely fast and poisonous. It is afraid of fire and ice.

"This feels so familiar!"

Qin Luo Sheng's Heavenly Eye swept over and instantly took in the surrounding situation.

This…

There seemed to be nothing special about them, but there were dozens of venomous snakes lurking in the dark. They blended in with the environment and disguised themselves very well. Just by looking at them with ordinary eyes, it was very easy to be fooled and fall into their trap. Once you entered their attack range, you would be attacked mercilessly.

What was the scariest thing about snakes?

Poison!

All kinds of snake venom!

‘ Of course.’

This was only referring to small poisonous snakes.

You have to know.

There were snakes and pythons.

That was a perverted existence that could swallow an adult whole.

In the real world, there weren't many of such species. However, in this fantasy world, there were all kinds of different species. Swallowing human pythons was simply too common!

Dozens of venomous snakes were nothing to Qin Sheng.

What interested him was the attributes of these poisonous snakes. It made him feel as though he had entered the trial grounds in the Beginner's Village. There was a similar snake cave in the beginner's dungeon.

Starting from the dark pathways that were filled with snakes, all the way to the funnel-shaped snake nest!

In the nest, there were snakes and eggs everywhere. The Boss was a demonic beast, Snake Girl!

Weak lifeforms, tyrannical attacks, and extraordinary speed!

It was like a complete replica!

He looked along the road.

There was only one path.

If he wanted to go over, he would absolutely be unable to avoid being attacked by these poisonous snakes!

Looks like…

The first stage of this dungeon hadn't even reached the foot of Snake God Mountain, but it had already started from here. Furthermore, it was a show of strength!