Chapter 803: Qin Luo'S Revenge Plan

"Are you scared?"

Mu Mu had a look of contempt on his face. “That’s right. Although Young Master Leiting suffered heavy losses last time and even caused the Thunder Union to fall from the ranks of the top 10 unions, a starving camel is still bigger than a horse. It’s normal for you to be afraid!”

"Would I be afraid?"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed from extreme anger. Although he knew that Mu Mu was trying to goad him, he was still a man. In front of the three goddesses, one of them was someone he liked to pursue, while the other was someone he had a good impression of in real life. How could he admit that he was a coward?

"I just feel that there's no point in killing Mad Thunder now!"

Qin Sheng didn't care if his points would be deducted because of his immature performance. He directly revealed his plans. "Currently, Mad Thunder is only about level 35 or so. Kill him and you'll be able to level up very quickly. Wouldn't it be better to kill him when he's at level 50? 100 million experience points. I reckon he'll cry every time I kill him! Besides, killing is only the lowest level of revenge. Killing the heart is the best strategy."

"100 million experience points?"

Mumu was stunned.

"One hundred million experience points for Level 49 to 50?"

Qing Si and Su Youran also looked over.

"That's right!"

Qin Luo was just thinking about his equipment when Mu asked him what kind of mind-killing strategy he had prepared for Mad Thunder. Who knew that this girl's brain circuit seemed to be different and her focus was a little biased. He was speechless for a while before sharing his current experience bar.

"Ah… It's really 100 million. How many monsters do we have to kill?"

Mu Mu let out a sad cry as her face scrunched up in grievance.

"Alright, stop acting. Do you want to go on a mission? If not, I'll leave by myself!"

Qin Luo took out the returning scroll and was about to crush it.

"Go away!"

Mu Mu quickly tidied up her appearance and asked again, "What is your Heart Piercing Strike? Can you reveal a little?"

"Simple!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered as a cold glint flashed through his narrowed eyes. "If you want to completely destroy a person, then destroy what he values the most. Isn't the reason why Mad Thunder is so arrogant is because of the Thunder Union and the Thunder Group in reality?"

"The Thunder Guild and the Thunder Group are now tied together, especially after the battle at the Furious Bears Ridge. They were defeated and almost collapsed. For this, they had no choice but to invest more and stabilize their power. They have completely become grasshoppers on the same rope."

"If we make a move now, we might be able to make Mad Thunder suffer and make the Thunder Guild miserable. However, we won't be able to kill them. Instead, we might be able to make the Thunder Group give up completely."

“If I don’t make a move for the time being and quietly wait for the Thunder Union to establish a gang, then spend a large amount of money to establish a gang’s territory and strengthen myself, then when I’m on the right track and about to make a profit, I’ll then make a move and destroy the gang that the Lei Family has placed their hopes on. What do you think will happen?”

Looking at the evil smile on Qin Sheng's face, Mu Mu could not help but shudder as a hint of fear appeared in his eyes!

If it was truly as Qin Luo Sheng had said, then the family would definitely fall into an abyss of eternal damnation!

The hope of the world of fate had been destroyed. The Lei Corporation in real life had been implicated and their vitality had been greatly damaged. Even if they did not go bankrupt, they would still be on the verge of destruction.

At that time.

Bankruptcy was inevitable!

After all.

Even if they could stabilize the situation, the other forces would not just watch as such a big piece of meat was placed in front of them and not take a bite.

"You're really ruthless!"

Mu Mu said with a complicated expression.

"If you're not ruthless, you won't be able to stand steadily!"

Qin Luo Sheng said without a care, "Since I'm going to do it, I'll do it thoroughly. If not for the fact that I still have some trump cards, I wouldn't have been able to pass the previous round. I've already deleted my account now!"

With that,

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about their reactions and crushed the return scroll!

…

[Mission Title: The Mercenary King's Last Wish

[Mission Introduction] Help the Mercenary King fulfill his dying wish.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Level up to Level 30 (Completed); Stage Two—Search for the Temple (Completed)

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Looking at the coordinates marked on the map, Qin Sheng could not help but frown.

They were too scattered!

There were a total of nine coordinates, and they were distributed in a certain area of the nine main cities. It was simply disgusting!

"Do you guys want to go?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked the three girls beside him, "This is a road mission!"

"Run mission!"

Mu Mu cried out in disappointment, "Then forget it. What a waste of time! Yesterday's update meant that there was a lot less time for the game today. If we don't hurry up, we won't even be able to complete three regular dungeons. We're not like you, a freak. You're only one step away from Level 50. You need a lot of experience now!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Alright, you guys go level up first!"

He did not want to go against Qin Luo, so he did not force him.

Besides.

If they followed, they would only delay the pace.

After all.

Not everyone had a legendary mount like Bing Bing!

"Qin… Weeping Soul, then I will go to the dungeon with them first!"

Su You Ran wanted to follow Qin Sheng, but she was hugged by Little Chili Mu, who called her sister sweetly. She was too embarrassed to refuse, so she could only comply.

“Mm, be careful!”

Qin Luo instructed with concern.

Even though Su Youran had already reached Level 41 and was barely in the first tier, second only to the Level 43, 44, super A-listers like Azuresilk, and her equipment was also super strong, he hadn't seen her fight in the end. He didn't know that she was just an RMB warrior and had real skills.

"Right, they don't know my real identity!"

Watching the three girls leave together, Qin Sheng hurriedly sent a secret message to Su Youran. "Don't let it slip. Also, don't reveal your identity unless you have no other choice. Otherwise, they will easily find me!"

"Okay, got it!"

…

Star Glory City.

In the Barren Forest more than five thousand kilometers east.

Qin Luo Sheng rode on Bing Bing all the way, passing through many dangers before finally reaching the designated coordinates.

Eh?

A ruined temple?

Qin Luo walked in warily.

The temple was not small. Judging from its size, it should have been prosperous for a while. Unfortunately, it had declined. It was covered in moss and weeds. It was unknown how long it had been popular for.

This was…

Goumang?

Qin Luo entered the main hall of the temple without any obstructions along the way. He immediately recognized the statue on the altar.

He was once the Arrow God of the Mercenary King's team. He was known as Goumang!

Ding… Goumang's divine soul in the Medal of Honor has released a special pulse, and his divine soul has recovered by 10%. Coordinates are formed! '

"Ding, you have obtained a special coordinate imprint. After level 50, you can be teleported here. You are limited to one time per day!"