Chapter 813: Bringing Beauty Down The Dungeon (3)

Captain: ID: Weeping Soul, Class: Berserker, Level: LV 49!

Team member: ID: Azuresilk, Class: Light Priest, Level: LV4!

Team member: ID: Mu Mu, Class: Fire Mage, Level: LV44!

Team member: ID: Yoyo My Heart, Class: Summoner, Level: LV41!

Team member: ID: Vegetable Girl, Class: Shield Warrior, Level: LV41!

Team member: ID: Indigo Collar, Class: Archer, Level: 41!

Team member: ID: Nainai, Class: Priest, Level: LV41!

Team member: ID: Cat, Class: Lightning Mage, Level: LV41!

Oh!

The class distribution was quite uniform!

Looks like…

Usually, these five girls were in the same team!

There were Shield Specialists, Priests, Mages, Detectors, Archers, Summoners!

Very comprehensive!

There was almost nothing wrong with it!

Besides.

What surprised Qin Luo was that the cute girl who looked weak and tender like she was still underage was actually a lightning mage!

Although the branches of mages were wind, thunder, water, fire, and earth, the thunder mages were the most special because the other four types of mages could change their profession unconditionally. Only the thunder mages needed certain conditions to change their profession successfully.

Not only that.

Lightning-type magic might have the strongest single-target damage, but because it was too masculine, it was too hard and easy to break. Using lightning-type magic would have a certain side effect on the player. Normal spells would naturally deduct a certain amount of health points, but powerful lightning-type spells or even forbidden spells had terrifying side effects!

"Yes, idol!"

"Brother Weihun, just tell me how to hit you!"

"Yes, yes! Don't look at how cute we are, we are experts!"

"Yes, yes, idol. Can you add me as a friend? Don't worry, I'm very obedient. I won't disturb you if there's nothing!"

Su Youran: (ﾟ > <)

Qin Sheng:…

"Sure!"

Qin Luo nodded and added Priest Nainai as his friend.

Seeing that their sisters were really going to reach the legendary Weeping Soul Friendship spot, the remaining three girls squeezed forward and begged their friends.

Qin Luo was speechless.

However, he could not favor one over the other. He could only include the entire team.

Sigh!

He was a soft-hearted man after all!

How could he allow his fans to be sad?

Especially since these fans were all pretty girls, fair, rich, and rich!

"Hmph, shameless!"

Even though he could not see Qin Sheng's expression because of the Ghost Face, as a woman, his sixth sense was extremely sharp. Mu Mu dared to guarantee that Qin Sheng would definitely be happy that he could not find his bearings right now. He muttered unhappily on the spot, feeling inexplicably uncomfortable.

"Let's go, let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng was overjoyed. As a man, he was highly sought after by girls and the quality of the girls was so high. Anyone would be happy. However, he really could not cope with such a scene. His head hurt so much that he quickly changed the topic.

Then.

He did not care about what happened next. He walked forward and left first!

"Wow, is this the Almighty? He's so cool!"

"This is what a man should be like! Hmph, those little boys surrounding me are too childish!"

"Brother Weeping Soul, my husband!"

"Get lost, it's my husband. Little girl, you really don't know shame!"

Su Youran: (Σ (° ๑)

Fireproof, theftproof, and best friend protection!

Today.

How careless!

I really shouldn't have believed the integrity of these love-struck fools!

Damn it!

Su Youran was different from before. Mu Mu pursed her lips unhappily. Her black hair was still the same as before. However, her usually deep eyes were now sparkling brightly. No one knew what she was thinking!

As for 'culprit' Qin Sheng!

He had to leave this place as soon as possible!

Men.

They all liked girls!

This was especially true for young men who had little or no experience. They were at the age where they were hot-blooded and yearned for women and X.

Qin Luo Sheng was the same.

Yet.

The harem, the Sea King, the Master of Time Management…

These things!

It was too far away from him!

To be precise.

It was too far away from his thoughts!

He was not a rich second-generation heir who grew up in a honey pot and was used to all kinds of temptations. He was just an ordinary person!

Except.

Now that his thoughts had not changed, it might not be the same in the future!

Men might be able to resist the temptation of power, the temptation of money, the temptation of treasures and wine… but they would never be able to resist the temptation of beauty!

Besides.

A man chasing a woman, separated by a mountain!

A woman chasing a man was like a veil!

Du Qiangwei, who had given him a taste of women today, had always been using and deceiving each other. There was only desire and no emotion, let alone love.

So.

He was destined to be a jerk!

In the future, her spouse would definitely not be Du Qiangwei. Regardless of her family background, character, charisma, looks, figure, and so on, she would still be top-notch. Furthermore, she would be very… smooth!

Heroes were destined to be worshipped and admired by others, especially beautiful women. Since ancient times, heroes were loved!

Qin Luo Sheng did not think of himself as a hero, but it was undeniable that in the eyes of others, he was a hero, especially in the eyes of the majority of the players in the China warzone. No matter how bad he was, in the eyes of girls, he was still a strong person, an absolute strong person without a doubt.

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, wait for me. Don't attract too many monsters. Otherwise, when I heal, the monsters' aggro will be transferred to me!"

Nainai shouted after him.

"This… is a little scary!"

Looking at Qin Luo riding on Bing Bing and attracting at least 50 skeletons in such a short period of time, the shield-bearer vegetable girl wanted to cry.

In the entire team.

She was the only Shield Warrior who had to tank the monsters!

This was an Abyss Mode dungeon. Even if her equipment was extremely good and she had two Priests beside her (Black Hair and Nainai), she could only tank two at the same time.

"Don't worry, Big Brother Weeping Soul will be fine!”

Qin Luo was the only petite and cute girl called Brother Sheng. She looked pink and tender, like a thunder mage cat who was still underage but had an extremely bad temper. Her voice was as soft as a mosquito as she spoke. Her pair of eyes that were as bright as stars looked at the blue mutant qilin, Bing Bing, who had a cool appearance, as if there were stars twinkling in them.

"You…"

The only royal sister in the five-man team, together with Su Youran's ID, Yoyo, was Indigo Collar. He held an Epic-ranked + 8 longbow in his hand (which could be judged from the glow of the equipment and the halo surrounding it). He was wearing a wild Archer's equipment. That explosive figure was not something that could be hidden by the simple and wild equipment. It revealed a large area of snow-white skin, exquisite collarbone, deep ravine, slender waist, and two long legs that were at least 1.3 meters long…

It was eye-catching and breathtaking!