Chapter 812: Bringing Beauty Down The Dungeon (2)

Now.

What bound Qin Sheng was only his three outlooks. He had received a good education since he was young, and his three outlooks on peace and protection. However, if someone were to destroy this beauty and release the ferocious tiger in his heart, then blood would flow like rivers right before his eyes.

Also…

The parents and siblings of his previous self were also one of the reasons why he had to be cautious!

Otherwise…

The sky was high and the sea vast.

With his current abilities and the help of the Dreadfiend Wheel, as long as it wasn’t a national machine, who could stop him?

Beep beep beep!

Qin Luo's communicator rang again. Su Youran's sweet and playful voice rang in his ears. "We're ready. We're heading towards the teleportation array now. What are you doing? Come quickly!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "Coming right up!"

He withdrew his thoughts.

Qin Luo Sheng tidied up his backpack. He had basically not touched the potions and supplies that he had replenished previously. After all, he had only gone down the Nightmare Mode Snake Mountain once. The difficulty was not high. He had basically not used any potions the entire time. He had only eaten some food because of his hunger!

As for equipment and whatnot, the wear and tear was not big, and the durability was very high. There was no need to repair it!

So.

Let's go!

He quickly rushed to the teleportation matrix!

As the most popular place at the moment, the teleportation team of the Instance Dungeon would always be crowded regardless of the time period.

Even so, Qin Luo Sheng saw Qing Si and the others immediately!

He had no choice.

The average looks of the group of girls were not below 90 points, especially Qing Si, who was a terrifying existence with close to perfect scores. Where would such a group of goddesses not be a beautiful scenery, and be admired by everyone?

Only Qing Si and Mu Mu were from the Elegance Library, so no one dared to act rashly.

The group of people were equipped with shining equipment. It was obvious that they were either experts or tycoons. Ordinary men would not dare to approach them!

"Here! Here!"

Even though Qin Luo was currently in fashion mode and was wearing a mask, the other girls who were very familiar with him still noticed him immediately. There was nothing he could do about it. His disposition was too unique, like a crane amongst a flock of chickens. It was hard not to be discovered!

"Damn!"

Being greeted by a few devastatingly beautiful girls and with sweet smiles on their faces, Qin Sheng instantly became the center of attention. To be precise, he became the target of public criticism.

Countless gazes shot over, either from afar or near. Jealousy, resentment, envy, doubt, doubt… It simply made people feel at a loss, as if they were about to melt. Even Qin Sheng, who had encountered this situation countless times, could not take it!

"Tsk!"

Stroking his nose, Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and changed his form. Instantly, his low-key and introverted fashion mode changed into battle mode. The glittering Holy Dragon Set revolved around the purple halo, causing the entire noisy world to fall silent!

Nobody knew that the Holy Dragon Set was not on the equipment ranking.

Yet.

Having lost the only Mythical weapon, Coiling Dragon Li Water, the absolute symbol of Weeping Souls, the incomparably ferocious demon mask, Ghost Face, was enough to make children stop crying. Even if someone could imitate it, they wouldn't be able to do so. It was as though they were sucked into an illusion, as though they were seeing the special effects of the Hell of Avicinaraka.

The Legendary mask [Ghost Face], a Legendary Set, and an imposing aura were no different from the figures seen in countless videos!

There was nothing to say.

This was definitely a Weeping Soul Beast!

In an instant.

After a moment of silence, all the players around the teleportation circle went wild.

"Weeping Soul!"

"Weeping Soul!"

"Weeping Soul!"

"…"

Countless people shouted loudly as if they had gone crazy. They were like NC fans who had seen their idols. Some of them were even more fanatical, as if they were religious believers who had seen their god descend!

Damn!

Qin Luo Sheng had not expected himself to be so popular and was shocked on the spot!

"Let's go!"

His aura burst forth as his body opened up a path.

Relying on the special effects of the [Ghost Face] and the additional Reputation of the Weeping Soul Technique, Qin Sheng walked forward quickly and squeezed through the crowd to meet up with Qing Si and the others!

"Enter the dungeon, quick!"

Looking at the numerous players surrounding him, Qin Sheng confirmed Black Hair's party invitation. After the team leader chose the dungeon difficulty, he instantly clicked on teleportation and disappeared!

…

"Ah… Weeping Soul, it's really Weeping Soul!"

"Boohoo… I'm not dreaming. That's great!"

"Youyou, you've kept us in the dark for so long. Damn it!"

"Hello, Brother Weeping Soul. I'm your idol. No, you're my fan. Ah, no. Ahwooh, what am I saying?"

Qin Sheng:…

Looking at the four beautiful girls in front of him, whether they were pretty girls from humble families or mature ladies, they were all like little fangirls. Their eyes were filled with stars and they were all incoherent. The corners of their mouths twitched.

"Hello!"

This happiness came too suddenly!

As a loser, Qin Luo Sheng had come into contact with many chicks and even had intimate contact with the real goddess Du Qiangwei. However, he had never faced such a situation before. A group of cute, pretty, and devilish girls surrounded him with worshipful looks, sweet voices, and soft voices…

Tsk!

My unfettered charm is a sin!

"You little lechers, do you know shame!?"

Su Youran was furious!

She did not expect her best friend to be so unsightly. Where was her usual goddess-like demeanor? Where was her aloofness? Who was the one who said that men were trash? What? So it turned out that she did not meet the right person! Once she did, how was she any different from those love-struck girls you all spoke of?

Especially.

He had come here first, so why was he excluded now?

Was he inviting a wolf into his house?

"Hey hey, are you guys here to dungeon or are you here to talk about love?"

Su Youran was so aggrieved that she didn't know what to say. After all, they were best friends, but Mu Mu was different. She was a little angry and also a little jealous as she shouted, "Damn playboy!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

What the fuck does this have to do with me?

From the beginning to the end, I only gave a greeting. It was a formal greeting, like an idol greeting a fan. Three words: Hello!

How can you blame me for this?

Fickle-minded?

It was a huge injustice!

I've lived two lifetimes in my previous and current life, and I've only been bedridden for less than a week. Moreover, I've only tasted one woman. How can this be called being fickle?

He was a saint, alright?

"How about we enter the dungeon?"

Qin Sheng massaged his temples in pain as he watched the girls shift their firepower. He said helplessly, "Talking while grinding?"