Chapter 819: Lightly Taking Daoist Snake, The Embrace Of The God Of Death

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Heart of Glory!"

“Spirit of the Flower Goddess!”

“Undying Battle Will!”

"…"

With such a formidable enemy, Qin Sheng did not dare to hide anything. He immediately brought out his peak strength!

When all the augmentation skills were secured, he would use Mana Conversion to convert the magic attacks into physical attacks. His strength would increase once again!

"Interesting!"

Daoist Snake's eyes sparkled as he looked at Qin Sheng. That covetous look on his face was as if he was looking at a rare treasure. "The charm is restrained and there are many kinds of power of laws within the body. Even though it's very weak, it does exist."

"Brat, you really know how to bring surprises to This Seat! First, you're a pure-blooded true dragon, and now, the power of many powerhouses is stored in your body. You must be hiding a lot of secrets. Hahahaha… Are you one of those bald donkeys that came from the west and call themselves Buddhas? How great! Your physical body is utilizing and sacrificing yourself to fulfill This Seat's wish. This Seat will accept it without any reservations!"

Qin Luo shuddered upon hearing this!

Was this old fellow a freak?

That was true!

All dragons and snakes loved each other!

Or else.

Daoist Snake wouldn't have fought with him for the sake of finding a mate. In the end, he died and his body turned into a divine snake mountain. His soul was sealed at the peak of the mountain and he only woke up after activating the runic array formation.

"Don't be so sure, or you might bite your tongue!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand and said coldly, "Old man, are you prepared to be hacked to death for coveting my secrets?"

"Hahaha…"

Daoist Snake laughed. His laughter was extremely unrestrained, and his laughter was filled with disdain. "Little brat, you really boast shamelessly! Looks like I've been hiding for too long and my reputation isn't renowned in the world. Any Tom, Dick or Harry dares to clamor at me!"

"Cut the crap!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not willing to engage in a verbal battle with this fellow and waste his hard-earned precious time on augmentation. He raised the Sacred Dragon Sword and charged forward like a boorish man. "Come and fight!"

As an ancient beast!

Daoist Snake's abilities were definitely extraordinary. Furthermore, he was very crafty. His moves were far more than the three seen by the Heavenly Eye. The three exposed ones were when the health points of the system were 50%, 30% and 10%, which was enough to reverse Gan Kun's explosive moves.

In normal battles, there would be many small abilities.

Normal BOSSes did not need to care about such things.

However, when it came to the Legendary stage like Daoist Snake, it was extremely powerful. Perhaps a small skill could consign the players to eternal damnation!

"Hunting Tiger!"

With a tiger's roar, he struck first!

Qin Luo Sheng could not figure out Daoist Snake's tricks. Right now, based on his attributes, he could only know that this fellow was proficient in both Dao and Demonic. Under the circumstances where he did not know the background of Daoist Snake, there was no need for him to hold back. He had to gain the upper hand first.

Originally, Qin Luo's fighting style was also known for its ferocity.

What was tough?

It was not just because he was like a lunatic in battle, but also because he was very fast in every battle. There were no players fighting the Boss at all. He was soft and hardy, relying on potions and other external items to grind himself to death!

‘ Of course.’

This was also because Qin Sheng's augmentation skills lasted too short a time and could not give him the ability to use force!

Hunting Tiger activated!

Even someone as powerful as Daoist Snake was intimidated by his divine might. His attack power instantly decreased by 30%!

Yet.

After all, it was an Enhanced Legendary Boss. Even Hunting Tiger's ability could not control it for five seconds!

"Two seconds? That's enough!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath and immediately executed a Holy Dragon Carnage Slash. In a second, he executed seven strikes horizontally. Even though the damage was fixed at 300%, the attack power of Qin Luo Sheng now was terrifying. With the seven strikes, he directly cut off Daoist Snake's HP by close to 4 million. On average, one strike was about 500,000. It was simply explosive!

Don't underestimate this damage!

Daoist Snake's physical defense was as high as 150,000 points. It was impressive that he could achieve this!

"Holy Dragon Rage!"

He quickly casted the skill, instantly increasing his attack speed by 100%!

Immediately after.

Qin Luo's sword danced wildly and violently, pouring onto Daoist Snake!

"Brat, you're courting death!"

After two seconds of dizziness, Daoist Snake woke up very quickly. He was furious when he saw Qin Sheng attacking him furiously.

"Courting death? Indeed, you are courting death. However, the one courting death is you, not me!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved his feet continuously and easily avoided Daoist Snake's attack. He straightened his body and squinted his eyes. Under the Heavenly Eye, Daoist Snake's current attributes were completely defenseless and he was seen through thoroughly.

Total Health Points: 450,000 +. In the two seconds just now, Daoist Snake's Health Points had been cut by more than five million with the Seven Swords of the Holy Dragon Slash and Five Swords of the Flat Cut!

This number!

Very sensitive!

It was exactly 10%!

“What are you going to do?”

Daoist Snake had originally wanted to launch a surprise attack on Qin Sheng, but he suddenly stopped in his tracks. Sensing the evil smile on Qin Sheng's face at this moment, the boundless black light emitting from his body was even purer than those of the ancient demons he had seen before. He was instantly dumbfounded. "You, who exactly are you?"

Daoist She asked from the soul.

Qin Luo Sheng turned a deaf ear.

Instead, he was immersed in his own consciousness and connected to the Death God!

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

Skills!

The Appearance of the Death God!

King of the Underworld, God of Death.

Such an expert was definitely a Highgod, or even one of the Overgods, especially one that a mere ancient serpent could compare to!

As soon as the Death Laws appeared, all living beings would submit.

"Who are you?"

Daoist Snake looked at the Death God phantom that blotted out the sky and blotted out the sun. Its entire body emitted a thick Death Energy, and he felt as though his soul was about to be pulverized. "The power of a superior law is the Law of Death. Are you a Death God?"

The Death God image did not answer!

Not every time Qin Sheng used the embrace of death, the will of the Grim Reaper would descend. The first two times, it was because of the presence of the Dragon God's power that attracted the Grim Reaper. The second time was because of the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. The aura of countless experts made the Grim Reaper curious and came out to take a look!

As for Daoist Snake.

He was not qualified enough for the will of the Death God to take action personally!

"The embrace of Death!"

Qin Luo Sheng answered Daoist Snake's question on behalf of the Grim Reaper.

A loud roar sounded.

The God of Death opened his arms and embraced the lost believers like a merciful god, giving them the care of their god.

Being blessed by God was something that anyone could only dream of!

Yet.

Daoist Snake, who was the person in question, had such thoughts.

Not only was he not honored, he was filled with despair.

Because.

The one who was about to embrace him was Death!

When Qin Luo recited the name of Death, Daoist Snake instantly understood.

To have such power of darkness and to have such a profound comprehension of the Law of Death, who else could it be other than the Death God of the Netherworld?

"I'm not convinced!"

Daoist Snake, who had fallen into the embrace of Death, opened his eyes wide and let out a cry of despair.