Chapter 811: Bringing Beauty Down The Dungeon (1)

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 52 Epic BOSS Titan Python. EXP gained: 1,500W + Reputation Points: 7,000! '

It was only when the system notification sounded that Qin Sheng's tense nerves relaxed.

Ignoring the filthy snake blood, he picked up all the equipment and items dropped by the Titan Python.

The first time he was killed, there was no exception.

Two pieces of Epic equipment, four pieces of Gold equipment, and the rest were completely ignored!

The Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins were indispensable to the Boss.

What made Qin Sheng the happiest was that not only were there two Advanced Augmenting Gems, there was also a seven-colored spirit crystal dropped!

Awesome!

Ding… congratulations on collecting damaged snake skin * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Snake Bone * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Poisonous Snake Meat * 99! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting 10,000 year snake gallbladder * 1.

Ding…

He collected them.

Snake meat, snake bones, snake skin, snake eyes, snake gallbladder… As long as it was on a snake, Qin Luo Sheng had collected all of them into his backpack. When a goose flies, it leaves its feathers; when a person passes by it, it leaves its skin. It was nothing more than that. It was true perfection!

"Where are you?"

He took out his communicator and sent a message to Su Youran.

"Mu Mu and I are shopping!"

Su Youran replied instantly, "Are you done?"

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and replied, "You guys go and make preparations first. We'll gather at the teleportation array!"

He hung up.

Qin Luo pondered for a moment but still could not suppress his curiosity and stepped onto the peak.

The overall structure of the Snake God Mountain was the Python Pan Mountain!

The snake path he had taken earlier was the spiral staircase formed by the python's body.

Now.

After walking down the stairs and down the snake path, they stepped into a mountain surrounded by snakes!

The top of the mountain was flat. Although it was not absolutely flat, the terrain was rugged and the highest point was not more than five meters. It could be considered a "platform"!

"No reaction?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the head of the towering python that seemed to be fighting against the heavens. After not sensing anything amiss, he stepped forward and began to explore the peak.

Except.

After walking around, there was nothing at all.

"The Titan Python is definitely not the final boss!"

Qin Luo frowned. "That's true. This is only Nightmare Difficulty. The Titanic Python is not the final boss of the Snake God Mountain dungeon, but the final boss of Nightmare Difficulty. There shouldn't be anything wrong with this!—Forget it, after I've gathered all the things I want, I'll come and challenge the Abyss Mode again!"

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Luo, who had already changed into his fashion form, appeared at the resurrection point of Star Glory City.

"Is there anyone on your side?" Su Youran asked. "Are the four of us going to the dungeon?"

"No!" Qin Luo replied, "If you have friends, you can call them over too!"

Bringing one person was waiting, but bringing a group was the same!

In any case, the Abyss Mode's White Bone Mountain dungeon and personal rewards had already been taken. The most he could do was level up and farm equipment. Qin Luo Sheng was also willing to do Su Youran a favor.

"Alright, I have a few good sisters. Bring them along!"

Su Youran said happily, "They're all fair, rich, and beautiful. Each of them is prettier than the other, and their figures are good too. Their family background is also quite good. Oh, right, their idol is you too! If they knew that their idol would personally bring them to the dungeon, they would definitely be overjoyed! Hehe!"

Qin Sheng:…

Indeed.

This world was fair and cruel!

Fairy tales were ultimately just fairy tales!

Class was an insurmountable hurdle!

There was indeed love and friendship that transcended classes, but it was as rare as phoenix feathers and unicorn horns. It was pitifully rare, and most of it did not end well!

The only way to break through the barrier was to work hard, work hard to improve himself and rise to a higher level!

Society was cruel.

Friendships without mutual benefits would not exist. Even if there were, it would not last long!

His meeting with Su Youran was just an accident.

Qin Luo had saved his life and evolved into a superhuman charm. That was why he had offered his friendship!

Otherwise…

A loser like him would never be able to become friends with such a fair, rich, and beautiful woman!

‘ Look if you don’t believe me.’

The friends and close friends they were talking about were all fair, rich and beautiful. Furthermore, all of them were wealthy and had monstrous backgrounds!

This was the level restriction!

"By the way, don't expose my real identity. I hate trouble!"

Qin Luo instructed once more worriedly.

"Got it!"

Su Youran replied cheekily.

Not exposed?

How was that possible!

Back then, he had already been so cautious, but Du Qiangwei had still managed to deduce his identity.

Du Qiangwei was not the only smart person in this world.

There was no way to hide the truth!

Perhaps many people already knew that he was Qin Sheng.

Nothing else.

For a woman like Du Qiangwei, she had allies and enemies. It was impossible for her to not be monitored.

Now.

He was by Du Qiangwei's side, in Du Qiangwei's secret villa. For such a strange man to suddenly appear, even an idiot would know that he was not simple and would definitely go and make arrangements.

In reality, Qin Sheng was a loser. There was no information that could be dug out. But in the world of fate, the Weeping Soul and Rose would be mixed together with the Scarlet Rose. Even a retard could guess that Qin Sheng was the famous Weeping Soul!

"This is a little troublesome!"

Even though Qin Luo did not know exactly how capable Du Qiangwei was, or even how capable the Du family was, it was absolutely impossible for her to suppress the entire country by herself. Therefore, he was not absolutely safe!

"Looks like I have to speed up!"

Qin Luo Sheng had never liked to entrust his orders to others. He had no choice now, but he already had a plan. It was just that he still needed time.

His body was constantly being transformed. As his level and strength increased in the game, he was also becoming stronger in reality!

Except.

This progress was still too slow!

Qin Luo Sheng remembered very clearly that the few leaps in his strength had either caused the Lord of the Stars to level up, the Sky Martial, the Sacred Body, the Spirit Flash, and the Mind Attribute to evolve into innate abilities that represented strength, physique, agility, and spirit attributes, or the successful Class Advancement…

Anyway.

Only with great changes would there be great improvements!

Now.

The Lord of the Stars needed to kill a Mythical Boss and drop the [Mythical Mark] before he could level up again. He did not know how to upgrade his four innate Awakening skills. The only thing he could see was that he was about to reach Level 50 and complete his third promotion!

Although he did not know how much he could improve his abilities in reality after his third promotion, Qin Sheng did not have a better choice. He could only choose to believe it.

‘ Of course.’

The situation had not reached its most critical point.

Now.

Du Qiangwei could still protect him!

Besides.

Even those forces that knew of his identity might not necessarily have ill intentions. After all, he was Weeping Soul Beast, the current NP.1 of Fate World, at least on the surface.

Roping in such an expert was far better than destroying or making enemies!

As long as people were greedy and had selfish desires, then Qin Sheng could make use of it and feign civility to buy more time for himself. For example, his current collaboration with Du Qiangwei!

"Don't push me too far!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes shone with a thick, violent aura. "Otherwise, we'll all fight to the death. No one will have an easy time!"