Chapter 817: Entering The Flames Of The Snake Mountain Camp Again

"Help!"

"Help!"

"…"

Countless cries suddenly rang out, waking up the snakes who were chasing Qin Sheng.

"Oh no, this is a diversion!"

The Snake-People general, who was the leader of the pursuing troops, looked at the blazing fire behind him and his expression changed drastically. Only then did he come to his senses.

"That bastard!"

Looking at Qin Luo's unhurried back view in front of him, the Snake-Person General was filled with resentment. No wonder he had felt that it was a little strange just now. So it was like this. Qin Luo was originally extremely fast and could have easily escaped, but he pretended as if his speed was insufficient and his stamina was insufficient. He gave them hope and made them feel that they could catch up with him if they put in a little more effort. Who knew that this time, he had struck a hundred million times. He was fishing to buy time for his accomplices.

"Go back and put out the fire!"

Their headquarters had been ambushed. At this moment, the snakeman general couldn't care less about the bait. He hurriedly led the pursuing troops back to rescue the fire!

“Dragon, how could it be a dragon?”

At this moment, the Snake-People Tribe was ablaze with flames. In the central areas and densely packed areas, other than the tribal chiefs' tents, the Snake-People's barracks and other areas that were easily exposed were relatively safe. The other places had long been arranged by Qin Sheng.

That hour-long setup was not wasted!

Put out the fire?

Save my ass!

Not to mention flammable kerosene and explosive gunpowder, these snakemen were not capable of resolving it at all. Even if they had a way to save the fire, Qin Sheng and Xiaoxiao were not mere decorations. How could they watch as their "fruits of labor" were destroyed?

Snakeman tribe!

It was destined to be extinguished today, buried in raging flames!

"Since you've chosen to return to the Sea of Fire, there's no need to come out again!"

Seeing that the fire was irreversible, Qin Luo hurriedly called Xiaoxiao back.

Right now, Xiaoxiao was at the same level as him. Even though she had the body of a True Dragon and was at the Legendary level, she was still a pet of the players. Unlike the Boss, her health points were calculated based on the players' level. Facing the enraged Lillend Tribe, it was easy for her to be attacked by the masses if she started a fire at a low altitude!

"Guard this place, kill whoever comes out, kill whoever comes out!"

Qin Luo carried the Sacred Dragon Sword and the summoned Xiaoxiao to guard the entrance of the Snake-People Tribe.

Before.

He had planned meticulously to bypass the Snake-People guards guarding this place and enter the tribe. But now, the affairs of the world were unpredictable. The Snake-People wanted to come out, but he came to guard it instead!

Snake!

A cold-blooded animal!

Afraid of fire!

Afraid of high temperatures!

At the same time.

He was also afraid of extreme cold!

Although the Snake-People were different from ordinary snakes, they still retained their snake genes. While they inherited the advantages of snakes, they also had their weaknesses!

Besides.

Now, it was not as simple as an ordinary fire. It was a sea of fire, a sea of fire!

The crisp sound of the prompt continuously rang in Qin Luo's ears.

It was the sound of experience flooding the screen!

"Comfortable!"

Qin Luo turned into an Asura and activated his augmentation skill. Like a god of death, he blocked all the Snake-People at the entrance of the tribe that was already burning up.

The Snake People who were in extreme grief and indignation dragged their battered bodies along. Some of them were even stained with flames that had yet to be extinguished. Like trapped beasts, they charged towards Qin Luo Sheng.

It was for revenge!

It was also for survival!

Because.

Behind Qin Qin Sheng, his enemy, was the only way out of the sea of fire!

"A defeated soldier dares to speak?"

The Holy Flame was activated, and the split damage appeared.

The door, which was not very wide to begin with, was completely enveloped by Qin Sheng's divided attack range. How could his already crippled body block such a violent attack? In addition, there was a True Dragon Little Tiny beside him to take damage.

Charge, charge, charge again!

An endless and sorrowful suicide attack, with countless corpses piled up, almost blocked the door.

If not for the domineering dragon breath that even burnt the corpses to ashes, this place would have been piled up like a mountain!

Ten minutes!

Qin Luo had been killed for a full ten minutes.

Finally.

Accompanied by a loud collapsing sound, the building that represented the highest authority of the Snake-People Tribe, the Chief, also collapsed!

Apart from the sound of flames burning, there was no other sound in the huge Snake-People Tribe.

"It's a pity that so many equipment and props turned into ashes!"

Qin Luo exhaled when he saw the last line of the battle log.

His battle tactic was effective and successful!

During the Three Kingdoms period, Lu Xun set fire to eight hundred miles of the camp and burned away the foundation of Liu Bei. Now, Qin Sheng was not bad either!

Even though they had only burned a small tribe and their momentum was not comparable to that of the burning camp, their momentum was not weak either!

"Xiaoxiao, put out the fire!"

Looking at the snakeman tribe that had been reduced to rubble, no one should be able to survive such a huge fire. Even the chief of the snakeman tribe had died in the fire. Qin Sheng immediately ordered the small fire to be extinguished.

The dragon race was the king of the water. Even the mermaid race and the Naga race were vassals of the dragon race in ancient times. They were close to all elements. Extinguishing fire was a piece of cake!

In a flash!

The flames were extinguished by the small water magic!

White smoke rose!

Qin Luo did not rush in.

At this moment.

After extinguishing the flames, the high temperature inside was extremely terrifying. It was like a steamer. He did not want to suffer!

After a while!

After the temperature had dropped and he was sure that there were no problems, Qin Sheng then headed towards the tent of the Snake Chief!

After finding the direction with ease, he entered the Snake Path and officially ascended the Snake God Mountain!

There was nothing much to say on the Snake Path. Although there was only one path from the bottom to the top, it was also divided into areas. Each area was filled with monsters. It could be considered as the type of checkpoint for ordinary dungeons!

‘ Of course.’

The difference was that in front of them were the checkpoints formed by monsters and Bosses. Once they reached halfway up the mountain and entered the back half, the Snake-People would turn into Mutant Snakes. That was the checkpoints and Bosses. There would no longer be any minions!

At the same time.

The entire Snake-People patrol team was covered in Snake-People. From the first two teams to the last ten people, it was disgusting!

It would be better if they were alone. The most terrifying thing was that when you were fighting the Boss, these guys would come patrolling and join the battle to deal with you together with the Boss!

Advance! Advance!

Although the monsters in the abyss mode were much stronger, Qin Sheng did not notice them.

Even though there were no surprises or dangers along the way, it still took about five hours. It was far more difficult than a nightmare!

He used the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash to cut off the sleeping Titanic Python's body and killed it on the spot!

Then…

He stepped onto the peak of Snake God Mountain.

"I'm back again!"