Chapter 815: Loyal Dog Du Mingfang, Demon Qin Sheng

Another instance dungeon!

The few chicks finished grading at Bai Gu mountain three times a day. Qin Sheng had also grinded twice, so there was still one more time left. However, looking at the time, it was already close to 8 pm, so they had no intention of continuing!

Normally,

Sleep your ass and get high!

But today.

The situation was different!

Because.

They had just established two gangs today!

Eh?

What did this have to do with him?

Cough cough!

That.

It was quite a big deal!

After all.

That woman, Du Qiangwei, had taken the founding warrant from him!

As for the conditions!

Hmm!

Three nights!

He had enjoyed the night before yesterday!

He was alone in his room yesterday!

They had already made an appointment today!

As for the last night.

That would depend on his mood!

"Eat meat! Eat meat!"

Qin Luo Sheng got up from the gaming chamber in an extremely good mood. Especially when he thought of Du Qiangwei's voluptuous figure and the boundless charm that bloomed under extreme desire, allowing his spirit and desire to blend together and obtain the supreme pinnacle of enjoyment, he could not help but feel his heart burn!

It was a cold shower!

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the room in his loose summer clothes.

They arrived at the dining room.

The helper had already instructed the chef to prepare the food. Qin Sheng did not stand on ceremony and sat down to eat heartily.

It had to be said.

This privately hired chef was really awesome!

This was especially true for a chef who had spent a large sum of money to be hired by a powerful and influential young mistress like Du Qiangwei. Naturally, it wouldn't be that simple. Even if she wasn't proficient in the eight major cuisines, she was at least very knowledgeable in two to three cuisines. Furthermore, she was knowledgeable in both the Chinese and foreign cuisines. She could also cook foreign cuisines well and frequently change the taste.

"Sigh, as expected of the extravagance of the rich. I haven't even f*cking learned anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought of himself and his current net worth of over a billion. And that was only cash. In addition to the properties of Mansion Number One in the nine main cities of Fate World, Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Nine Food Immortals, and so on, all these assets added up could be sold for a few billion. However, even though he was obviously so rich, his thinking couldn't keep up. Even a private chef was so emotional. It was simply embarrassing.

He had enough to eat and drink!

Taking advantage of his tipsy state, Qin Luo Sheng's spirits rose by 30% once more. He staggered towards Du Qiangwei's room.

He knew.

Du Qiangwei would never take the initiative to go to his room, so he took the initiative today!

Humans, regardless of whether they were men or women, preferred the new over the old. They also looked forward to something new!

Even though enjoyment was the same, it was not a good thing to stay in his room all the time. Was it uncomfortable to sneak into the goddess's room?

“What are you doing?”

When they arrived at Du Qiangwei's room, Du Mingfang, who had been waiting there for a long time, suddenly became nervous. She sternly stopped Qin Sheng's footsteps, wanting to enter her Miss's room.

"What do you think I'm doing?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Even before he had gone offline, Qin Luo had already been notified, and Qin Luo knew that even if this woman didn't turn her back on him, she absolutely wouldn't let him go so easily. She would definitely go back on her word!

Besides.

He had just established a gang and was indeed very busy. Not to mention today, he might be busy for the next week!

‘ Of course.’

This speech was of no use to Qin Sheng.

As a boss, he had to do everything himself?

Who are you trying to bluff!

He just needed to grasp the general direction!

It had been half a day since the establishment of the clan. The things that only the clan leader could do must have been done long ago. Although there were many other things, it was not impossible for the clan leader!

With Du Qiangwei's capabilities, she had many capable people under her. She just needed to inform them. If there was really an emergency, they could contact her again. Now, there was no time limit for the game. She could go up whenever she wanted and play as long as she wanted. What was there to be afraid of?

"Miss is busy. She has just established a gang. There are too many things to do. She has already instructed me that she will not go offline for the next few days. Don't disturb her!"

Du Mingfang looked at Qin Sheng with a smile that was not quite a smile, and her scalp went numb. However, when she thought about how her young miss had been defiled by this stinky man in front of her, and it was even twice, she immediately became unyielding!

How arrogant was his Miss?

The eldest daughter of the Du family, a genius in the business world… She had never been lecherous towards men. Even though she had come into contact with countless men because of her business and family, she had never been taken advantage of.

And now?

It was destroyed by this devil-like man!

It was all because of that nightmarish afternoon!

He had gone to search for Weeping Souls' real identity and was prepared to fight for cooperation. However, he never expected that he would be forced by the evil man who released supernatural powers.

With the first time, there would be a second time!

The second time was not coercion, but it was no different from coercion. On the contrary, it was even more despicable. He had grasped what Miss needed and threatened her with it!

She was very united!

The young lady, who had never suffered before, sacrificed herself to feed the tiger for her own future. She was forcefully manipulated by this beast who did not have any tender feelings for the fairer sex until dawn. As a result, her entire body went limp the next day, and she could not even walk properly.

Now.

He's here again!

Bastard!

It had only been a day!

Could he let her rest? How could her delicate body withstand such torture?

"Don't give me that. Before going offline, I already informed Du Qiangwei!"

In the face of Du Mingfang's sorrowful and pleading expression, Qin Sheng was unmoved. He said coldly, "You must know the inside story to be able to guard the door! I'll give you five minutes now. Go and wake Du Qiangwei up. Otherwise, don't blame me for using force!"

"No! This is impossible!"

Du Mingfang refused without thinking.

"Alright! I'll go in myself then!"

Qin Qin Sheng said, "That's good as well. This is a matter between me and Du Qiangwei. The intimacy between us is mutually beneficial, and our spiritual desires are intertwined. Naturally, there's no need for outsiders to interfere. It's better for me to personally carry her out of the gaming chamber!"

"Please, let Miss go!"

Du Mingfang suddenly begged, "If you really need a woman, I can arrange it for you. You can have any type you want. A stewardess, a celebrity, a teacher, a female doctor… even, I, I can do it too!"

"You're really a loyal dog!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Du Mingfang who was gritting her teeth in astonishment. Her face was alternating between green and red as she spoke seriously.

This was not mockery or ridicule, but lament and praise!

"Move aside!"

Except.

No matter how inhumane Qin Sheng was, he would never do such a beastly thing and implicate the innocent!

As a man, he indeed liked women. Du Mingfang was also a woman who could score 90 points. She was good-looking and had a good figure. Furthermore, she was wearing a suit and looked very capable. She could be considered as a uniform seduction. She was very attractive!

"I can do it, I can do it. Don't worry, I'm still a virgin. I promise I'll satisfy you!"

Seeing that Qin Sheng wanted to force his way in, Du Mingfang suddenly gritted her teeth and tears welled up in her eyes. However, she exerted strength in her hands and tore apart her expensive custom-made suit, revealing her snow-white and tender skin, and her exquisite and curvaceous body.

Du Mingfang, who had torn off her jacket and was only left with her undergarments, had a look of humiliation in her eyes. However, she still forced a smile. As a martial artist, her tall and straight body was bent, and her unyielding knees were weak.

her.

He knelt down.

With trembling hands, he reached for Qin Luo's pants.