Chapter 818: Daoist Snake

Qin Luo's senses were completely different now that he had once more stepped onto the peak of Snake God Mountain!

Abyss Mode, this was much more realistic than Nightmare Mode. No, it should be much more realistic. Or rather, it was completely real!

Besides.

This wasn't like the last time.

Last time, he stood there without any reaction!

This was because the final Boss of Nightmare Difficulty was the Titan Python. Even if it could reach the peak of Snake God Mountain, the subsequent Bosses and plots would not appear again!

But this was Abyss Mode!

Furthermore, it was an individual Abyss Mode. Snake God Mountain would open up everything!

Even though Qin Luo Sheng did not see anything, the immense might flowing in the air already made him feel uncomfortable!

"This Boss is at least at the Legendary level!"

Qin Sheng was already familiar with the countless Bosses he had killed. He made his judgment right away.

Qin Sheng tightened his grip on the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand and instructed Xiaoxiao to stand guard at the side. He controlled the ice and moved forward slowly.

The area was still the same as before. The laughing, shape, and planning had not changed at all. Qin Sheng had already familiarized himself with it the last time he was here, so he was no stranger to it.

Except.

Last time, there was no follow-up plot. He did not know what triggered the mechanism to lure the final Boss out. Just like the level 40 dungeon, White Bone Mountain, there was a bronze altar with the Blood Demon Pearl as the trigger point!

Eh?

Runes?

Qin Sheng slowly explored all the places in front and reached the latter half.

As soon as he stepped in, Qin Sheng noticed something different.

On the ground.

There were runes!

This was something that did not exist in the previous Nightmare Mode. He remembered it very clearly!

"Something's happening!"

Looking along the rune-covered ground, as expected, it was the last area that had not been explored. It was also the highest and deepest part of the mountaintop!

"Who dares to trespass into my array formation?"

A furious roar suddenly exploded when Qin Luo's feet landed on the runes.

Before Qin Sheng could react, a bolt of lightning struck down from above. A violent aura swept out and filled the entire Snake God Mountain!

"Who are you?"

Qin Luo Sheng retreated continuously as he looked at the Daoist who was descending amidst the lightning. He was dressed in a green robe and had the demeanor of an immortal. All the hairs on his body stood up!

“Instead of challenging this Divine Mountain, you’re asking who this seat is?”

The Daoist sneered, his narrow diamond-shaped eyes emitting a sharp, cold glint.

"This is big trouble!"

Qin Luo gasped.

He had felt such a resolute oppression many times, such as the afterimage of the Dragon God, the might of the Dragon Emperor, the will of the Death God, and so on, but he had only truly faced one—

Dragon Abyss!

Dragon Abyss Dragon King!

No matter how powerful the Daoist before him was, his spirit was at least on the same level as Long Yuan!

Damn!

Long Yuan was a level 100 half-step Mythical big shot!

The reason why he was able to defeat him on the Terrifying Dragon Platform was due to luck!

If it were to happen again, without the help of the Human Emperor, without the help of the Dao Sect, without the accumulation of those special items, it was absolutely impossible for Qin Sheng to win!

As for the person before him…

If he was really like Long Yuan, he would be extremely unlucky!

‘ No.’

It should be different!

Even though this was the Abyss Mode and a different type of real battlefield, it was still the Snake God Mountain dungeon. There was no way it could escape the shackles of the system!

In other words.

The Daoist in front of him should be the final Boss of Snake God Mountain. Even though he was extremely strong, under the restrictions, he definitely could not surpass the limit of level 55! (The level of the monsters in the dungeon could not exceed 10 levels!)

Heavenly Eye, open!

[Daoist Snake [Soul] (Enhanced Legendary Boss)]

Level: 55

Health Points: 45000000

Mana: 12000000

Physical Attack: 650000

Magic Attack: 480000

Physical Defense: 1,50000

Magic Defense: 120,000

Speed: 32,000

Skills: Dragon Snake Dance, Wild Bite, Snake Formation

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Daoist Snake is an ancient mutated snake. He cultivated it into a spirit. Originally, he wanted to take off his snake body and cultivate into a true dragon body. However, due to his cruel and bloodthirsty nature, he devoured living beings as sacrifices and suffered the wrath of the heavens. Even if he managed to preserve his life, his vitality was greatly damaged and he lost the chance to transform into a dragon. By chance, he found another mutated snake, Luan, and snake. He wanted to mate with them and use the Yin and Yang Dao Integration to mend his body's flaws and reconstruct his Great Dao. However, he was rejected and ended up in a fight. Both parties perished together. His body and soul transformed into a divine snake mountain. He set up a trapping formation to capture the Luan and snake, intending to refine it into a blood pill and seize it from his feet.

Under the Heavenly Eye, nothing could hide from it!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Daoist Snake's introduction. This was completely a detailed account of his life, recording everything he had done and his desires. He was both shocked and delighted!

He was happy because he knew Daoist Snake's background, as well as his situation. He understood what he wanted to do and could respond accordingly!

What was shocking was that this guy was actually an Enhanced Legendary Boss at level 55. Although Qin Luo was only level 6, level 50 was a hurdle. It meant that he had reached the Third Stage. Compared to the Second Stage Profession, his strength had changed drastically. It was simply disgusting!

Also…

Daoist Snake's attributes were simply explosive!

45 million health points!

650,000 Physical Attack!

480,000 magic attacks!

Both physical defense and demonic defense exceeded 100,000!

His speed reached 32,000!

F*ck you!

And this was only a remnant soul state?

How fierce would it be if his body was at its peak?

No wonder.

His body turned into a huge mountain!

As expected of an ancient mutant!

They could not afford to offend him!

“Yi, a True Dragon?”

Qin Luo was thinking about how to deal with Daoist Snake, and Daoist Snake was also observing Qin Luo, this uninvited guest. However, his gaze merely stayed on Qin Luo for a second before shifting away. Besides seeing through that this kid was just a little piece of trash that wasn't worth paying attention to, it was also because of a tiny existence that had attracted Daoist Snake's attention.

"What pure spiritual energy, what high-grade dragon blood. This, this, I didn't expect that I would have such immense luck. Hahaha…"

Daoist Snake laughed out loud and was incomparably ecstatic. "After devouring your blood essence and spirit, not only can I rely on the dragon bones to reconstruct my body, but I can also be reborn and transform into a true dragon that roams the nine heavens. My feet can at least be comparable to an ancient dragon king's. The heavens really don't spare me, the heavens don't spare me!"

Qin Luo shuddered!

This bastard!

He actually set his sights on Xiaoxiao!

What sharp eyes!

Xiaoxiao was the treasure left behind by the Dragon God. Her bloodline was extremely mysterious and was even stronger than the current Dragon Emperor. This B was originally an ancient mutant snake. He had made a mistake in the process of transforming into a dragon and failed. If he really succeeded, not only would he succeed in transforming into a dragon, but he would also be able to use Xiaoxiao's bloodline to enhance his own abilities. It was killing two birds with one stone. No wonder he was so happy that he went crazy.

Except.

All of this was built on the foundation of success!

Touch Xiaoxiao in front of me?

Do you have all your teeth?