Chapter 816: Infiltrating The Snake Mountain Again

"Sigh, why bother?"

Qin Luo reached out and grabbed Du Mingfang's trembling hand.

He had thought that his heart was strong enough, but upon seeing this scene, Qin Sheng couldn't help but soften his heart!

As he looked at Du Mingfang's soft body that was only wearing undergarments, not only did Qin Sheng not have any desire, he instead felt a sense of sorrow and indignation!

Unhappy about what?

Unhappy with Du Qiangwei!

He was not satisfied with those rich and powerful people who used their wealth to buy over the souls of others and made people sick!

He lost all interest.

Qin Luo Sheng stared blankly at Du Mingfang, whose eyes were brimming with tears, before turning to leave.

Eventually.

He still could not harden his heart and become a demon!

This might be his fatal weakness!

Not ruthless enough!

Not enough!

After spending more than an hour in the pool in the villa, Qin Sheng finally got rid of his lust and returned to his room!

Enter the game!

Looking at the time, there were still more than two hours left before dawn the next day!

Continue!

There was still a Level 40 White Bone Mountain dungeon to complete today!

Even though he was now Level 49 and his experience points would decrease if he cleared Level 40 dungeons, in the Abyss Mode, the final BOSS of White Bone Mountain was at Level 50. The large number of monsters behind him were around this range, so his experience points were not bad.

It was nearly one in the morning by the time they finished clearing the White Bone Mountain!

"Have you collected what I wanted?"

Qin Luo turned on his communicator and sent a message to the professional team leader sent by Sanguine Primrose.

"Got it!"

The other party replied.

"Alright then!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded and crushed the return scroll. "See you at the Hidden Dragon Pavilion headquarters in Star Brilliance City!"

After a while.

Qin Qin Sheng got what he wanted.

[Invisibility (Silver)] Requirement: None!

A common Silver Skill Book was different from this skill book which had no requirements. It could allow any player to learn it. The skill effect was similar to that of a Bandit's ambush!

The starlight miracle moved!

Concealment instantly went from Silver to Gold!

Learning!

[Concealment] consumed 100 Mana Points and successfully entered the Concealment state, deceiving the enemy's line of sight. In the Concealment state, speed decreased by 80%. Attacked, touched, or actively attacked. Reveal! Duration: 3 minutes. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Not bad!

After all, it had been upgraded to Gold. The duration was compared to an ordinary 1 minute. It had been upgraded by 2 minutes. Awesome!

In addition to the Skill Book, Qin Sheng had also gotten fire oil, fire medicine and other props specially prepared for the snakeman tribe at the foot of the Snake God Mountain!

After some preparation.

Qin Luo Sheng ran straight for the teleportation array.

Choose, Snake God Mountain!

Difficulty: Abyss!

To challenge the trial alone!

Begin!

Viper trail.

Old!

How he had lived in the past, he would live like this now, following the rules!

There were not many changes here. It was just that the venomous snakes lurking here had stronger attributes and more numbers. However, their personalities were still the same. As long as they were not hit by an attack, they were completely safe.

He easily passed the first stage!

Qin Luo Sheng rode on Bing Bing as he carefully arrived outside the tribe!

"Fly in?"

He groped his way to the edge of the wall and looked at the ten-meter-tall wooden wall. Qin Sheng had activated his invisibility and spread his Wings of the Winged Dragon. He had wanted to enter by air attack, but he had been told that the current area was forbidden to fly.

"Since that's the case, we can only enter through the main entrance!"

After going around in circles, Qin Sheng returned to the main gate of the Snake-People Tribe after his stealth technique had been restored. He looked at the ten Snake-People guards at the gate with a fierce look on his face.

"Luring the tiger out of the mountain? Making a diversion? Or directly using the Starlight Blessing to elevate concealment to the extreme, directly swaggering under the watch of these ten guards?"

Qin Qin Sheng was weighing the pros and cons!

If he wanted to lure the tiger away from the mountain, he would need a bait. However, that would easily alert the Snake-People Tribe, and it would be impossible to use fire to attack!

Besides.

It was impossible to lure the tiger out of the mountain!

There were a total of ten Snake-People in this squad. As long as they were not idiots, it was impossible for them to send out all of them at once. When the time came, they would still have to bet that these guys could not see through concealment!

A diversion!

Same reason!

"This way, there is only one way!"

Qin Luo Sheng was just about to use the Starlight Blessing to sublimate his concealment technique to the extreme when he suddenly thought of something as he looked at the upright wooden fence.

Wait!

Qin Luo Sheng paused for a moment before opening his backpack and rummaging through it!

"Heaven never seals off all paths! Damn, luckily I still have some impression of him!"

Holding a small and exquisite cylinder, Qin Sheng immediately laughed.

[Spider Silk Launcher]

Type: Wrist Gun

Grade: Gold

Requirement: None

Effect: None

Special Effect: [Spider Silk Launch] Launches the spider silk stored in the launcher!

Additional Skill: [Inescapable Net] consumes a large amount of spider silk, spitting out spider webs to envelop the target!

Introduction: It's a delicate and small thing. It's said to be a casual piece of artwork from the young age of the Divine Smith. It has extremely high usage value and collection value.

Back then, when he obtained this unique equipment, he treated it like a small toy, just like the introduction.

When he was at Furious Bears Ridge, he had been dropped out and then picked up again. After obtaining the Wings of the Rain-Dragon, he was able to fly. This wrist gun was almost worthless. He threw it in the corner of his backpack to eat dust and almost forgot about it.

"As expected, everything has value. The key is whether you can dig out its value!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly loaded the gun.

This was a special equipment, and it didn't take up an ordinary position.

Qin Luo put it on his wrist and tested the effect. Looking at the spider silk that was shot out, the situation was similar to a movie called Spiderman. The difference was that it was a mutation and he relied on props!

After getting a little familiar with it, Qin Luo quietly went to the fence again. He found his position and activated his stealth skill, ejecting spider silk.

If I can't fly, I'll climb!

This chief steward couldn't make it, right?

The 10-metre tall fence was ejected three times before it was finally over!

The location Qin Luo Sheng chose was very good. It was a dark corner down below, a blind spot for patrolling. It was almost impossible to be discovered.

Qin Sheng spent more than an hour dodging the guards and the patrolling guards before setting up a dozen combustible areas that had been selected long ago. He poured the kerosene on them and buried them.

"Come, the grand feast has begun!"

Qin Luo Sheng revealed himself and swaggered out of the shadows. He was discovered by the patrolling snake people.

"Who is it?"

The vigilant snake man saw Qin Luo, this foreign invader, and immediately shouted loudly, "Enemy attack, enemy attack!"

"Xiaoxiao, it's up to you!"

Qin Luo instructed and looked at the large number of snake people that had gathered over. Then—

He broke into a run!