Chapter 810: Strike First, Finish Skills

"Holy Dragon… Annihilation Slash!"

Qin Luo Sheng gathered all his strength into his right arm. The muscles on his arm bulged and the veins on his arm bulged. He gripped the hilt of his sword tightly with both hands and swung it heavily towards the Titanic Python.

Swoosh…

After ten seconds of accumulation, the annihilation aura of the slash was finally generated. It flew past quickly and landed on the Titan Python that had just recovered from the impact of the dragon roar!

-5,200,000!

A huge black damage number appeared. Under Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye, the Titan Python's long and thick HP bar instantly dropped by more than half. It was horrifying.

Not only that.

After accumulating power for ten seconds, the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash had an additional 100% annihilation effect!

The Titanic Python's extremely tough body was sliced into two by Qin Sheng!

The special effect of the Sacred Dragon Sword, Dragon Tooth, had a penetrating effect, bleeding effect, and breaking damage. Now, with the special ability of the Sacred Dragon Annihilation Slash, his body was broken, and the effect of Dragon Tooth was strengthened multiple times.

"Extreme Curse!"

"Extreme Gravity!"

I'll take your life while you're sick!

Qin Luo Sheng was not a soft-hearted person. After the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash achieved its ideal effect, he immediately charged forward. Before the Titan Python could react, Qin Luo was prepared to weaken its health points and even take its life!

"Sword Thrust Slash!"

With a flash of his body, Qin Sheng instantly broke through the 20-meter distance and arrived beside the Titan Python!

It had to be said.

The Titanic Python was indeed worthy of being a beast of antiquity. Even though it had been dismembered by Qin Sheng with a single sword strike, its vitality was still terrifyingly tenacious. Not only did it not show any signs of death, it did not even show any signs of weakness. It was still as lively as ever.

"How good would it be to lie down obediently and die? What's the use of struggling at death's door?"

Qin Sheng immediately slashed his body, causing sparks to fly when his sharp sword collided with the thick snake scales.

"Damn, so tough!"

The numbing sensation from the tiger's mouth almost made Qin Sheng curse.

Fortunately.

The Titanic Python was a little tough, but because the Holy Dragon Sword had the special effect of the Dragon's Tooth, it had 30% penetrative power. Coupled with the fact that its physical attacks could crush its physical defense, the damage could be dealt.

"We can't fight head-on!"

Having suffered once, Qin Sheng was naturally not stupid enough to fall for it again.

It was not like he had long-range attack abilities. Why did he have to clash head-on with the Titan Python? Wasn't that going against his own hand?

Now that he had come into close contact with the Titan Python, even though it only had a 5-meter attack range boost from Holy Flame, it was enough!

In particular, he had been unwilling to let the Holy Dragon Sword be stained with blood previously. Now that he was attacking with his long-range sword energy, he no longer had any scruples. He directly attacked the broken part of the Titanic Python's body. There was no place without the defense of the snake scales. At this moment, it was still bleeding profusely. It was the weakest!

"Hu…"

The Titanic Python was a beast of antiquity after all. It had experienced countless battles in its life. Even though it had been stunned by Qin Sheng's sudden attack during its slumber, it immediately returned the favor when it regained its senses.

A mouthful of black energy spewed out and turned into a poisonous mist. It fused with the blood and became extremely acidic, corroding the snake path and turning it into a swamp.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng bounced up and waved his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon to avoid the sinking of the swamp.

Except.

He could hide, but he could not. He rushed into the poisonous fog and was poisoned.

"Ding… You have been attacked by an unknown poisonous fog. All your attributes have decreased by 30%. Your body's reaction speed has decreased by 50%. You have also received 5,000 points of poisonous fog damage every second. Duration: 1 minute!"

What?

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked on the spot!

Not to mention that his attributes were decreased and half of his bodily functions were destroyed, the damage of 5,000 points per second lasted for as long as a minute. Other than a hacker like him, which player could withstand it?

Even if the strongest Guardian was here, he would need at least three Light Priests to heal him. Only then would he not be poisoned to death!

Yet.

This was just a nightmare. Once it turned into an abyss, the Titan Python would definitely become stronger. What should he do then?

Besides.

The damage caused by the poisonous fog was already extremely high. How was he going to fight the Titan Python next?

Qin Luo was very glad!

Fortunately, I had a flash of inspiration just now and used the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash first to test the power of the skill. Not only did I cut the Titan Python in half, but I also cut off more than 5 million of its health points, occupying more than 60% of its total health points. Otherwise, the situation would definitely be even more difficult!

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly cast a recovery skill on himself. In an instant, his health points returned to their peak, and he wiped out all the debuff that weakened his attributes and abnormal body.

"Jade Bone!"

At the same time.

A green jade glow flashed on his body. The Jade Bone Skill derived from the [Sacred Body] showed its might, allowing Qin Sheng to be immune to any poison of the highest Epic stage within a minute!

"Hahaha… No effect!"

After one second of shuttling through the poisonous fog, Qin Sheng's face was filled with ecstasy when he discovered that his health points did not decrease.

Looks like…

The poisonous fog of the Titan Python was at most at the Epic stage. It was completely useless against him.

"Die, scum!"

Under the Heavenly Eye, Qin Sheng could clearly see the Titan Python's skill.

Spiral Strangle was definitely to use the body to trap and kill the prey. This was the most common hunting method for snakes, especially pythons!

Unfortunately.

After being split in two, this skill was useless!

The poisonous mist in the swamp had just been used up. Qin Sheng's Ultimate Healing Technique and Jade Bone had been completely removed!

Wild Devour, as the name suggested, should be an ability that could devour life!

After all.

Qin Luo's eyes were larger than Qin Sheng's entire body. Devouring him was like stuffing a gap between his teeth.

Still.

Even though the Titanic Python's speed had reached 15,000, Qin Sheng's speed was now several times faster than its own, and he had all sorts of life-saving skills. It was simply impossible to devour him.

One sword, one sword, another sword!

All the abilities of the Titanic Python were useless. Its body had been split into two, and it was constantly bleeding and draining its life force. On the other hand, Qin Sheng was taking a leisurely stroll and had the support of a small flank. The situation was completely one-sided!

A minute later!

As Qin Luo used Shadow Escape, his body transformed into a shadow and escaped into the shadow of the Titanic Python. After dissolving the wild devouring of the python that was struggling before its death, the battle entered a complete rubbish time.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 52 Epic BOSS Titan Python. EXP gained: 1,500W + Reputation Points: 7,000! '