Chapter 814: Bringing Beauty Down The Dungeon (4)

"Sigh!"

He sighed slightly.

Indigo Collar was the oldest in the team and had the most mature mindset. He felt helpless when he saw the jealous sisters.

Except.

Her beautiful eyes could not help but look at the man riding the Qilin, wielding a golden greatsword, surrounded by a True Dragon, his cape fluttering behind him, his face wearing a mask of evil spirits, just like the legendary Lan Ling King. Her heart also quietly trembled.

Qin Sheng was absolutely focused. Even though there were several pairs of beautiful eyes staring intently at him, he did not notice it.

Focus on attracting monsters and do your job!

After a while.

The skeletons at the foot of White Bone Mountain were all drawn over by Qin Sheng, and then—

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

After activating four augmentation skills, its attack power increased exponentially, and it had the effect of Holy Flames. After being reduced by 20% of all attributes by "Death's Gaze", its damage to the dark creatures increased by four times, and its attack became split…

Qin Luo Sheng began his killing spree!

In front of the seven girls, it was a crazy scene of cutting grass!

Nainai exclaimed, "Wow, that's awesome!"

Little Vegetable: "My husband is so fierce, sob sob sob sob!"

Indigo Collar asked, "Is he even human?"

"Brother Weeping Soul is amazing!"

Su Youran: o (⊙ ⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Not to mention the four girls he had met for the first time with Qin Luo, even Su You Ran, who was very familiar with Qin Luo, had only just learned of Qin Luo's identity in the world of fate. The first time he had teamed up with Qin Luo, the first time he had seen Qin Luo in battle (the video did not count)!

He could not believe it!

In this world, there was actually such a strong player!

If one did not understand, it would not be a big deal. They would only be amazed at the magnificent feat of 1VS and marvel at the visual impact!

Yet…

Su Youran understood.

Even though most of her equipment was collected, it was undeniable that she, who had reached Level 41, was currently on the frontlines.

Don't underestimate this A-list.

Other than the S-list, who else could suppress him?

What kind of people were the S-listers? Apart from Sobbing Spirits, the S-listers were East Imperial, Martial Emperor, and Ya Tu. They were all famous and powerful existences!

It was not embarrassing to be weaker than them!

Besides.

There were more than a billion Chinese players in the entire country, and the number of people who could reach the frontline in the current time frame was at most a million. It sounded like a lot, but looking at the ratio, only 0.001%, one could tell how powerful this small group of people was!

In the past.

Su Youran and the others were proud. Even if it was an invitation from the Rose Society, which was specially set up for girls in the top ten guilds, they didn't care about it. They formed their own team and were close teammates and best friends who talked about everything.

Now.

Their pride was completely shattered!

When he saw Qin Sheng's inhuman existence, his heart turned cold and completely collapsed!

To be able to enter the Abyss Mode, it meant that they had already cleared the Nightmare Difficulty, White Bone Mountain. Thus, they naturally knew how strong the monsters in this dungeon were.

But now?

In the Abyss Mode, the monsters were stronger than in the Nightmare Mode. However, in the eyes of that man, they were no different from minions. They were like chickens, directly using One Wave Rush!

It was crazy!

"Wow! We're rich! We're rich!"

"So many equipment, so many gold coins!"

"Hurry up and snatch it!"

"…"

Soon.

Under Qin Luo's incomparably violent split attack and the tiny Endless Fire Magic, the hundreds of skeletons all turned into EXP and dropped a large number of equipment items and gold coins. The gold coins were especially like a golden carpet.

This was not an exaggeration!

Initially, the drop rate of monsters in Abyss Mode was already high. Coupled with the explosive luck of Qin Sheng and the opening of the Exchange System, the price of gold coins had completely plummeted and stabilized at 1: 1. Gold coins could be said to be worthless now!

The gold coins dropped by hundreds of skeletons were at least 100,000!

100,000 gold coins was 100,000 RMB!

With such a high drop rate, wouldn't it be soaring to the sky?

Even if it was just farming gold coins, it was not a dream to earn millions every month?

Naive!

From ancient times until now, there were no sellers!

Although Fate Corporation was very special, it was still a capital corporation after all. If he wanted to snatch money from these ruthless people, he could dream on!

The drop rate of Abyss Mode was indeed ridiculous, but this was only Abyss Mode. Not to mention ordinary players, even third-, second-, and even ordinary first-tier players would be courting death if they entered without equipment and good teammates!

Want to challenge the Abyss?

No problem!

Firstly, you have to improve your own ability!

He had to increase his investment to buy equipment, items, potions… and step into the bottomless pit of strengthening. He had not even started and he was already giving money to the game officials!

How disgusting!

And!

Even if you had these conditions, what happened next?

In Qin Sheng's case, there was no such thing as luck value or super combat strength to support it. The efficiency of killing monsters was extremely slow and the drop rate was not satisfactory. It was impossible for it to be like Qin Sheng's. The probability of a big drop was very high. It was already very good to have a 10% drop rate!

The game officials were also very crafty!

He had set up many ordinary monsters to trap players. Why?

While consuming potions, it also consumed durability!

The higher the grade of the equipment, the more expensive it was to repair!

When players wasted their time on clearing monsters, 90% of the items dropped would never be able to recover!

This was a trap!

So.

If he wanted to play with the official platform, he really did not know how to spell "death"!

Fate Dimension was still alright. After all, Fate Corporation was just operating and did not have the right to interfere. Everything was left to the mainframe to balance and manage. Otherwise, if it were any other game, it would be impossible to come out of a game that was so popular all over the world!

Are you trying to scare me?

You probably don't know that there's a kind of domineeringness called the final explanation rights!

There was a group called GM!

"Is this still the instance dungeon where we were wiped out and died two or three times on average?"

He swept through them.

In less than three hours, Qin Luo Sheng had cleared the level with a few girls.

Looking at the experience points that had already increased by more than one level and the bag full of equipment and props materials, Su Youran and Qin Sheng's five chicks felt like they were in a dream. It felt like they were dreaming and not real at all!

"No, that's not it!"

Upon hearing Nainai's words, Indigo Collar looked at Qin Sheng with a complicated expression and said, "This is Abyss Mode. It's even more difficult than our nightmares!"

Little Vegetable:…

Kit:…

Su Youran was speechless.