Chapter 821: Seven-Colored Flash, Descent Of The Sacred Dragon

Buzz…

The domain was formed and Qin Sheng was already a turtle in a jar.

However, Daoist Snake's true form was a snake, and he belonged to the sinister and cunning category.

Plus.

Qin Sheng had just saved his life again.

Now.

He did not dare to be careless or relax at all. After all, countless years on the edge of life and death had taught him a principle—

Only the dead could be at ease!

"You only have one minute!"

Seeing that the venomous snakes had already propped themselves up and were about to attack immediately, Xiaoxiao could not be bothered with anything else at this critical juncture. She instructed Qin Sheng directly and flew out abruptly without waiting for him to think. Opening her dragon mouth, she let out a loud and vigorous dragon roar.

"Ang…"

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

In an instant.

The venomous snakes that were preparing to attack under Daoist Snake's control all collapsed under the dragon's roar that was full of dragon's might. They fell into a state of fear and lay on the ground, shivering. Some of the venomous snakes with weak health points were killed by the roar.

To the end.

Dragon Roar Strike was not just a control skill, its damage was also as high as 500%!

The small grade was a legend. With the dragon's ability to restrain and crush snakes, she could not deal with Daoist Snake. However, given time, she could easily cut through the poisonous snakes.

Besides.

Not only Viper, even Daoist Snake, a Legendary Boss, had not escaped the punishment!

Qin Luo's Hunting Tiger could only send Daoist Snake into two seconds of fear. The effect was reduced by 60%!

Yet.

The small dragon's roar was different.

The True Dragon Bloodline was extremely pure. Even though Daoist Snake was an ancient mutant with tyrannical strength, he was still unable to avoid the suppression of the bloodline and fell into a state of terror that lasted for three seconds.

effect.

Not one bit less!

"What are you waiting for? Charge!"

With a furious roar, Qin Sheng hurriedly wielded the Sacred Dragon Sword and charged forward once more.

The incomparably violent Fury attack followed the momentum of the attack. Under the premise of 100% attack speed, it seemed even more explosive.

"Combat Technique, activate!”

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and activated the word battle technique of the Nine Secrets. Instantly, his combat strength doubled.

This was a doubling of his current combat power. In other words, under the effects of enhancing all the skills, potions, talismans, and other effects, his current attributes would double. It was not that Qin Luo Sheng did not have the ability to enhance his attributes, but that his attributes would double.

Nine Secrets.

It was simply terrifying!

With the addition of the word "Battle" technique,

Originally, Qin Luo had been able to kill Daoist Snake with a single slash of his sword, but now, he had nearly a million.

Given Daoist Snake's 4500W + total life, if Qin Luo were to hit his sword to the maximum of 45, Daoist Snake would only have one breath left!

Except.

Daoist Snake would give Qin Sheng this chance?

Three seconds passed!

Qin Luo Sheng had risked his life to barely cut off 20% of Daoist Snake's health!

"Seven-colored Flash!"

Daoist Snake, who had recovered, was about to make his move. Qin Sheng was also prepared to receive the attack. However, before they could do anything, Xiaoxiao's side took the initiative to launch an attack.

After spending up to 100,000 Mana Points, the little dragon's entire body shone with a dazzling and magnificent light.

Yet.

Hidden beneath this extreme beauty was endless killing intent!

Daoist Snake, who had just woken up, was instantly dumbfounded.

Even someone as powerful as him could not help but shiver in the face of such a small ultimate move that unleashed his bloodline and potential!

Buzz…

The chaotic elements began to burst forth, and the seven elements hidden in the space—Yin, Yang, Wind, Lightning, Water, Fire, Earth—all burst forth, breaking Daoist Snake's Snake God Domain from the inside out!

Yin winds howled, sunlight shone, thunder rumbled, wind blades danced, floods surged, flames exploded, and earth spikes pierced!

It covered a huge area of 50 * 50.

1400% damage.

The destructive characteristic erupted. The ground cracked and rocks flew everywhere. It was like a disaster!

Under such a crazy tide, the poisonous snakes summoned by Daoist Snake, other than the mutated snakes that had strong vitality and could still hold on for a while, the rest instantly melted.

Even a mutant snake would not be able to withstand such a freakish seven-colored flash. It had condensed seven elements, and the Dragon's blood had burst forth with its ultimate move.

1400% damage per second, lasting for as long as 10 seconds!

Under the Destruction Attribute, there was also chaos, blinding, tearing, paralysis, freezing, burning, deceleration, and other effects. It could be said that the 50 * 50 region covered was an absolute domain, just like hell!

"No, that's impossible. My domain, my domain…"

It wasn't just the mutant snakes and poisonous snakes that suffered a calamity, Daoist Snake was also included in it.

His Thousand Tempering Domain was broken in one move, and it was forcefully crushed from the inside out. He, who was connected to his mind, was instantly severely injured, and all his attributes were weakened by 20%!

This blow was too great!

Daoist Snake was in a daze. He looked at Xiaoxiao, who was no longer as greedy as before. Other than greed, there was also fear in his eyes!

"Yo, why aren't you mine? A mere little snake dares to covet a true dragon? Die!"

Take his life while he’s sick.

Qin Qin Sheng did not know how to talk about Wu De.

There was no such thing as pity on the battlefield.

When Daoist Snake's domain was forced to be damaged, this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If he didn't seize it, it would be a waste of his strength!

"Sacred Dragon Descends!"

In the final battle, Qin Sheng waved his hand and retrieved the exhausted Little Tiny back into his pet space. At the same time, the Sacred Dragon Set shone brightly!

Sacred Dragon Divine Crown!

Sacred Dragon Sword!

Sacred Dragon Divine Armor!

Sacred Dragon Divine Hand!

Sacred Dragon Divine Boots!

The lines on the five parts connected in an instant, and a purple dragon shadow appeared on the golden body!

"Ang…"

The revival of the dragon's shadow burst forth with boundless dragon might, causing the gentle stream of light from the five parts of the Holy Dragon to become sharper.

"Ding… You have successfully activated the Holy Dragon Set's set skill. You have received the Holy Dragon Blessing. All attributes increased by 150%. Attack range + 10 meters. Each attack has 10,000 Holy Dragon Inferno Damage. Duration: 1 minute!"

This was the first time Qin Sheng had used a set skill!

effect.

It was simply explosive.

It was indeed a Legendary Set. Furthermore, it was the first Dragon Emperor Set that was known as the Sacred Dragon. This Set Skill was invincible!

"Ethereal Steps!"

His body moved and instantly turned into afterimages. His extreme speed, coupled with the effects of Ethereal Steps, created a mirage that instantly stunned Daoist Snake.

"Your domain has been broken and your ultimate move, the 10,000 Snakes Formation, has been destroyed. Daoist Snake, let's see what else you have!"

Under the guidance of the Wings of the Rain-Dragon, Qin Sheng's body, which had been augmented with many skills, seemed to have burst forth with the sound of a sonic barrier. Like a stream of light, he dragged his beautiful wings and crashed heavily towards Daoist Snake.

"Dragon Snake Dance!"

————

PS1: [Holy Dragon Descent] Set skill. After activating it, you will receive Holy Dragon Blessing. All attributes will be increased by 150%. Attack distance + 10 meters. Each attack will have 10,000 Holy Dragon Inferno Damage. Duration: 1 minute! Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS2: [Seven-Colored Flash] consumes 100,000 magic points. Gathers the power of Yin, Yang, Wind, Thunder, Water, Fire, and Earth. Deals 1400% magic damage to all living things within the 50x50 range. Additional destructive properties. Randomly triggers chaos, blinding, tearing, paralysis, freezing, burning, and deceleration. These three negative buffs will last for 10 seconds. Cooldown: One month!