Chapter 826: Complete The Instance Dungeon And Obtain The Only Reward

"You?"

Daoist Snake shouted angrily.

"There's no point in talking anymore. Let's fight!"

Qin Sheng was thrown away by the Luan Snake and landed safely on the ground. Then, the Luan Snake's body emitted a pink glow as it charged towards Daoist Snake, who was enveloped by the bloody light.

Instantly.

A great battle was taking place!

"Bing Bing, bring me to a safer place!"

If the two big shots were to fight, wouldn't a rookie like Qin Sheng tremble in fear?

Even at his peak, he still had to be a little careful, let alone now when he could not even lift his hand!

Xiaoxiao was not any better. She had used the Seven-Colored Flash. It would take at least a week for her to fight and she would not be able to be summoned in a day or two.

But Bing Bing was different.

At this moment, only Bing Bing was still intact, not suffering any damage, and was still in peak condition!

Unfortunately.

Bing Bing was a mount, choosing this direction, her battle strength was naturally extremely weak.

Still.

It was not a problem to entrust such a small matter to others!

Carrying Qin Luo on his back, the ice was amongst the rocks of the crumbling Serpent God Mountain as if it were flat ground. It didn't cause Qin Luo to feel any bumps at all, and he was quickly sent to a safe distance.

"This is really spectacular!"

Qin Luo Sheng had long turned on the camera system, recording the gorgeous confrontation between the two mutant snakes in the sky.

Ever since the incident at Furious Bears Ridge, he had not posted any videos. Previously, he had done it for fun and to earn some money while he was at it. However, he was not an idiot. If he exposed too much, he would eventually be analyzed by all kinds of people and suffer the consequences.

Still.

If he cut off the images of his battle, the battle of the BOSS would no longer matter!

Besides.

Ignoring the exciting battle itself, this was the final BOSS and the final storyline of the level 45 dungeon Snake God Mountain. Right now, he was the only one who had the qualifications to enter the dungeon. The guide that he brought, whether it was for viewing fees or for free, was pretty good!

A person's strength had its limits!

However, a person's reputation could theoretically reach an unlimited amount!

Even in the ancient times when imperial power reigned supreme, the emperor who held supreme power did not dare to commit a heinous crime to kill a "saint" with extremely high prestige and reputation!

Qin Qin Sheng did not have the energy to create his own team because his every move would definitely attract everyone's attention. No one would wish for such a ferocious dragon to appear.

Now.

To be able to get on the good side of so many powers and even be deliberately welcomed by them!

He relied on neutrality!

That's right.

A lone warrior without any influence would always be the target to be roped in.

And when this lone ranger was strong to a certain extent, he could not even rope him in, so he could only offer him up!

They were afraid of offending him and forcing him into their camp!

Qin Qin Sheng was like that.

But once he gained his own power, everything would change.

Qin Luo was unafraid of challenges, but he did not want to be plagued by trouble!

So.

He chose not to establish a gang. He did not even establish a mercenary group!

After being forced to cooperate by Sanguine Primrose, his real identity was finally exposed.

Establishing a gang and conquering the world. This path was too difficult. It was basically broken!

Since that was the case…

The way of the king was impassable, one just had to walk the sacred path!

When he became the king in the hearts of at least 80% and 90% of the Chinese players, his reputation would be unrivaled. At that time, not to mention a mere gang, even if the country wanted to touch him, they would have to think twice.

Besides.

This was just Qin Sheng's last move!

He would never entrust his fate to others. He only believed in his own strength!

As the strength of the Weeping Soul Beast continued to increase, Qin Sheng would also continue to evolve!

The day of full wings was not far away!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 55 Legendary Boss Daoist Snake. EXP gained: 350,000 + Reputation: 18,000! '

"Ding, you have leveled up. Current level 50, Health + 200, Mana + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10. You have received 60 free attribute points!"

"Ding, your pet, Xiaoxiao, has reached Level 50 and is beginning to evolve, entering the mature stage! Evolution time: one day!"

"Ding, your mount, Bing Bing, has reached Level 50 and is beginning to evolve, entering the mature stage! Evolution time: one day!"

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Snake God Mountain's final BOSS and completing the final storyline. Dungeon Completion Rating: SS. You have received the only reward and the ultimate storyline reward. The system will announce the entire war zone. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

"Reveal!"

Ding… Chinese war zone players, please take note. Chinese war zone players, please take note. Player Weeping Souls has cleared the level 45 dungeon [Snake God Mountain]. He has received the exclusive one-on-one reward: + 300 four attributes, + 5 special attributes, + 1 special scroll * 1 special skill * 1! At the same time, his heroic deeds will be imprinted on the Hero Stone Tablet for all heroes to admire!

Ding…

Ding…

The three warzone announcements shocked the entire China warzone.

At the same time.

In less than half a minute, the entire world knew about it.

Fortunately, Qin Luo had foresight and had already blocked the communicator when he entered the dungeon. Otherwise, who knew how many people would be crazy about him right now!

"Thank you!"

Just as Qin Luo was immersed in the joy of completing the mission and obtaining the reward, he heard the Luan Snake's gentle voice filled with gratitude.

Looking up.

The first thing that came into view was that extremely experienced and lustful beautiful face that could cause the downfall of a city and cause the downfall of a country. It was also filled with charm!

Perhaps it was because he had consumed too much energy in the great battle that he was somewhat pale!

Perhaps it was because he had killed a great enemy with his own hands, thus freeing himself, but he was a bit flushed with excitement!

It was simply soul stealing!

He could not help but be mesmerized!

"You're welcome!"

Qin Sheng bit the tip of his tongue hard, recovering from his dazed state. He lowered his head and did not dare to look again, afraid that he would lose control again and be immersed in the charm of the Luan Snake. "I'm saving myself too!"

"Are you willing…"

The Luan Snake had a hint of a smile on its face as it looked at the little human man in front of it who was a little uneasy. Even though he was also bewitched by it, his will was firm and he would wake up very quickly. Furthermore, he could restrain his desires and no longer look at her. He softly asked, "— accept me?"

What?

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head in astonishment.

He suspected that he was hallucinating!

Yet.

Looking at the Luan She who had a gentle expression but eyes full of determination, he was sure that there was nothing wrong with his ears. The words just now were really spoken by this woman!

"I don't understand!"

No pie would fall from the sky.

Qin Luo Sheng bit down on the tip of his pitiful tongue once more. The intense pain had cleared his mind and he was no longer mesmerized by women!

"I've been trapped for too long!"

The Luan Snake released a light sigh. Its expression was sorrowful and lonely as it said, “In the past, when I fought against the horned snake, I wasn’t his opponent, but I still fought him until both sides were injured. After the battle, I was defeated, and his flesh was seriously injured, sealing himself here.”

——————

< EMPTY >