Chapter 820: A Small Trick, Capture The King First!

Daoist Snake was dead!

The long HP bar that was as high as 4500W instantly vanished!

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, did not relax in the slightest. He remained vigilant.

What a joke.

From the Epic stage, the revival ability was the standard for BOSS, alright?

‘ Of course.’

Not all of them!

However, all the Ancient BOSSES with some background could revive like drinking water.

Daoist Snake was a pervert and an ancient snake at his feet. Who would believe that he did not have any life-saving abilities?

Even if Qin Luo believed in everything, as long as there was no notification from the system, 100% meant that the matter was not over and the Boss was not dead!

Indeed.

After the phantom of the Death God dissipated, the sky returned to its previous sunny state. Daoist Snake’s body, which should have died, suddenly burst forth with a green light and revived.

Tsk!

I fucking knew it!

Qin Qin Sheng's expression turned ugly on the spot.

Even though he was mentally prepared, he was still very unhappy to see it happen.

Initially, players were already at an absolute disadvantage when dealing with a BOSS of this level. In addition, this was a solo challenge mode, which made them even more at a disadvantage. After finally killing the BOSS, the BOSS was revived and returned to his peak state. It was simply disgusting.

That's right.

Qin Luo wanted to vomit right now.

Still.

He could understand.

After all, this was Abyss Mode, and the only chance to obtain the reward was if the Boss was not strong. Wouldn't that mean that the exclusive reward would be taken away at any moment? Then, this special arrangement, for the sake of exciting players, would also give the first person to pass the level, permanently engraving the ID on the Hero Tablet, was meaningless.

"Not bad! I didn't expect you to be related to Death!"

The resurrected Daoist Snake’s face was ashen, no longer as nonchalant as before. His dark green snake eyes grew solemn. Although he still called Qin Luo Sheng a brat, his actions of contempt were completely annihilated.

"Cut the crap, hand over your life!"

Qin Luo Sheng flapped his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and soared into the sky. Like an arrow that had left the bowstring, he slashed towards Daoist Snake who had been held in the air by the grim reaper.

"Although the Law of Death is very strong and the Death God's power of darkness has already reached the upper echelons, I don't believe that you can summon the Death God's shadow twice!"

Daoist Snake sneered. As an expert who had existed since ancient times, the things he had experienced in his life were far from what a newbie like Qin Sheng, who had only lived for less than twenty years, could understand. He could see the flaw in that move with a single glance.

"The Death God is a superior god. In fact, if it's the ones in the ancient legends, they are the supreme gods, even ancient gods, and innate gods. They are strong, but it's precisely because of their strength that they can't enter this small world at will."

“So.”

"The death god that you have summoned is merely a perverted god. Ultimately, he is merely a strong practitioner who has comprehended a certain amount of the law of death. That's all. Even if he can call himself a god, he is still not worthy of being shown on the stage. He is far inferior to those ancient gods, let alone ancient gods, innate gods!"

Daoist Snake looked confident!

Qin Luo Sheng did not quite understand what Daoist She meant, but he knew what she meant. To put it simply, he felt that the Death God he had just summoned was trash that had not been acknowledged by the orthodox lineage. It was like a demon that had become a demon and had not been conferred the title of Heavenly Court. If it was not ranked in the Immortal class, it was ultimately a demon and not a god!

"Cut the crap!"

No matter if it was a true god or a fake god, no matter if it was an innate god or an ancient god, black cat or white cat, those that could catch mice were good cats. No matter what kind of existence Death was, as long as it could kill you, it was enough!

"Sword Thrust Slash!"

With a flash of light, Qin Sheng dashed to Daoist Snake's side from twenty meters away. The Holy Dragon Sword that was wreathed in holy flames and shimmering with golden light slashed out brazenly.

“Allsnake Domain, activate!”

Daoist She did not panic in the slightest in the face of Qin Luo's slash.

He had died once.

He had learned his lesson once, and this time, Daoist Snake would not be careless.

Without another word, he activated his domain ability!

In an instant.

The clear weather was refreshing, and the surroundings changed into a dark green color that emitted a faint and horrifying green light. Not only was the air extremely humid, it was also suffused with an indescribable stench.

Hiss hiss hiss…

Hiss hiss hiss…

Hiss hiss hiss…

Qin Sheng's body stiffened when he heard the tiny sound.

This.

No way?

He turned his head in disbelief and saw that strange-looking poisonous snakes had appeared on the originally empty peak of the Snake God Mountain. At that moment, they were looking at him with cold snake eyes. That strange sound was the sound of their tongues flicking.

An indescribable shudder ran through his body!

Even though he had experienced Qin Sheng descending into the funnel-shaped snake cave at the trial grounds of the beginner village once, he had never been so afraid!

This time was different.

It was really different.

The Snake Cavern in the previous trial had a terrifying terrain. There were snake eggs and a strange Boss Snake Girl everywhere. The snake guarding the Snake Cavern had been destroyed by Qin Sheng using the fire medicine pot because of its self-destruction characteristics.

In other words.

This was the first time Qin Luo was facing the situation of being surrounded by ten thousand snakes!

This scene.

Any normal person would tremble in fear!

He was no exception.

In fact.

Qin Luo Sheng was also quite afraid of snakes. It was just that men were a little more courageous, unlike women who could not even walk when they saw snakes. But now, was this a matter of a snake? There were thousands of them!

"Xiaoxiao, is there any way to break out of this situation?"

Qin Sheng would not feel any pressure fighting against a Daoist Snake, nor would he be afraid. However, facing thousands of poisonous snakes, he was afraid. He could not help but shudder when he imagined the scene of tens of thousands of snakes biting his flesh.

"Even though the dragon's might has a suppressive effect on snakes, my current strength is still a little weak. Moreover, these snakes aren't without owners. Even if they are afraid of the dragon's might, they will still attack us because of Daoist She's forcefully controlling them!"

Xiaoxiao said very calmly, "Therefore, we can only capture the leader first!"

Qin Luo understood in a second!

What he meant was to kill Daoist Snake before the Snake Dowager arrived. As long as Daoist Snake was gone, it was unknown whether the poisonous snakes that appeared because of the domain existed!

Take a step back.

Even if Daoist Snake was dead, these venomous snakes still existed. However, without the control of a strong person, these minions were just a mob. What was there to be afraid of?

But the problem now was!

Instakill a Legendary Boss, and it was even one-shot in his domain. What a joke!

If I really had that ability, would I still have such worries?

He immediately scattered Daoist Snake's disgusting ashes!