Chapter 829: Soul Contract, The Luan Snake Acknowledges Its Master (2)

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned around and looked at the crowd of players looking in his direction. The glint and flames in their eyes made him, who was not even a Legendary Boss, tremble.

"Instance dungeon teleportation, White Bone Mountain!"

Looking at the crowd surrounding him, Qin Luo Sheng made a prompt decision and turned around to talk to the Instance Dungeon Teleporter.

"Please choose the difficulty!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not even look at it. He was more random.

Instantly.

His body disappeared and he was teleported into the instance dungeon.

"Damn, that was close!"

After being freed, Qin Sheng could not help but wipe the cold sweat off his forehead and heave a sigh of relief.

Damn it!

This was too terrifying!

Those guys looked like they wanted to eat him!

Especially the girls!

F*ck!

My legs have gone soft!

"Let's go back! We're already Level 50 now. It's time to explore the Imperial City!"

He took out the returning scroll and was about to crush it when Qin Sheng thought for a moment and put it back. "Forget it, since I've already entered, there's no one here to disturb me. It's a good time to check my spoils of war! As for the Imperial City, there's no rush. Anyway, the second place East Imperial is only Level 48. The higher the level, the harder it is. Especially between Level 49 and 50. That requires 100 million experience. The dog system is inhumane!"

He opened his backpack!

Qin Qin Sheng composed himself a little, then his expression turned extremely ugly!

Looking at the spoils of war inside, Qin Sheng finally remembered that he had not picked up Daoist Snake's treasure!

% $… * & *%

Instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng flailed his arms and legs violently, cursing incoherently.

"F*ck you, this is a huge loss!"

After gritting his teeth and cursing angrily, Qin Luo Sheng finally calmed down. However, he felt even more upset. "That's an enhanced Legendary Boss. Furthermore, it's the final Boss of the dungeon. It's the first time I've been killed and it's an ancient beast… What did I miss?"

Heartache!

His heart ached so much that he could not breathe!

This wave.

He had lost all his underwear!

Other than the first clear rewards and first clear rewards, what else was there?

He only had 350,000 experience points!

And what had he paid for this battle?

He had to resist the terrifying shockwave that was comparable to a nuclear bomb with all his might. He had even used the precious Reverse Scroll twice to achieve victory!

For that.

After that, he slept for more than ten hours in exhaustion before recovering!

Originally, there should have been at least one powerful piece of authentic Legendary equipment, several pieces of Advanced Epic equipment that could miraculously evolve into Legendary equipment by starlight. There should have been quite a lot of Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins. Furthermore, the quality of these items must be very high. Perhaps, there were scrolls, skill books, blueprints, and other things!

Unfortunately.

There was nothing left now!

Sigh!

Forget it!

If I get it, I'm lucky. If I don't, I'm doomed!

Otherwise, what else could he do?

He had been lamenting over this?

Without the loot that Daoist Snake had dropped, he had already checked the rest of the items, such as the ones that killed the Titan Python. Although he did not know their attributes, he already knew the grade of the items. There would not be any surprises.

The rest.

It could only be due to the first instance dungeon that the system rewarded him!

There was nothing to say about the rewards for the four attributes and the special attributes.

What Qin Luo Sheng's gaze landed on was the special scroll and special skill!

He looked at the scroll first.

[Reversal Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Reversal

Introduction: A scroll with mystical powers can reverse any equipment or item's single attribute! (Only effective for those below the Legendary level)

Damn!

Was it that shocking when he just arrived?

The abilities recorded on the scroll immediately shocked Qin Sheng!

Reverse Scroll.

If one did not understand it wrongly, the ability of this item could, in short, reverse the attributes of equipment or items. For example, + 100 Attack became -100 Attack, + 5 Luck points became -5 Luck points!

Eh!

Qin Luo immediately understood.

Seemingly.

This thing was quite useful to him!

Because.

He had a few "flaws"!

If he could use the Reversal Scroll to erase these flaws, wouldn't that be perfect?

He checked it out.

Qin Luo Sheng listed out the next negative equipment.

Blood Demon Bead, Luck -5!

Ghost Face, Luck -10!

Death's Embrace, Constitution -100, Charm -10!

That's right.

There were only three!

Initially, there was still the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice]. However, it was a pity that when he was killed by the Ancient BOSS, Elder Feng, in the Demon Mine, that thing was also taken away!

There was only one Reversal Scroll, and it could only take effect once!

The charm value was excluded!

With Qin Luo's charm value as the Master of the Stars, no matter how much his equipment was deducted, he would still be a MAX!

Blood Demon Pearl!

It was also ruled out!

It was the same decrease in luck. The Blood Demon Pearl was 5, and the Ghost Face had 10!

Since that was the case…

Even if he had to choose his Luck Points, it would definitely be -10 points from the Ghost Face -10 points to + 10 points instead of 5 points from the Blood Demon Pearl!

Now.

There was a problem!

Was it luck or constitution?

10 points of Luck and 100 points of Constitution!

Needless to say.

Even an idiot knew how to choose!

If it was 1: 100!

Perhaps there was some hesitation!

But 10: 100!

Then there was no doubt about it!

This was especially so for a hacker like Qin Sheng who had an explosive attribute. The reward for clearing the dungeon single-handedly was a total attribute + 300 points. A mere 100 points of Constitution was nothing!

"Reverse Scroll, reverse the equipment of the Ghost Face, reverse -10 Luck points!"

"Successful use, reversal!"

Activate the scroll!

Success!

Qin Luo Sheng opened the attribute of the devil's mask again and nodded in satisfaction.

His originally -10 Luck points were now + 10!

Awesome!

[Bone Shrinking Art (Special)] Requirement: None!

Looking at the special skill!

Bone Shrinking Art!

When these three words entered Qin Sheng's eyes, a scene appeared in his mind.

Special skills could not use the Starlight Miracle.

Qin Sheng would naturally not let go of a special skill that did not require anything and immediately learned it!

[Bone Shrinking Technique (Special)] allowed one to change their bones to their heart's content, and to a certain extent, change their body size!

That's right.

It was the expected Bone Shrinking Art!

"This thing!"

Staring at the introduction of the Bone Shrinking Skill in the skill column, Qin Sheng could not think of its use for the time being!

"Forget it, I've already learned it. Don't think too much about it! I don't have any useless abilities. It's just that it's not time yet!"

He closed the skill column.

Qin Luo rubbed his hands together.

He began to look through the final loot.

Soul Contract!

Luan Snake!

[Luan Snake (???)]

Level: 50

Type: Summoned Beast

Grade: Legendary

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 780000

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 80,000

Physical Defense: 12,000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 15,000

Skill: [Spirit Snake] Increases dodging and movement speed by 30%. Between the mountains and rivers, dodging and movement speed increase to 50%!

[Luan Snake Race Spell Technique] was a unique spell of the Luan Snake Race. Only those with the Luan Snake bloodline could learn it! (Current 50% Forbidden, 50% Sealed)

[Spirit Accumulation Blessing] bound people: Weeping Soul, when fighting alongside Weeping Soul, both parties' attributes will be + 100%, and all elemental resistance will be + 20%!

[Luan Shadow Bewildering Formation] released the unique disorienting aura of the Luan Snake Clan, covering an area of 50 * 50. It did not differentiate between friend and foe. All living beings within it would trigger the most primitive desire in their hearts. If they could not release it, they would burn themselves to death. If they released their essence, their attributes would decrease by 30%! Duration: 1 minute! Cooldown: 7 days!