Chapter 824: The Last Hope

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng's body burst forth with boundless green light.

That green color contained endless life force!

The area that was originally filled with runes was barren and withered. However, under the influence of the life force, grass broke out of the ground in an instant, flowers bloomed, trees grew, lush and full of vitality!

At the same time.

The tied-up Luan Snake shuddered and lifted its lowered head slightly. Through its black hair, it revealed a pair of extremely charming peach blossom eyes. Initially, there wasn't much anticipation in its eyes, but in that instant, endless hope blossomed!

Her!

There was hope!

"Brat, stop!"

Daoist Snake's roar was filled with shock, anger, and fear as it shook the heavens and shook the earth. It stirred up gusts of violent wind in an attempt to stop everything.

Yet.

It was too late!

Rumble…

Boulders shattered, mountains collapsed!

Daoist Snake’s body finally broke free.

A thousand feet long figure flew out.

Terrifying might engulfed the entire region.

When the Snake God Mountain collapsed, Qin Sheng lost his footing and fell towards the ground.

"Rise!"

The Wings of the Rain-Dragon stretched out, and the three-meter-long Dragonbone Wings were activated by Qin Sheng. "Rain-Dragon Shadow Wing Slash!"

The draconic energy of the Winged Dragon flew out like a blade of bamboo, completely crushing the shattered mountain rocks in front of Qin Luo.

"Yi Wood Revival!"

As he roared, Qin Sheng's glowing green right hand reached up from below towards the Luan Snake that had fallen because of the landslide. In the chaos, it touched her body.

Instantly.

Extremely rich life power was released and poured into the Luan Snake’s body.

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

A wave of sounds that seemed like the beating of a heart resounded like a heavy drum.

That was.

The sound of the Luan Snake's energy awakening.

A pink stream of air suddenly appeared on her body.

Although her body was weak and her limbs were bound by four gigantic deep-sea cold chains, her hair was flying wildly as she fell freely in the air. Her originally ordinary body gave Qin Sheng the feeling that a primordial beast was about to awaken, making him extremely terrified!

“Bastard! Damn it! Damn it!”

As an ancient snake, Daoist Snake immediately realized that his plan had failed and that his arch-enemy had escaped. Instantly, he became extremely irritable, and his snake eyes revealed a cruel and cold expression. "Since you're not going to be used by me, then let's destroy together!—Snake Soul Annihilation Wave!"

"F*ck, is this guy crazy?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with despair as he looked at the shockwave that was at least a hundred meters in diameter and contained extremely terrifying destructive power. His entire person was about to collapse.

He had already!

There was nothing he could do!

Forget about resisting, he didn't even have a chance to escape.

How could an existence like Daoist Snake give any chance to deal a fatal blow?

Under the envelopment of the shockwave, even the space had distorted, sealing off Qin Luo Sheng's only escape route!

"Hey, Big Sis, what are you doing? We're going to die!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but ask as he looked at the phoenix whose pink aura was getting thicker.

"Block it, I still need some time!"

The Luan Snake coldly replied. Then, it stopped talking and focused on recovering and breaking the barrier!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn!

You want me to block it?

Do you think too highly of me?

Just a little bit of energy was enough to insta-kill me, and you f*cking want me to take it all?

“It’s all up to you now. She can only revive after breaking free from the deep sea cold chains that seal the array formation. Now, she’s even worse than you!”

A small reminder came again.

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth. He did not even care about his own body and allowed the Luan Snake to fall from the sky. He flapped his wings and blocked the Luan Snake's body. As he descended, he faced the huge shock wave that descended from the sky like a green sun!

"Resist! Resist! Resist! Only resist! Otherwise, even if I sacrifice myself and risk my life, I won't be able to stop this shockwave from descending. Once the Luan Snake that is currently breaking its seal is affected, then all my previous efforts will be wasted. I will no longer be able to deal with Daoist Snake!"

Even in the face of such extreme danger, Qin Sheng did not panic. His brain was still analyzing calmly.

"Sacred Dragon Protection? Sacred Dragon Protection? Ice Ring Barrier? Heart-Protecting Mirror? The Goddess of Life's blessing?"

No!

None of that would do!

In front of absolute strength, any tricks were useless!

Holy Dragon Protection's immunity?

He could only be immune to it for a moment, and this breakthrough was a continuous crushing!

Holy Dragon Protection's damage reduction?

Even if the damage was reduced by 90%, it was still not enough. As long as he came into contact with it, the shock wave would be enough to kill him!

Ice Ring Barrier?

That was even more impossible!

This barrier that allowed him to be unlimitedly immune to damage, the prerequisite was that he was tough enough, and the damage from the shock wave had definitely exceeded the limit of effect, his total health points!

Heart-Protecting Mirror's protective ability?

Only once!

What happened after the first time?

Facing continuous damage, he still had to die!

The resurrection ability of the Goddess of Life's Blessing?

Just like the Heart-Protecting Mirror!

If he died in a second, even if he revived three times, he would only be able to last for three seconds. It was meaningless!

Could it be…

Was there really no other way?

Qin Luo Sheng was very depressed!

‘ No.’

There was another way.

Qin Luo Sheng's thoughts wandered as he thought of the Lords of the Stars!

"Even though I don't know if it's feasible, but it's up to the person to do it. Right now, there's only this slightly hopeful method!"

As he watched the shockwave get closer, boundless courage suddenly burst forth from Qin Sheng's heart. "Let's fight!"

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

Once again!

Qin Qin Sheng once again utilized his ability to clear the CD of Starlight Blessing!

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—Starlight Spirit Mirror!"

"The choice is a success. The Starlight Spirit Mirror's ability has reached the pinnacle!"

Come on!

Under the extreme threat, Qin Luo's face contorted into a sinister smile!

"Backtrack Scroll!"

A tattered scroll flashed past!

Again.

The ability of the Retroactive Scroll was unleashed!

"Please choose your target!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

There was no hesitation.

Qin Luo once again chose the Starlight Blessing.

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Light of the Brave]!"

"Successfully chosen, the Light of the Brave has been upgraded to the extreme!"

——————

PS1: Starlight Spirit Mirror: The spirit mirror formed from the radiance of the stars has the ability to counterattack.

PS2: Light of the Brave: Exhaustible. After activating it, infuse the Brave's Glory into the chosen equipment or skill and unleash double the effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!