Chapter 827: Come, Gentleman ~

"What the horned snake wants is nothing more than the Spirit's Blessing unique to my Luan Snake Clan. With this, I can greatly increase my cultivation and obtain a certain level of cultivation! However, this Spirit's Blessing requires me to be willing before it can take effect. I'm unwilling. If he dares to take it by force, not only will he not obtain any benefits, he will even be cursed. The gains do not make up for the losses!"

The Luan Snake continued, "The horned snake had no other choice, but it was unwilling! Thus, it could only trap me, persuade me every day, brainwash me, and try to make me change my mind. However, how could I not know his nature? He spoke nicely, but once he obtained what he wanted, not to mention letting me out and compensating me, he would definitely devour my flesh and blood essence energy to nourish himself!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not seem to understand.

In fact.

He understood most of it.

After all.

In his previous life, there were many fantasy novels and movies on Earth. It was not difficult to understand these things.

Still.

He did not understand certain terms and strange abilities. Of course, this did not prevent him from understanding the plot!

“So what are your plans?”

Qin Qin Sheng asked, "Now that you've gotten your revenge, you've also broken free. The world is indeed vast and boundless. Even if this world is no longer the world you knew back then, it doesn't matter. I believe that you can find the place where your heart belongs in this era and acknowledge and integrate with it!"

"You're really interesting!"

The Luan Snake stared blankly at Qin Luo for a few seconds before smiling.

In an instant.

It was like a hundred flowers blooming!

Qin Luo was instantly lost!

“If possible, I really wish to see this era you speak of!”

The Luan Snake sighed lightly and said, "It's a pity that I've been sealed for too long. Every day, I'm deprived of my spiritual power by that vicious rune formation, and it's not far from drying up. Just now, I forcefully used a secret technique to exhaust my essence blood and vital qi. I even exterminated the horned snake and forcefully resisted its technique and curse. My injuries are aggravated, and there's no medicine to treat them. I won't be able to live for long!"

Qin Sheng:…

"I'm sorry! If it weren't for me, you could have left unscathed!"

Although it was only their first meeting, fate was sometimes so strange. Qin Sheng had never thought that he would one day be sad over a woman he had only met once!

"Do you have any other wishes?"

What was done was done. There was no turning back.

Qin Luo Sheng suppressed the bitterness in his heart as he looked at the luan snake's charming and beautiful face. At this moment, he no longer had any thoughts of a man towards a woman. Instead, he promised her with utmost sincerity, "Although I'm not talented, if you have any requests, you will definitely repay them with your life and not disappoint!"

Puchi!

The luan laughed again.

Qin Luo could not help bursting into laughter as he looked at Qin Sheng who was suppressing his sadness with a solemn look on his face!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

This smile.

Qin Sheng was dumbfounded.

What was going on?

Big Sis!

In such a solemn atmosphere, could he not skip the show?

You do that.

This is f * * king embarrassing!

Just like an idiot!

He was being so nervous alone!

"I've already said it just now!"

The Luan Snake blinked playfully at Qin Sheng and said, "I'll say it again!—Are you willing to accept me?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

"I… I don't understand what you mean!"

The Luan Snake gazed deeply at Qin Luo with its peach blossom eyes. Qin Sheng could even see his own reflection in her green pupils!

"My Luan Snake Clan adheres to the Yin and Yang Dao, and we stand against the Yang Dao!"

The Luan Snake said, “My clan’s Spirit Convergence Blessing is a treasure that all cultivators dream of obtaining, and even Immortal Buddhas and gods covet it endlessly. If it wasn’t for the Luan Snake’s willing sacrifice, my clan would have probably been used as a furnace a long time ago, imprisoned and raised by those sanctimonious gods and Buddhas, and become slaves!”

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

"Previously, I said that the Spirit Accumulation Blessing can increase one's level and absorb a portion of my strength!"

At this point, the Luan Snake blushed and said shyly, "Moreover, as the number of Yin and Yang fusions increases, as well as the depth of the fusion between the two parties' spiritual desires, it produces many wonderful effects. Among them, it includes healing injuries, replenishing vital qi and blood essence, and even evolving bloodlines!"

Qin Qin Sheng understood at this moment!

Damn!

Wasn't this the legendary Dual Cultivation?

Tsk!

There was actually such a good thing?

Did I save the Earth or the Milky Way in my previous life?

"Xiaoxiao, is this real or fake?"

With beauty in front of you, you can take whatever you want. I'll invite you to have a night of pleasure and spend time together.

Not even a man could take it!

The temptation was too great!

Yet.

Qin Luo had withstood it!

He maintained a will.

There was no free lunch in this world!

Except.

He couldn’t tell if it was real or fake. If he were to refuse, wouldn’t he be cutting off their chance to live?

Thus…

He could only seek help from Xiaoxiao, who would never harm him!

"Hmph!"

A cold harrumph sounded in his mind.

Xiaoxiao neither answered nor warned him.

Qin Luo immediately understood.

This was real!

At this moment.

His IQ reached 1000 points!

He instantly understood the complex content and meaning behind that "hmph"!

"Are you willing to help me?"

The Luan Snake looked at Qin Luo coquettishly and spoke in a gentle tone, with a hint of coquettishness.

Sigh!

This is killing me!

Who could withstand this?

"Although I am not a gentleman, I will not take advantage of others when they are in danger. I am also responsible for your matters!"

Qin Luo had thousands of wishes in his heart, but he still had to put on a show. He then said firmly, "I'm willing to cooperate with you! However, you have to think it through carefully! Once it starts, it'll be a matter of a lifetime and you'll never be able to turn back!"

"I've already thought it through!” The Luan Snake waved his hand and took off his white dress. With a gentle tone, he said in a delicate voice," Come, husband ~ ~ ~ ~”

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shuddered. In an instant, he was lost in the boundless fragrance!

ear.

A faint voice sounded.

"Ding… Congratulations on completing the hidden storyline of the Snake God Mountain. You have obtained the favor of the Luan Snake and signed a soul contract with you…"

———————

Time passed.

When Qin Luo woke up, he opened his eyes and saw the ceiling.

He got up from the gaming capsule and looked at his phone. It was 1 pm!

She slept soundly!

A dream without a trace!

No!

It was no longer Traceless!

He remembered it clearly.

That extreme gentleness, extreme enjoyment, and the unprecedented fusion of spiritual desires really made Qin Sheng unforgettable.

Even if he had only had one woman and had only enjoyed it twice, he was still his "first brother"!

But Qin Luo was also 100% certain.

It was definitely a supreme pleasure to have a spring breeze with the Luan Snake!

Maybe.

It would never happen again!

——————

Author's Note: Thank you, newbie, big brother's bulldozer, for adding 2 to big brother!