Chapter 828: Soul Contract, The Luan Snake Acknowledges Its Master (1)

Since he had already come out, Qin Luo also resisted the urge to enter the game immediately!

It had already happened. Whether it was good or bad, it had already happened!

He had already obtained the reward. No matter how little it was, he would leave it there!

It wouldn't take too long!

Out!

Foraging for food!

The life of a rich person was good. There was no need to worry about anything. Someone was taking care of everything for you.

Even if it was just eating.

There was no need to order takeout.

Especially for people who had difficulty choosing, ordering takeout was simply torture!

He instructed.

The hired chef immediately took action upon receiving the order.

As for what to eat?

The chef could do whatever he wanted!

If you don't have anything you want to eat, hand it to an expert. That's right. He will tell you what to eat at this time, this season, or even this weather!

Qin Luo Sheng was from Yudu. Sichuan Cuisine and Jianghu Cuisine (CQ Cuisine) were his favorites!

Logically speaking, one shouldn't eat so spicy on such a hot day. However, Yu Du was a human after all. Even if one didn't like spicy food, when one ate something light, it really didn't taste like that.

After all, it was a taste that belonged to the hometown. It had been with your taste buds since you were young, engraved in your memory and labelled in your stomach. It was not that easy to change!

Just like how the people of Shanghai liked to eat sweet dishes, it was just a local habit. There was no difference in quality. It was purely a difference in taste. That was all!

Even though this was an era of information development, the people of the major regions were not limited to the local areas. Not to mention China, even the whole world had Chinese cuisine.

‘ Of course.’

When other flavors entered, they would gradually change due to various reasons. Even if they were not completely compatible, they would at least suit the local eating habits.

In this aspect, the foreign countries were the most important!

There were similar situations in Shanghai. However, there were many authentic Sichuan Cuisine Restaurant and Jianghu Cuisine!

The master chef that Du Qiangwei hired was well-versed in the culinary arts. His Sichuan Cuisine skills were exceptional!

At least.

Qin Qin Sheng was enjoying his meal.

In the past, when he was a poor kid, he would eat at a small restaurant by the side of the street. At most, he would enter a small restaurant. Sometimes, if he was lucky, he would be able to eat the old taste. But most of the time, he would only eat the common taste of the masses.

This private chef that was specially hired with a high salary was definitely not weaker than the chefs of star hotels, even if he wasn't a master chef. In fact, he was especially good. That taste was awesome!

They wolfed down the food.

Qin Luo Sheng used his ability to clear the plates. There was a table full of twelve dishes. Other than some soup and water, everything else was stuffed into his stomach.

As his ability improved, his appetite increased. In the past, he and Nannan were able to finish all the dishes on the table. Now, he could finish all of them by himself. He had only eaten 70% full. He was not satisfied!

Nan Nan!

When he suddenly thought of this name, Qin Sheng's expression could not help but dim slightly.

As matters stood.

Qin Qin Sheng was also very clear about Nan Nan's identity. She was his neighbor's child and his father was his brother due to their seniority. His parents came to Shanghai for work and passed away in a car accident. He became the guardian…

These.

It was all fake!

But Nan Nan was real!

That memory!

The unique fragrance in the room!

Those traces of living together!

It couldn't be fake!

As for why no one else could remember Nan Nan other than him, there was no memory of her at all!

Even if he had transmigrated and obtained the things in the virtual world (Demon Wheel of Fear), he, an ordinary person, had evolved into Superman…

These.

Qin Sheng could not understand it at all!

To the end.

How did Nan Nan do it? How did she erase the memories of everyone except him?

If Nan Nan had never gone out, that would be fine. However, she had gone out with him before and had even met her ex-brother's family. She got along well with Su You Ran. During a period of time, Sister Su would chat with him about Nan Nan.

Removing memories!

Furthermore, it had erased so many people's memories!

Just how terrifying was this power?

‘ No.’

This couldn’t be described as strength, and it was the energy of the gods!

Except God.

Who else had such an ability?

"Hu…"

Qin Luo let out a long breath of turbid air. He looked at the table that the wolf had borrowed from him and did not clean it up. He picked up the remaining half cup of frozen Fat Otaku Happy Water, drained it in one gulp, and left.

"Nan Nan, no matter what, I will find you!"

"Perhaps you have your difficulties, and I am not qualified to come into contact with your level."

"However, just you wait. One day, I will stand at the same height as you."

"At that time, I was listening to your story!"

…

After taking a short stroll, she digested her food.

Qin Luo Sheng contacted his former parents and chatted with his younger brother and sister for a while. When he heard that the gaming capsule had been delivered, he could not help but laugh when he heard the excited voices of the two guys.

He didn't give any instructions and didn't act like an elder brother.

Killing a child's nature was an extremely foolish act.

Besides.

This was Blue Star, not Earth.

Fate Dimension had the support of the country, and it might even become a competitive world in the future. Only those who were ignorant and backward would think that the game was a disaster.

As an elder brother and capable, he naturally had to provide a more comfortable environment and platform for his younger siblings!

As for education?

That was his parents' business!

As long as he did not make any mistakes, Qin Sheng would not care about anything!

After memorizing his younger siblings' IDs, Qin Luo went to the gym to masturbate for a while!

Even if he did not exercise now, his body would not have any problems. However, he still did it out of habit. Furthermore, by doing so, he could slightly numb the owner of this villa who was being monitored everywhere!

Even.

Qin Luo Sheng's current room also had extremely well-hidden high-tech surveillance cameras!

On his first day here, he had already detected it with his powerful Spirit Absolute.

However…

It was just not exposed!

Since he had chosen this path, he had to complete it. Even if he had to point out or destroy the camera, so what?

Instead, it made others even more worried and chose to monitor him more closely!

It was not worth it!

"Tsk tsk, spying on me?"

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the gym and headed to his room. A sly smile appeared on his face. "I just don't know if the person behind the camera dares to watch Du Qiangwei having sex with me in my room that day? Did that woman deal with him after that?"

…

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

White light flashed.

Qin Luo opened his eyes and discovered that his current position was actually in front of the teleportation formation!

Before she could react, she was interrupted by countless screams.

"F*ck!"

————

Author’s Note: I wish everyone a happy May Day in advance. It wasn’t easy for me to take a long vacation, and my family has already arranged to go out and play. This update will definitely be tragic. I have time today, so I’ll thank you a little first. Without a doubt, I’ll make up for it later. Everyone, have fun on May Day!