Chapter 822: The Revival Of The Snake Deity, Qin Luo'S Trump Card

"Dragon Snake Dance!"

Daoist Snake panicked.

Under Qin Luo's war god-like stance, he panicked.

His body split apart and manifested.

One was a snake, a strange snake with a horn on its forehead and spikes on its back!

One was a dragon, a dragon that had yet to fully evolve. It belonged to the category of flood dragons and had a unique shape!

Dragons and snakes intertwined and danced. Energy bloomed…

Violent tornadoes were born from the rotation of the two. They were mixed with energy fluctuations, and their destructive power was far greater than ordinary tornadoes.

"Do you want to crush them with this attitude?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Then come and try!"

He stopped in his tracks and held the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand. He gathered his strength and waited with bated breath!

“… Heaven… Break… Slash…”

A sharp cold glint accompanied the golden longsword as it was brandished. In an instant, it burst forth and transformed into a long and narrow sword beam. Carrying the power of destruction, it slashed towards Daoist Snake's tornado formed by dancing dragons and snakes.

Swoosh…

The Sky-Splitting Slash had always been successful. It could kill the Undead Lich who had stolen the power of the Moon God, the Snow Goddess who had mastered the Nomological Laws, and the invincible Black Dragon King Long Yuan…

I can also kill you!

Daoist Snake!

The sword qi passed, the wind and rain stopped, and the violent winds stopped!

The strange snake and flood dragon that were wreaking havoc in the tornado suddenly appeared.

-13,800,000!

An eight-digit damage value flashed.

The terrifying damage of almost 14 million almost wiped out Daoist Snake's already dissatisfied HP bar.

Click.

A crisp sound rang out.

The horn on the strange snake's head was broken!

At the same time.

The Flood Dragon also vanished. It was as if nothing had happened, as if everything were real and illusory.

"The snake is your body, and the flood dragon is your evolution, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked coldly at Daoist Snake who was bleeding from his forehead and had a pained expression on his face. He snorted and said, "The evolution failed and didn't turn into a true dragon, but the true form of the flood dragon was preserved. In this way, there is the true form of the snake and the evolution of the flood dragon. The two combined into one and danced for the dragon and snake. What a great ability!"

Daoist Snake didn't say anything. He just glared at Qin Sheng hatefully with his cold snake eyes.

"It's a pity that this dragon is a fake product. Although it's said to dance like a dragon, it's actually just a dancing dragon snake. It's even a castrated version. Hahahaha…"

"Bastard!"

Daoist Snake was about to explode from anger after being mocked by a junior.

Except.

No one was strong now.

So what if he was angry?

It was just impotence!

Daoist Snake had been secretly rolling around for so many years, and his mentality had long been tempered to perfection. Naturally, he could not easily lose his rationality like a naive, inexperienced fool.

"Don't try anything funny. I should be arrogant, but I'm not arrogant!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his right hand and pointed the Sacred Dragon Sword at Daoist Snake from afar. Under the undying battle intent, his battle intent was still shocking. "Come, let's fight again!"

Then.

His body transformed into a stream of light again as he dashed towards Daoist Snake.

"With my blood as sacrifice, my soul, return!"

Daoist Snake was at his wits’ end. Facing Qin Sheng, who was emitting golden radiance like the morning sun, he hammered his chest and spat out a mouthful of blood essence. In an instant, the earth shook and the mountains shook.

The corpse that was originally a mountain seemed to have revived at this moment.

Snake God Mountain collapsed.

The spiraling body that was at least 10,000 feet long broke free from the rocks and trees on the surface of its body, revealing its original body. It was exactly the same as the strange snake with a single horn on its forehead when the dragon-snake danced!

???

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned.

Looking at the huge snake whose eyes were at least 30 to 40 meters in diameter, he almost collapsed.

WCNM!

Dog System.

What the hell was this?

Are you sure this is a BOSS that players can defeat?

Damn you!

“Heavenly Eye, open!”

He focused his gaze and released his Heaven's Eyes.

Indeed.

The entire screen was filled with question marks.

Damn it!

They couldn't even find the name of the monster, let alone its attributes, grade, skills, and background.

His level was at least Level 70 and above, which surpassed his level by 20. Furthermore, his grade and power were definitely top-notch, even more terrifying than the Black Dragon Dragon Abyss!

Damn it!

As expected of an ancient mutated snake. Its cultivation ability was far beyond what it could compare to when it had lost a large amount of spiritual energy. A snake was stronger than a True Dragon. Furthermore, it was in a weakened state after its death.

"Save me, save me…"

Just as Qin Luo was at a loss on what to do and was struggling between life and death, he suddenly heard a soft murmur.

"Quick, over there!"

A little anxious voice sounded in his mind.

Qin Qin Sheng no longer hesitated. He immediately turned around and headed in the direction of Xiaoxiao!

“Wild Bite!”

His body was still bound, but the snake head at the top had already been freed. Daoist Snake's cold gaze looked over, and when he saw Qin Luo Sheng's route, he was immediately enraged. He opened his mouth, and his main body could not move, but the energy transformed into a snake's kiss had already landed.

Bang…

The explosive damage caused Qin Sheng, who had been in a weakened state after using the Sky Slash, to die instantly.

"Ding, you have suffered an attack that exceeds your total health points in one go. The Heart-Protecting Mirror's ability is effective. Maintain 1 health point to avoid death!"

At the critical moment, the Heart-Protecting Mirror worked.

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

Qin Luo Sheng used a healing technique without any hesitation. Not only did his health points instantly fill up, he even wiped away the side effects of weakness and returned to his peak state.

Except.

In the face of such a terrifying beast that was more than three thousand meters long, even at his peak, Qin Sheng was not a dish at all!

Fly!

Fly!

Continue flying!

His body broke the sound barrier.

Qin Luo Sheng boosted his Wind Walk and Holy Dragon Shadows Step, using all the speed skills that could be boosted.

"Save me, save me…"

The cries for help rang out continuously and became clearer as Qin Luo approached.

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng saw the figure of the rescuer.

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

Without waiting for Qin Luo to see it clearly, Qin Luo hurriedly activated the defensive technique of the Sacred Dragon Armor and canceled out one attack. He then took advantage of the interval between the attacks to advance another distance.

"Exemption!"

At the same time.

Qin Luo Sheng activated skill immunity.

This skill could form a special energy shield within five seconds of activation to counteract the skill.

Right.

It was not an attack, but a skill.

Whether this skill was an offensive skill or something else, it would not affect Qin Sheng at all.

For example, restrictive skills such as Confinement, Capture, Bind, and so on!

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

“Ice Ring Barrier!”

Another two skills were used. This was a Divine Combination Technique that Qin Sheng had never used after he had developed it. He had thought that after the True Dragon Bloodline, the three Dragon Blood Skills, as well as the many skills and shadow warriors had disappeared, his battle prowess would be greatly reduced and he could use it as a trump card in his trump card. He had not expected that he would have to use it so quickly.

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

————

PS1: [Holy Dragon Protection] consumes 3,000 mana points and reduces 90% of physical magic damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

PS2: [Holy Dragon Protection] consumes 5000 magic points to counteract the incoming physical magic damage. Cooldown: 30 minutes!

[PS3: [Exemption (Special)] has no energy consumption. After activating it for five seconds, it will form a special energy field. It will nullify any skills that target you (including damage skills and control skills), rendering them useless! Cooldown: 10 minutes!

PS4: [Ice Ring Barrier] Passive effect. When attacked, there is a chance to activate the Barrier and form an ice wall. It can completely block some of the damage. Active effect. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. When the single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own mana), you are completely immune to damage. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. When the single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own health points), you are completely immune to damage! Duration: 30 seconds! Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS5: The Sacred Dragon's Protection reduced damage by 90%. Moreover, after the Ice Ring Barrier was activated, if the damage was not up to the standard under the two conditions, it would be completely immune! Daoist Snake's attack was reduced by 90%. Naturally, the damage could not exceed the many augmentation skills of Qin Sheng (20 meters away). Therefore, attack all MISSs! This was considered compensation for the external modification after losing the Shadow Warrior and Dragon's Blood!

< EMPTY >