Chapter 823: Backtrack Scroll, Activated

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

Countless attacks rained down, but this time was completely different.

It was undoubtedly an instant kill just now, but now, it was completely MISS!

This was not the effect of Qin Sheng's super evasion ability, but a compulsory immunity!

This was Qin Sheng's trump card.

This was the terrifying combination of the Holy Dragon Protection and Ice Ring!

"Impossible!"

Daoist She was shocked when he saw Qin Luo unharmed.

Unwilling to believe in the supernatural, he continued to attack ferociously. One after another, thick waves of energy crashed down and landed on Qin Sheng's body with incomparable precision. However, just like before, it was completely useless!

"Damn brat, don't even think about it!"

Seeing that his attack was ineffective, Daoist Snake wanted to completely break free from the mountain rock's restraints. However, it would take time before he could completely break free. He instantly became anxious and roared, "Snake Blood God Whip!"

In an instant!

A blood-red whip of energy lashed out ferociously towards Qin Sheng.

Pa!

A heavy whip landed, coiling towards Qin Sheng like a spirit snake.

This.

Not only did he want to hurt Qin Luo, he also wanted to tie him up!

Yet.

Ding… immunity has taken effect. Snake Blood God Whip has failed!

A crisp system prompt made Qin Luo feel as if he had drunk a bottle of cold beer three days ago. It was awesome!

This prediction cancelled out the control. It was like a foresight. Especially when he saw Daoist Snake's dumbstruck expression, he felt great satisfaction!

"Who are you…"

The Snake-Blooded Divine Whip did not work. Daoist Snake did not have his last resort. Qin Sheng, who was already infinitely close to his destination, easily arrived at the center of the Runic Sealing Array. As he looked at the figure bound by four chains to the mountain, who could not even move, a look of pity flashed through Qin Sheng's heart. He hurriedly shouted, "How can I save you?!"

"That guy has gone crazy. Even if the last bit of spiritual power in his body is gone, he will not let me out. Once I escape, he will face a calamity. At that time, both body and soul will be destroyed, and there will be no possibility of revival!"

That figure with her head lowered and her face hidden by her black hair made it impossible for others to see who she was. Qin Sheng could only determine from her voice and Daoist Snake's introduction that she was a woman, or was she a powerhouse born in ancient times just like Daoist Snake? She was also an existence called Luan Snake!

"There are only two ways to save me. The first is to make up for the deficit in my body and restore me to my peak condition. This requires a powerful life force. Unless you have a unique treasure or a spiritual pill, it's impossible!"

She said extremely quickly, "The second is to sever these four Deep Sea Divine Chains that bind me and break this God Confining Array to bring me away. As long as I can avoid Daoist Snake's line of sight, I will have a way to escape him. At that time, I just need some time to absorb spiritual aura and recuperate. Then, I can make a comeback and take revenge!"

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

What's the difference between saying it and not saying it?

If I had the ability, I wouldn't have needed you. I would have killed Daoist Snake!

"Xiaoxiao, I think I should fight Daoist Snake again!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a bitter smile, "I still have the Scroll of Time Backtrack for a total of five times. In addition, today's Starlight Backtrack has never been used before. With one more hug from the Death God, combined with the Starlight Blessing that has evolved to the pinnacle of the Sky Breaking Strike, I might be able to instakill Daoist Snake's true body!"

"Impossible!"

Xiaoxiao said calmly, "The Heaven-Splitting Slash requires three seconds to accumulate power. No one would be stupid enough to give you that time!"

The Death God’s Law was tyrannical.

Even Daoist Snake, who had returned to his original form, could not escape the embrace of Death!

However!

The problem was, after using Death's Embrace and reducing 90% of his attributes, how was he going to get rid of the remaining 10% of his health points?

Daoist Snake, who was in his true form, could not even see any information from his Heavenly Eye. There were only question marks all over the screen.

This meant that he had at least surpassed Qin Luo's current level of 20. Under the suppression of his level, he could not even land an attack, so how could he deal damage?

The only thing that could cause damage was real damage or special effects, such as destruction and fracture!

There was only one skill with the ability, Sky Slash!

“Then we’ll use the first method!” Xiaoxiao said again. “Recover this guy’s ability and let the two of them fight it out. We’ll reap the benefits!”

"I wish!" Qin Luo said helplessly. "But how do I recover? Spirit pills or life energy…"

Eh!

Wait!

Qin Luo suddenly understood.

Life energy!

Boundless life force!

F*ck!

Why didn't he think of that earlier?

"Xiaoxiao, are you talking about…" Qin Sheng asked Xiaoxiao expectantly, "Yi Wood Resuscitation? Or Ultimate Healing Technique?"

"Yi Wood Resuscitation!" Xiaoxiao explained quickly. "The Ultimate Healing Spell is too masculine, and this guy in front of you is a type of mutated snake. He is a cold-blooded animal and will be afraid of fire, lightning, and other extremely masculine energies. If you use the Ultimate Healing Spell, she will die faster!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Then let's have Yi Wood Revival!"

Time was of the essence.

Even though the time it took to communicate with the tiny spirit was extremely short, Daoist Snake had already charged over in the blink of an eye. His enormous body covered the sky and blotted out the sun. Especially that snake head that hung down, it was terrifying to the point of swallowing an entire mountain with a single gulp. Its snake eyes stared fixedly, and its incomparably cold gaze was filled with ruthlessness and malevolence, causing Qin Sheng's legs to go soft!

"Yimu…"

Qin Luo Sheng was just about to activate Yi Wood Revival when he looked at Daoist Snake's main body before him. He then glanced at the trapped Luan Snake that was only the size of a normal human and gritted his teeth, deciding to add another step.

They were all 1.78 meters tall. Some people could only kill a mouse with one punch, while others could kill a cow with one punch!

This was the power of strength!

Experts had great strength and consumed a lot of energy. One meal was enough to feed an ordinary person ten meals!

The weak had weak strength and little energy consumption. One meal could even fill up a steamed bun!

Qin Luo Sheng was not sure if the Yimu Revival, which was extremely effective on him, would be effective on this ancient snake called Luan Snake.

Yi Wood Revival was a skill that used life energy after all. The richer the life energy, the better the effect!

At this moment.

He could not be stingy!

Thus…

Qin Luo Sheng immediately took out a scroll!

"Backtrack Scroll, activate!"

Ding… Retroactive Scroll has been successfully activated. Please choose your target! '

"I want the Starlight Blessing!"

Ding… Starlight Blessing has been successfully reversed. CD has been restored. It can be used immediately! '

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—Yi Wood Revival!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Yi Wood Resuscitation]!"

"Choose [Yi Wood Revival]—restore your body to its peak state!"

"Successfully chosen, body's condition has been restored to its peak, sublimated to perfection!"

——————

PS1: [Backtrack Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Time Backtrack

Introduction: Can be traced back to the skill and remove its CD! (5 / 5)

PS2: [Yi Wood Resuscitation] Effect (1): Consumes 10,000 Mana Points and increases the growth rate of plants by 30% (the same target can only be used once). Effect (2): Consumes 10,000 Mana Points to recover to its peak state! Cooldown time: 24 hours! (Remove all DEBUFFs, eliminate injuries, full Mana of Life and Hunger.)