Chapter 825: Daoist Snake Lives, Luan Snake Revives

"Come on!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared like a wild beast at the shockwave that could smash out a mushroom cloud and was comparable to a nuclear bomb!

"Inject the Hero's Light into the Starlight Spirit Mirror!"

In an instant.

An energy mirror that was hundreds of meters in length was instantly formed. It lay before Qin Sheng and blocked the front of the shock wave!

Bang…

The next moment.

The shockwave crashed heavily onto the Astral Spirit Mirror.

"Ah…"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his hands like Pangu holding up the heavens, raising the Starlight Spirit Mirror. Even though his body was still falling, his arms moved about as his strength erupted from his entire body. His muscles swelled and blue veins densely covered his body. His unyielding roar was akin to thunder, resounding through the entire world. "Get… out… back!"

The Starlight Spirit Mirror, which had been enhanced to the pinnacle through the Blessing of Starlight, went from a twofold rebound to a tenfold rebound. Furthermore, the tenacity, durability, defense, and so on of the Spirit Mirror had all been enhanced!

With the addition of the Starlight Blessing and the Heart of the Brave, the Starlight Spirit Mirror's ability went from the original X2 to the highest level X10!

Thus…

The Starlight Spirit Mirror, which should have been nothing special, was amplified a hundred times by the two great skills. Only then was it able to withstand the shock wave!

Kacha! Kacha! Kacha!

The surface of the mirror cracked and countless cracks spread across it. Under Qin Luo's horrified gaze, it was about to collapse!

The originally flat mirror caved in from the powerful shockwave. The entire scene was like a piece of paper holding an iron ball. The defense of the paper was definitely not comparable to the weight of the iron ball and was thus trapped.

Yet.

It would not last long.

Now.

He was at his limit. The paper was about to shatter. Without the protection of the paper, the iron ball was about to fall.

And below.

Qin Luo.

"I… don't… believe it!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes were about to split open.

He had already gone so far as to risk his life, so how could he be willing to admit defeat and die just like that?

Unfortunately.

Will was the most precious treasure and also the cheapest trash!

Under absolute strength, what use was willpower?

Yet.

A miracle happened!

It was a SSS talent after all. After two rounds of enhancement, the effect had increased to a BUG level ability that was more than a hundred times!

The broken Starlight Spirit Mirror shone with a miraculous light in the end. It was like a spring, and just before it was about to completely collapse, it finally revealed its ability and repelled Daoist Snake's all-out shockwave.

Swish!

At a speed that was even faster than when he had arrived, a shockwave that was a hundred meters in diameter and filled with destructive aura was returned to Daoist Snake by Qin Sheng in a way that was a hundred times more powerful!

Pa…

At the same time, the Starlight Spirit Mirror had also completed its mission. With the two Starlight Blessings and the boost from the Heart of the Brave, perhaps coupled with Qin Sheng's indomitable will infection, a miracle was revealed. Then, it crumbled and transformed into tiny pieces of mirror shards that vanished into the air.

Boom…

There was a huge explosion that shook heaven and earth. It should have bloomed on the ground and destroyed everything. A mushroom cloud shock wave exploded in the air, scattering the clouds and…

Daoist Snake's thousand-foot-long body exploded into pieces!

“Why… what…”

No one could answer Daoist She, not even Qin Sheng himself.

Because even he could not replicate this miracle.

At this moment, he was so exhausted that he had no idea what had just happened!

Just what was driving him to make such a shocking move with his supreme will!

He had defeated the insufferably arrogant Daoist Snake, an expert who had existed since ancient times!

"Roar…"

An incomparably sorrowful roar, accompanied by a streak of bloody light, fell down.

Qin Luo was horrified.

Daoist Snake.

He was still alive?

At this moment.

He was truly in despair!

Bastard!

How unreasonable!

Could the ancient mutants do as they pleased?

"Brat, you destroyed my body, so compensate me with your body!"

Previously, it was only because his body’s techniques had dissipated, and thus he was sealed, transforming into a divine mountain of snakes. However, at this moment, he had reaped the consequences of his own actions. The annihilation wave that Qin Sheng had exerted a hundredfold rebound had completely destroyed his 3,000 meter long body, leaving not a single scrap behind, completely cutting off his path of retreat.

Under Daoist Snake's rage, he had no choice but to make a move!

If it was in the past, he would definitely choose the Luan Snake immediately. After all, even though the Luan Snake's strength was not comparable to his, it was not much different. Furthermore, they were all snake species, and their souls were also compatible.

But.

Now, Daoist Snake had changed his mind!

He, who had looked at people for countless years, had seen geniuses of every race like carps crossing the river. However, there had never been anyone like Qin Sheng, who could walk the path of gods with a mortal body.

That's right.

In Daoist Snake's eyes, Qin Luo's battle prowess in this battle was no different from that of a god!

This was not an exaggeration!

It was just like how it was normal for one person to carry another person!

But for an ant to be able to lift a person, that was simply a fantasy, like a miracle!

Qin Qin Sheng was that ant!

To use the strength of an ant to kill an ancient snake like him, and to return to his original form at that, even if it was a trick, he had still died under his ultimate move. But Qin Sheng was filled with secrets and potential. This was an undeniable fact!

Daoist Snake bet again!

He wanted to take a gamble!

In any case, it was already like this. No matter how bad it was, it wouldn't be too bad. Perhaps giving up the Luan Snake's body to possess this human's body would bring about unexpected miracles!

"My life is over!"

Qin Sheng could even see Daoist Snake's sinister and cold eyes through the blood light. He wanted to escape, he wanted to hide. However, his body was so weak that he couldn't even move a finger. There was nothing he could do. He could only watch helplessly as the end came.

Swoosh…

At the critical moment, a pink stream suddenly flew over and blocked Qin Luo Sheng, isolating Daoist She's soul possession.

"It's you!"

Daoist Snake's resentful voice sounded. "Get lost for This Seat. Otherwise, don't blame This Seat for being heartless and completely annihilating you!"

"Horn Snake, you're still as arrogant as ever!"

Qin Sheng only felt a flash before his eyes. Instantly, an incomparably graceful body hugged him. What entered his vision was a beauty capable of causing the downfall of a country and the downfall of a country. Even if he was filled with coldness, he still could not change that extremely charming face of a woman.

Her?

Luan Snake?

“Even if I’ve only recovered thirty percent of my abilities, what can you do to me after losing your body and having your source injured?”

The Luan Snake looked at Daoist Snake with endless killing intent. "In the past, for your own selfish reasons, you wanted to become Dao companions with me, but in reality, you only coveted the source of my Luan Snake Clan. You used it to heal your injuries and recover your vitality. You even wanted to devour my flesh and blood to evolve into an ancient divine dragon. When I refused, you used despicable means to trap me for tens of thousands of years. Every day, you used vicious array formations to wear down my spiritual aura. Today, when I escaped, you wanted my life again! Now, I want to settle old grudges and new debts with you!"