Chapter 834: Versailles' Host'S Daily Life (2)

"F*ck, I'm cracking!"

"There's a mining series at home!"

"555 million yuan, charge it immediately, complete it immediately? Sorry, sorry for disturbing!"

"Brother, I'm your long-lost brother!"

"Hubby! I've finally found you!"

"D * mn! So much money to buy a real estate shop in the virtual world? My brain must be fried!"

"Sigh, I'm so rich and poor. I'd rather donate so much money to the mountains! Do you know how many children can't afford to eat and study?"

"…"

The 500 million yuan worth of real gold and silver instantly caused an uproar in the live streaming channel!

At the same time, it also caused a lot of trouble.

This time.

The wardens got busy again.

A group of haters who had just been banned to create hype!

Now, another group of red-eyed patients and saintesses and keyboard warriors had arrived!

I'm so fucking busy!

Still.

The feeling of holding power was quite good!

Especially since this livestream room was filled with idols, husbands, and big brothers… The work was even more exciting!

"Thank you, sir. I shall not disturb your work. I shall take my leave now!"

Qin Luo left immediately after receiving the deed.

"Viscount, please wait!"

The commandant suddenly called out to Qin Sheng in a low voice, “I see that the viscount’s prestige has already exceeded a million. Coincidentally, we have a rule here, and the viscount’s status is sufficient. If the viscount is willing to spend a million reputation points, he can purchase an additional shop and a residence!”

"Oh, there's such a thing?"

Qin Luo Sheng's interest was immediately piqued. He stood up and sat back down. Then, without leaving a trace, he handed over a bag containing a million gold coins and said with a smile, "Please give me some pointers, sir!"

"Of course! Of course!"

Commandant Fang also accepted the money bag without a trace and waved his hand. The location page appeared again.

"What do you think of these two places?"

Qin Luo swept his gaze over and saw the place Commandant Fang was pointing at. That was the grey area in the site selection interface, representing that it could not be purchased. He was instantly stunned!

He took a closer look.

He was instantly ecstatic!

"Hahaha… Of course I trust your judgment!"

Without another word, Qin Luo Sheng immediately agreed. "These are the two places. Thank you for your help, sir!"

Charge!

Pay up!

The contract was completed!

He got the deed!

The entire process was very smooth!

The viewers in the live-stream were shouting crazily, "Dog thief", "Dirty PY transactions", "Shameless", "I've reported", "Is this the darkness of the world"…

Qin Sheng would not care about the lemon essence in the broadcast room.

The current him.

He was completely immersed in joy.

Even if this wave almost emptied his entire fortune, it was worth it.

Firstly, the shop was a chicken that could lay golden eggs!

As for real estate, even if he sold it, he would earn at least a nine-digit difference. The return on investment was very high!

The first round of transactions was a normal transaction. The location of the shop was the best, and the visitor flow was the greatest. On the other hand, a villa worth one billion yuan was completely worth that price. The land area, luxurious renovation, surroundings… everything was the best!

For the second wave of transactions, it was even more impressive that there was no site selection interface.

Although it did not look as good as the first wave.

But.

Business factors ranked second, political factors ranked first!

The residences and shops were all adjacent to the Imperial Palace, moreover standing at the intersection of many administrative units, for example, the six central departments, the marble temple in charge of the prison, and so on!

In the An family, safety was the highest. Not to mention bandits, even vermin dared not enter!

They did not even let the NPCs off when they opened the shop. Moreover, these NPCs were all of high status and power!

This way…

How could he not be popular?

How could there not be a lot of traffic?

Even if the location was not the best, which of those big shots did not have any special hidden missions on them? A little leak from the gaps of their fingers might be able to create a lucky person who could soar to the sky!

Thus…

Wouldn't the players go crazy?

——————

There were room executives in the live-stream room managing Qin Luo, who would not waste his energy on a bunch of frenzied lemons!

He walked out of the City Hall.

She immediately rushed to her villa.

The layout was grand and magnificent, the style ancient and fragrant.

There were small bridges, flowing water, limestone paths, white jade steps, and flowery gardens.

In the room, there were all kinds of expensive furniture, porcelain, antiques, calligraphy, and paintings. There were also luminous pearls as lamps, gem agates as beaded curtains…

It was extremely luxurious!

Qin Luo Sheng was a boorish man and did not know much about such things. He could not put his finger on it, but whether it was comfortable or not, or whether it was pleasing to the eye, the first thing he felt was definitely quite amazing!

There was nothing to say.

This money was worth it!

He activated the shop owner's authority and opened the list of hiring requests.

He immediately spent a huge sum of money, utilized the privileges of the title, and hired a large number of servants. All of them were the best!

He had spent a billion yuan, what was this small amount?

Don’t ask.

He was rich!

He entered the study and emptied his backpack.

Then…

Qin Luo returned to his original spot without stopping. Under the frenzied gazes of countless people, he continued exploring and plundering.

After going back and forth seven to eight times and spending more than ten hours, he finally visited the entire Imperial City except for the forbidden area!

The leisure game ended!

Next.

The tense and exciting battle mode was activated!

Treasure map?

PASS!

Level 50 dungeon?

PASS!

The last wish of the mercenary king?

PASS!

These things!

Qin Luo Sheng could possibly reveal his trump card. There was no way he could do a live broadcast!

Still.

The most important rank three mission was to go first!

This was the first time Ya Tu had taken the lead because of the beginner village's special mission!

The second time, because the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform required crystal coins to exchange for the "Nine Characters Incantation" in Zhang Daoming's hands, which was the Nine Secrets of Dao Repository, he had no choice but to give it to Sanguine Primrose!

Three times!

Qin Qin Sheng would not give up!

The reward for the first third-promotion player.

Qin Luo was definitely going to eat it!

Following the map.

Qin Luo arrived at the Class Advancement Hall.

He found the Berserker Job-Changing Mentor!

"Lord Viscount, Lord General Zhonglang, hello!"

Qin Luo greeted him politely, while the teacher-in-charge responded even more politely. He bowed with excitement.

After learning of Qin Sheng's intentions, the instructor for the Berserker Class Advancement said with a smile, "I can't make the decision!—His Majesty had instructed long ago that His Majesty would personally instruct you on your Class Advancement mission. Perhaps His Majesty already knew the moment you came to the capital. However, His Majesty did not send anyone to disturb you, which shows how highly His Majesty values you."

As he spoke.

The teacher took out a letter of introduction and handed it to Qin Luo. There was a large seal of the imperial jade seal on it. It was obvious that the emperor had specially left it for him.

At the same time.

A mission popped up in Qin Luo Sheng's retina.

The players watching the live broadcast from Qin Luo's first view also saw it.

Instantly.

The entire live broadcast room was in an uproar.

[Mission Title] Special Rank Three Mission

[Mission Introduction] Your name has long been known by the Emperor of the Great Xia Empire, and he is very fond of you. In order to train you, he specially prepared a special third-promotion mission for you.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Head to the palace and pay respects to the emperor (incomplete)

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???