Chapter 831: Confrontation, Du Qiangwei'S Game

"Here, this is what I promised you. Take it and scram!"

Dragon Forging Grandmaster, no, he should be called Dragon Forging Grandmaster now. He tossed an iron box over and then waved Qin Sheng away.

Qin Sheng did not mind such an impolite action.

He knew.

The Dragon Forging was to avoid arousing suspicion.

To the end.

The current him was not the enemy of the entire dragon race, but he was not much different.

It was already the best he could do for the Dragon Refinement to be able to follow the agreement from back then and hand over the great master craft to him!

"Thank you!"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the tightly shut door and thanked him before turning to leave.

The Dragon Clan was not the Dragon Clan that was represented by the Dragon Emperor alone, nor was it the Dragon Clan represented by the higher-ups of the Dragon Clan. It was the Dragon Clan that all the dragons acknowledged.

Besides.

Even the upper echelons of the dragon race were not united.

When the Furious Bears Mountain Range was besieged, several branches did not participate.

Even.

When Qin Luo Sheng had used the [Dragon God Command] to summon helpers, Gelis of the Green Dragon Tribe had also come. He had used his innate talent to carve evidence. For example, the entire continent had exposed the ugliness of the dragon race. That was why the Golden-Winged Great Roc and other strong races had gathered on the Dragon Gathering Island to pressure the dragon race and watch the Terrifying Dragon Platform. Otherwise, Qin Luo Sheng would definitely have won. Even if he was strong enough, he was still in the territory of the dragon race. The dragon race could do whatever they wanted!

"One day, I will come back!"

He crushed the return scroll and the light that returned to the city disappeared under Qin Luo's firm voice.

Who would want to be a stray dog?

He had no background in reality, so he could only endure the anger of the birds. In this virtual world, you still want to f*cking show off for me?

Dragon race?

So what if they were dragons?

Just do it!

‘ It doesn’t matter if I’m weak now. I still have room to grow. One day, when the king returns, no matter how proud your dragon race is, you’ll have to kneel at my feet!’

Not to mention…

This was also related to the SSS mission [Race Plan]!

——————

Back in Starlight City.

Qin Luo turned on the communicator.

Instantly.

Crazy messages kept popping up.

Qin Luo responded one by one.

When he saw Sanguine Primrose's message, he coldly laughed: "If I want to bring you and the Primrose Militia's elites to clear the Abyss Mode [Snake God Mountain], I want you to pay me back first."

"This is our cooperation contract!"

"Don't forget!" Sanguine Primrose angrily shouted.

"Of course I didn't!"

Qin Luo Sheng replied with a cold smile, "However, you're the one who broke the contract first! Do you think it's useful for you to hide from me? I don't have to tell you how you established the gang, right? Even if the second gang isn't worth as much as the first gang, there's nothing more suitable for your Rose Society than the second gang!"

Sanguine Primrose was speechless!

"I'm just dealing with things. I don't have time. I've just established a gang. There are too many things I need to do!"

Quibble?

The smile on Qin Luo's face became even colder.

"Then why is Du Mingfang blocking your door as if he's guarding against me?"

Sanguine Primrose fell silent once more!

"Fine, I can't be bothered to expose you!"

Without waiting for Sanguine Primrose to reply, Qin Sheng lazily replied: "In any case, you are the one who broke the agreement first. Since that's the case, don't blame me for following your example!"

Sanguine Primrose's defense was instantly broken, and her icy face was filled with a hint of anger, mixed with a hint of shame and anger. A faint blush appeared on her fair face as if she was recalling some embarrassing scene. In an instant, the begonia flowers bloomed, and the beautiful scene was intoxicating.

Unfortunately.

Such a beautiful sight was only Qin Luo who had turned on the voice call and not the video call. He had no chance to see it!

"Well, now that my family and I are under your surveillance, you can do whatever you want!"

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not know what Sanguine Primrose was thinking at this moment. Seeing that she was silent for a long time, he continued, "If you want to renege on your debt, there's nothing I can do! However, you should know the consequences. Don't blame me for not reminding you. When the time comes, neither side will win!"

Sanguine Primrose fell silent for the third time!

What did she have on Qin Sheng?

The first was the video evidence of Qin Luo abusing Li Ru and Lin Mingzhou!

The second was Father and Mother Qin, as well as Qin Luo's four family members!

Third was Qin Sheng's identity!

The first person who could let Qin Sheng be judged by the law and eat a gun directly!

The second one could make Qin Sheng hold back and not dare to act rashly!

The third would put Qin Sheng in endless trouble.

After all.

Weeping Souls not only had supporters, but also many haters.

Among them.

The person who hated him the most was naturally the Mad Young Master of Leiting, who was also the eldest young master of the Lei Corporation. In fact, the Lei Corporation had suffered heavy losses during the battle at the Furious Bears Ridge. If they had known of Qin Luo Sheng's real identity, they might have put a bounty on his head!

Based on this,

Sanguine Primrose should have had complete control over Qin Luo!

Yet.

The truth was not that simple!

If Qin Luo was an ordinary person, he would be completely helpless and would forever be in the hands of Sanguine Primrose. If she was unwilling, he would definitely not be able to escape!

Cooperation?

By not ordering Qin Sheng around like a slave and squeezing him dry of all his value, he could already be considered to have a conscience!

What cooperation?

It was a collaboration of equal status, not a collaboration between superiors and subordinates!

Everything.

It came from strength!

Qin Luo Sheng's strength was akin to that of a demonic god!

Back then.

When Du Mingfang and Du Mingfang headed to Qin Luo's residence, Qin Luo was in a bad mood because of Qin Luo's disappearance. Thus, the demon in his heart was released, and the negative emotions of the Dreadfiend took the opportunity to enter Qin Luo's residence.

He was convinced at a glance!

One move to subdue him!

The bodyguard who practiced ancient martial arts, Du Mingfang, was gone.

Du Qiangwei was also "gone"!

In other words.

Qin Luo was like a wild beast, the kind that could eat humans. Du Qiangwei could use other things to "trap" him and use him. However, the power of "wild beast" and the ID "Weeping Soul" allowed Qin Luo to have the qualifications to be on equal footing with him.

Now.

They were very subtle!

They were honest collaborators, but they also had to scheme against each other!

It was not that Du Qiangwei had never thought of sending Qin Sheng away. If they were not under the same roof, at the very least, they would not be worried at all times for fear of being harmed by the "wild beasts" and their lives being threatened.

But this was inappropriate!

Keeping the beast in a cage with her was the safest way!

Otherwise…

A tiger enters the forest, a dragon enters the deep sea.

With Qin Luo's abilities, it would be extremely difficult to find him.

When the time came.

Unless they wanted a life-and-death struggle, they would not dare to let out the so-called evidence. Once they did, they would have to face endless revenge!

Take a step back.

Even if he would not come this far, he would not stay with Qin Sheng and monitor him at all times. If others found out about his identity as Weeping Soul Beast and went to seek cooperation…

It was fine if they were weaker than Du Qiangwei, but what if they were stronger than her?

Acknowledged!

Weeping Soul's trump card was gone, stolen by someone else!

Reject!

In reality, they would be sought revenge from all directions by stronger forces. Forget about everything else, just economic sanctions alone would be unbearable. Once they lost the support of money, the Rose Society would be destroyed overnight!

He was helpless.

As a result, Du Qiangwei had to persevere even if she had to be caged with a tiger!