Chapter 836: Sealing Ridge Fortress

One hour?

Qin Luo Sheng opened the map and quickly found the location of the Sealing Ridge Castle!

Three thousand li south of the Imperial City, adjacent to the danger zone—

Wasteland of Death!

Qin Luo Sheng did not know what sort of place the Wasteland of Death was. However, on the map, there was a huge blood-red X with a strange skull drawn on it. From this, one could tell how dangerous it was. It was far more dangerous than ordinary perilous lands!

A distance of three thousand miles was only given an hour. Even if he took a plane, he wouldn't be able to make it, let alone run with his feet!

Fortunately.

The mission was not to make things difficult for others. With the command talisman given by the Emperor, one could directly go to the teleportation point and find NPCs to carry out special teleportation, accurately arriving at the mission location!

Before the mission, Qin Sheng replenished his supplies as usual!

First, he went to the pharmacy to buy a batch of potions. It was different from the middle-grade potions in the main city. Naturally, the Imperial City was upgraded by one level. It was a high-grade potion, and its effects were greatly enhanced!

Besides.

The most anticipated Instant Potion was not just the recovery of numbers!

For example, he could instantly recover 10,000 health points!

There was still a percentage of recovery!

The pharmacy had only purchased 10% of the items in the market!

But for players with large bodies, it was much stronger than the fixed number of Instant Potion!

Instant Potion of Health Points was better than a Guardian!

The percentage of magic was comparable to that of Mages!

Especially Qin Sheng.

Needless to say.

The fixed number of Instant Potion was discarded without even looking!

What he bought was a 100% Instant Potion!

With his body size, not to mention this Instant Haze Potion that could only recover 5,000 points, even if it was doubled, it would still be too weak. Wasn't a percentage of it good for him?

After leaving the pharmacy, they entered the provision store!

There were quite a lot of things in the provision store. Qin Luo had also bought a bunch of things that he had picked out, especially the return scrolls from the Imperial City. He bought two of them at once!

When he saw the return scroll, Qin Luo Sheng had wanted to use the same trick again. He wanted to play the game of jumping from the nine main cities and using the return scrolls from each main city to sell the return scroll to the players in one main city and the other eight main cities. Then, he would open up the nine main cities that were not connected!

Unfortunately.

He had miscalculated this time!

This was because there was a restriction on the use of the return scroll in the Imperial City—Level 50!

The players also saw this condition, so all kinds of noise ceased!

Without a level of 50, they would not be able to use Qin Luo's return scroll even if he gave it to them!

"Sigh!"

Qin Luo Sheng also sighed silently.

A fast-paying business without any capital had died just like that!

Uncomfortable!

Qin Luo quickly ran to the teleportation NPC!

He handed over the token and verified his identity.

A white light flashed.

Qin Luo disappeared from the platform.

“This is the front of the Wasteland of Death, the Sealed Mountain Fort?”

The strong light had yet to dissipate, and Qin Sheng could not see the place clearly. However, the impact caused by the surroundings, the high temperature and dryness, made him feel very uncomfortable. He could not help but frown!

He opened his eyes.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the barren scene before him in shock!

Here.

Extremely bleak and broken.

Within the cracks, the dilapidated house was filled with wind and sand. At a glance, there was not a single bit of green. Not to mention trees, there were not even weeds. No, there were still weeds, but they were not green, but yellow…

These were not the most terrifying!

The most terrifying thing was people!

Under the scorching sun, those thin and emaciated people who looked like skin and bones were still carrying huge sandbags and pushing huge rocks away. There was not a hint of life or vigor in their eyes. They were like walking corpses that had already died!

Even the soldiers guarding the city were staggering. Their uniforms were in disarray, and their weapons were thrown to the side. Some were leaning against the city wall, while others were sleeping in the shadows of the city wall. It could be said that there was nothing at all about their military discipline!

This city!

He was already dead!

"How tragic!"

In the broadcast room, there were already emotional viewers sighing.

They were both humans.

Seeing such a scene, even the most selfish and shameless people couldn't help but feel pity.

If everyone was in a situation where they did not have enough to eat or wear warm clothes, they would sweep away the snow in front of their doors and ignore the frost on other people's tiles. This was normal. And at this time, the person who was still helping others was a good person, even a saint!

Except.

It was a new era, but there were still people who starved to death?

Even the poorest regions would not die of hunger under normal circumstances!

This was especially true for China, which had long been realized.

Only granaries know etiquette, food and clothing know honor and disgrace!

All spiritual needs were built on material needs!

Material things came first!

Even if it was not absolute, even if it was cruel, this was the truth!

When you can't even eat your fill, what etiquette and honor are you talking about?

Same reason.

When you had no money, you would only think about yourself and your family. You would think about how to let your family eat, wear warm clothes, live better, and live better!

When you have money, you don't need to worry about food or clothing, and you don't need anything. But when you see people begging, most people will not only feel pity but also give some charity!

With 10,000 yuan, giving one or two yuan was no problem!

With a hundred thousand yuan, it was normal to give eight or ten yuan!

People nowadays had never experienced war, famine, or even rioting. 99% of them had never even seen a fight in their entire lives.

"…"

Qin Sheng ignored the words of the people in the live-stream. He stood there quietly for a while before walking away in silence.

Instantly.

The black stones started playing again!

Even if it was not Heizi's, at this moment, Qin Sheng was somewhat disappointed. He began to stand on the moral high ground and give pointers, shining with the brilliance of humanity, just like a saint. And on the opposite side of them, Qin Sheng was a maggot without compassion!

To that.

Qin Qin Sheng ignored him.

When he arrived at the government office of the Sealing Ridge Fort, he ignored the shabby appearance and walked straight in.

That's right.

He walked straight in.

This government office did not even have a single government official guarding it!

Still.

There were still people in the government office, so it was unlikely that Qin Sheng had failed.

"Lord, we are suffering!"

After reporting his identity, the multicolored and extremely thin official’s tears fell, starting to complain.

Wasteland of Death!

Since it was a wasteland, it was definitely very desolate.

The weather here was hot, dry, and there was very little rain. Not only was the price of clean water higher than gold, but food was also extremely scarce. After all, it was hard for even weeds to survive in this place. Food that needed meticulous care was naturally hard to grow.

Not just that.

As the Sealed Mountain Fort was adjacent to the Wasteland of Death and was frequently attacked by the monsters in the Wasteland of Death, these monsters not only ate and destroyed people, but also brought about an extremely serious consequence—

The birth of bandits!