Chapter 830: Soaring To The Skies

"Please name your soul contract summoned beast!"

“Is it named?”

Qin Luo, who was suffering from naming difficulties, was put in a spot again!

"Then call me Little Luan!"

"Naming successful!"

Looking at the brackets on the back of the Luan Snake, just like Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing, the question mark turned into the two words' Little Luan '. Satisfied, Qin Sheng closed the stats window!

"Summon Little Luan!"

Even though Little Luan and Qin Luo did not treat them as pets or mounts, they were at most friends and companions. However, Little Luan was different. After all, Qin Luo Sheng had slept with her the day before and enjoyed the spring breeze.

"Ding! Summoned beasts are currently in a deep sleep, unable to be summoned!"

Qin Sheng:…

Looks like…

I'm still too f*cking strong!

Compete with me!

Xu Xian was a hammer?

I can make Little Luan so tired that she can't get out of bed. Does Xu Xian have the ability?

"The dream of wielding the sword in the Pugilistic World has not been realized! The dream of stepping on an immortal sword and subduing demons is also far in the future!"

Qin Luo Sheng's mood was a little complicated. "However, this f*cking beautiful encounter with a female demoness has been realized. How should I react?"

Even if Qin Sheng hypnotized himself that the illusory game world could not be taken for real!

After all.

At that time, he had fainted from exhaustion.

Even though the memory was very deep, it was still like a dream!

Besides.

The one who fused with his spiritual desires was Little Luan. She was a beautiful and delicate beauty. She was even more fairy-like than a fairy, more enchanting than a demoness, and more bewitching than a demoness. She was simply a man's ultimate dream!

‘ Yes.’

That was Little Luan, not the Luan Snake!

Him.

Qin Luo.

There was no R-Snake!

"Forget it, that's all!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng tossed out all sorts of thoughts.

At the same time.

He quietly opened the battle log.

He glanced around.

Instantly.

Joy colored his face.

She did not pay attention to her face at all. Her face was almost crooked from laughing!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the special blessing imprint, Luan Spirit Snake's Blessing. Four basic attributes + X (X is currently level * 10 * *). Vitality, Strength, Agility, and Spirit permanently increased by 10%. Elemental resistance permanently increased by 10%!

Hahaha…

No wonder!

No wonder even gods and buddhas coveted the Luan Snake's spiritual blessing!

Daoist Snake had held on for tens of thousands of years and trapped the Luan Snake for tens of thousands of years, but he was unwilling to give up.

Just this amplification.

He was indeed qualified!

All attributes + X!

According to the formula, Qin Luo was currently level 50 and had reached Rank 3, which was 50 * 10 * 3!

Equals.

1,500 points!

Not only that.

The four basic attributes were also permanently increased by 10%!

10% increase!

Not to mention Qin Luo Sheng, who was simple-minded, this increase was also extremely impressive. With those ancient beasts, ancient divine beasts, immortals, Buddhas, and even connate gods, how terrifying would this 10% increase be?

That was simply unimaginable!

Apart from the increase in attributes, his resistance also increased by 10%!

Even though resistance was not like attributes that could be continuously increased.

The maximum resistance could only reach 80%. No matter how much it increased, it would be permanently limited to 80%!

‘ Of course.’

Some special existences did not include this!

For example.

Divine Beast Vermilion Bird!

Fire elemental resistance would be 100% maxed!

In other words, he was completely immune to flames. No flames could hurt him at all. Not only that, but the flames were his tonic and were absorbed by him, turning into his own energy!

"Awesome! Awesome! This Spirit Accumulation Blessing is simply explosive!"

Qin Luo Sheng swept a glance at Daoist Snake's sorrowful expression and couldn't stop grinning from ear to ear. "This time, I've fucking profited!"

…

Back in Starlight City.

Qin Qin Sheng made a trip to the appraisal shop and appraised the spoils of war.

There were many pieces of Epic, Gold, and Silver.

As for the Bronze rank, he was barely qualified to enter the backpack!

Below bronze, Iron, Blue, and Green equipment were not even qualified to enter his backpack!

Now.

With an outsider managing the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Qin Sheng did not dare to sublimate the equipment he had collected with starlight and then sell it.

Still.

It was not a problem for others to not know about his equipment.

Why were there so many high-end equipment?

Don't ask!

The lucky points were high, and the Abyss Mode drop rate was high!

‘ You don’t believe me?’

He would give it a try himself!

The equipment had been appraised, but its level was between Level 45 and 55, especially the Gold Epic ones. No, it should be called Epic Legendary now, because it had been sublimated by the Starlight Miracle, raising its level by one.

None of these items were lower than Level 50. In the end, they were dropped by the Boss. However, the Bosses were all above Level 50, so the equipment dropped would naturally not be lower than their own level!

"Leave it for now, there's no hurry!"

Most of the players had just reached level 40. The first-rate players were around level 43, while the first-rate players were above level 45. There was no market for this batch of equipment even if they sold it. Even if there was, when the demand was not high, the price would not reach the desired level. It was better to keep it for now and release it when the players reached this level.

"These equipment are not bad!"

Amongst the pile of equipment, Qin Sheng chose a few pieces that he could use. Although they were not as powerful as the Sacred Dragon Set, their attributes were not bad. Furthermore, the additional skills were not ordinary either.

To the end.

These items were from the Abyss Mode, and the ones dropped by the mutant snakes were not ordinary items!

It was especially so for those that were originally at the Epic stage and had been forcefully upgraded to the Legendary stage. The effects were extremely strong and far exceeded ordinary Legendary stage items of the same level. Unfortunately, because they were upgraded, the additional skills were slightly inferior and could not be compared to real Legendary stage items!

"This thing might be a substitute!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a flash of inspiration as he assembled a set of spare equipment.

The ID Weeping Soul Beast could not be revealed to too many people. It was the same for the Holy Dragon Set, Wings of the Rain Dragon, Ghost Face, and other unique equipment that was bound to Weeping Soul Beast!

This External Avatar of Mo Bing was the secret of the secret. Only Qin Sheng knew about it, and it was even more well-hidden than the Weeping Soul Beast!

So.

In order to communicate with his younger siblings, he needed another alternate identity and another set of equipment that would not expose his identity!

Beep beep beep!

Just as Qin Luo was busying himself, his communicator suddenly rang.

"What's going on? Didn't I turn off the communicator?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

He picked up the communicator and frowned.

The one who contacted him was not a player, but an NPC!

And the location of this NPC—

Dragon Island!

After tidying up the equipment on the ground, Qin Luo took out the returning scroll from Dragon Island and crushed it!

Back to Dragon Island.

Looking at this familiar yet somewhat unfamiliar scene, Qin Sheng felt as if he had been transported to another world!

He had not been here since the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Unexpectedly.

Now that he had traveled to this land, he was called back by the Dragon Island.

Mo sighed.

Qin Luo followed the path and made many turns before arriving at the appointed place.