Chapter 832: First Time Entering A Live Broadcast

"…Your level has reached 45, but if you want to gather the other eight positions in the team, you should still be a little lacking!"

Qin Luo Sheng's thoughts were running wild as he sorted out the complicated relationship between him and Du Qiangwei. He was certain that she would not dare to reject him, so he said, "I'll give you time! At most tomorrow, it should be about time. Coincidentally, I don't have time today, so I still have to head to the Imperial City to make some arrangements. Buying shops and things like fighting for the best spots, I'll open the branches of the Immortal and Hidden Dragon Pavilion first. How about it? Are you happy? There are thirty percent of your people here!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

"Remember!"

"Tomorrow night!"

"If you still fulfill the contract tomorrow night, then don't blame me for breaking the contract!"

"When the time comes!"

"We're all just going with the flow, let's see who will suffer more losses!"

"You devil!" Sanguine Primrose angrily shouted.

"Demon?"

The corners of Qin Luo Sheng's lips curled up into a strange arc, exuding an evil aura. "So what if you're a demon? So what if you're an honest person? You're the one who's easily bullied! If a demon can kiss a goddess like Miss Du, then I'd rather be a demon for the rest of my life! Hahaha…"

…

He hung up!

Qin Luo Sheng looked refreshed!

Damn it!

He had long wanted to insult that arrogant woman!

Hmph!

She kept a straight face all day and looked like she was high and mighty.

That day, the ice and snow had melted, and she was panting heavily. Her eyes were blurry, and she looked like she had been played. She wanted to beg for mercy but was too proud to open her mouth. She could only glare at him with her usual cold, murderous gaze. However, she did not know that at that time, her so-called cold gaze had already become moist and charming. Instead, it had aroused a man's beastly desire?

When he thought about how Du Qiangwei had taken off her disguise and given it to his Supreme Martial Artist to enjoy, Qin Sheng felt his heart burn!

"Forget it, let's not think about this now!"

Shaking her head, she shook off her thoughts. "Anyway, this woman is already mine. There's no need to rush. Compared to using force to coerce me, I prefer this woman's constant struggle. In the end, she had no choice but to recognize reality and came to me on her own accord. That stubborn yet unwilling look!"

Scheme?

That would depend on who was plotting against whom!

A good swimmer drowns in water!

Just wait and see!

Du Qiangwei!

…

Imperial City.

Just like the capital of ancient China.

It was majestic and grand.

‘ Of course.’

As this was a fantasy world, after retaining the Chinese elements, this level was even more exciting!

At least.

In terms of area, it was definitely not inferior to Dragon City, or even better!

As the first player to step foot in this place, no one would be able to enter in a short period of time, so there was no need to be in such a hurry. He could properly appreciate this ancient elegance that modern people would never be able to experience!

"Oh yes, live stream!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly turned on the live broadcast.

The short videos appeared.

There was definitely no lack of live broadcasts!

With the popularity of "Fate Dimension", the live broadcast industry had also received a huge profit. Those big streamers had earned quite a lot.

Qin Luo Sheng had not paid attention to it before, but it had to be said that there was a huge base to it. Be it the technical stream, the analytical stream, the OB stream, or any other lifestyle stream, the popularity was not low!

It was the most famous ID in Fate World!

Fate Corporation would definitely open a backdoor and seek cooperation.

Qin Luo ignored him.

Still.

Golden ID on the forum, Leopard in the livestream room, VIP in the video area…

Everything was arranged properly!

"Then let's start the live broadcast!"

He took a glance at his own video and watched the battle between Daoist Snake and the Luan Snake that had just been uploaded. The popularity of the video exploded and rose to the first page of the new video. The comments were also the highest!

He took another look at the forums!

"The Strategy Guide to the Snake God Mountain dungeon" was also extremely popular. It had long been highlighted and the comments were even more explosive than the videos!

"Ding, you are a Paragon-level broadcaster. You have the authority to advertise online once a day. Do you want to use it?"

Oh!

Was there such a good thing?

Qin Luo was amused on the spot!

Initially, he was not interested in live-streaming.

Investing in lousy money?

Did he still need money?

Not to mention the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, if he wanted to earn money, he could use Starlight Miracle Refining Equipment anytime and anywhere. With the demand for high-end equipment, even if he sold them in batches, he would not be able to make much profit.

Being a lone arms dealer, wasn't this more profitable than live-streaming?

Except.

Previously, Qin Luosheng was the same. A person's strength was limited, but due to his special identity, it was difficult for him to establish his own faction!

So.

The path of the struggle for supremacy of the King of Dao was not feasible!

Then he would walk the path of being invincible in the sacred path!

With his current reputation, he had many fans.

However…

As it was too mysterious, normal players could not even see him, let alone interact with him. They could only know how powerful Weeping Soul was from the video!

He was too aloof and detached from the masses!

This was unacceptable.

Now.

It was different when the live broadcast started.

At the very least, he had become closer to the masses, from a "god" to a "human"!

At this point.

Weeping Soul Beast was still a legend. After all, its strength was on a completely different level from the players!

But.

Weeping Soul Beast was also a player. Players like them were at most slightly stronger!

Blood and flesh!

They would also curse!

He also knew how to complain!

He would also be foolish!

Once the plan succeeded, his reputation would rise.

So.

Not to mention the Lei Corporation, even if it was a national device, they would have to think twice before touching him!

Losing the hearts of the people.

This was no joke!

"Start the live broadcast!"

With a command.

Ever since the official platform was specially established, it had always been a dark screen. The live broadcast that had never changed was instantly replaced by Qin Sheng's first view.

At the same time.

A shocking system announcement also exploded in the ears of players all over the world.

"Ding! Number one in the world of fate, Chinese player Weeping Soul, it's starting! Live stream room number 8888, what are you waiting for? Come and watch!"

It was an extremely short notice.

However, it created huge waves.

For a moment.

The originally empty livestream room was suddenly filled with soldiers!

10,000!

100,000!

One million!

10 million!

In less than a minute, the number of viewers in the live streaming channel directly broke 10 million!

Under the worldwide advertisement, coupled with Weeping Soul's reputation, he was just that irritable!

"F*ck! Brothers, I'll leave first. Weeping Souls is broadcasting!"

"Are you still looking at this old woman? I'm sorry! I betrayed you! So what if it's Bo Da? I'm going to see my idol up close!"

"Yo, you're still learning skills? Forget it! This noob can't even defeat a Gold Boss by himself, he has hammer skills! Go and see Weeping Soul, kill the Boss that strengthened the Legendary Boss! Only then can he learn skills!"

"I'm sorry, Sweetie! I'm leaving!"

"…"

For a moment.

The entire live broadcast channel was in an uproar!

Qin Luo Sheng, who had crossed Jiang Long, instantly stirred up the waters of the livestreaming world. With the attitude of a king, he did not care about Wu De at all. Regardless of which panel it was, whether it was the A-list or the 18th tier, the popularity of all the livestreaming channels plummeted crazily. All of them poured into the livestreaming channel with the ID number 8888!

Miserable wails, helpless Er Kang's hands…

Even though they tried their best to persuade him to stay, they still couldn't stop the popularity from plummeting.

The streamers!

Every one of them counted!

They were all crying!