Chapter 839: The King Explode Once He Cards (1)

There was silence!

The people who were already numb to it, under the constant hope and despair, their hearts had already died!

"You…"

Seeing his subordinates not giving him any face, Prefecture Magistrate Wu felt embarrassed. Although he understood that he was not much different from the people below, the Shangguan family had come to help the Sealed Mountain Fortress. Yet, they treated him in such a manner. If the imperial envoy was unhappy and didn’t do his part, then they would be the ones to suffer!

"Magistrate Wu!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his hand and cut off the sentence that Wu Shangguan wanted to reprimand. He silently looked at the empty eyes of the crowd below. Without any light, his heart felt sour.

The bustling live-stream also quietened down at this moment!

As humans, it was impossible for them to be saints. However, it was undeniable that everyone was kind and gentle!

That look!

It was truly breathtaking and heartbreaking!

The indescribable shock could not be ignored without experiencing it!

This was especially so for someone like Qin Sheng who was present!

He could also understand how intense the deathly silence and despair was!

Zombies!

A real walking corpse!

A 'human' with no soul but a shell!

"Allow me to introduce myself. I am an imperial envoy sent by His Majesty to Fengling Castle!"

Qin Qin Sheng's words made many people's expressions change.

Fear!

That's right.

It was fear!

It was not that he was afraid of Qin Luo, but he was afraid of what would happen after he was sent here!

According to Prefectural Magistrate Wu, according to past information, the previous imperial envoy of the Imperial Court was not someone who lived a simple life. He was also a talented person. Unfortunately, the problem with the Sealed Mountain Fortress was too serious and too complicated. They could not stay there for a long time. This meant that when people were around, everything would be stable. Once they left, the problem of not being able to treat them would erupt once again!

It was not a problem for him to explode again. At most, he would return to the past!

Except.

When strong men were guarding the Sealed Mountain Fortress, the magical beasts were well-behaved and the bandits did not come out. During this period, the hunger and violence of the magical beasts and the hatred and loss of the bandits accumulated bit by bit.

It was like a spring!

The more he pressed, the tighter it became!

Once it rebounded, it would explode with terrifying power!

So.

With the departure of the master, the Sealing Ridge Fort would suffer an extremely cruel retaliation!

There were heavy casualties!

Who wouldn't be afraid of such an experience?

Now that Qin Luo had arrived, the group of people below wanted to experience what they had once experienced. For a moment, fear rose in their hearts. It was understandable!

"He is in charge of his own affairs!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not have the intention to give a long speech, nor did he have the capability to do so. One must know how to play to one's strengths and avoid one's weaknesses. He did not know how to bewitch others, but he knew what these people needed.

He knew what he needed and what he liked!

This was the best solution!

Thus…

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand!

Steamed buns piled up like a mountain were emitting steam and a strong fragrance.

The swaying water bottles made a splashing sound. One of the bottles was tilted on purpose by Qin Sheng. The clear water flowed down the platform and splashed onto the people in the front row. The coolness under the scorching sun made people shudder!

At the same time.

A pile of roasted chicken, roasted duck, pig, and sheep released a terrifying fragrance that spread out and filled everyone's nostrils!

"Buns, meat buns!"

"Steamed buns, big white buns!"

"Water, so much water. It's pure water. Wuwu, it's not muddy water!"

"Mother, it smells so good! What's that? I want to eat it!"

"Father, is that the legendary roasted chicken and duck? The other two look very big and smell even better. Niu Niu really wants to eat them!"

"Roasted suckling pig! Roasted lamb! I didn't expect to see this old man again in my lifetime!"

"…"

As Qin Luo played his cards unreasonably, he exploded.

For a moment.

The entire Sealing Ridge Castle was in an uproar.

There was nothing more tempting for people in despair than water and food!

Especially.

This food was also the supreme delicacy of their memories, as well as the legendary existence that they had only heard of in the stories of their elders.

"Little kid, come here!"

As he sensed the commotion in the crowd, a bright light had already appeared in his originally deathly silent and empty eyes, as well as a flash of greed in Qin Luo Sheng's slightly narrowed eyes!

"Don't!"

Qin Luo saw that at the place where Qin Sheng's eyes landed and where his arms were waving, there was actually a woman dressed in ragged clothes with patches all over her body. She was so hungry that her face was yellow and her skin was thin. She hugged the child in her arms tightly.

"Mother, I want to go. I want to eat delicious food!"

Yet.

The first person who came out to "persuade" her was not Prefectural Magistrate Wu, nor was it the man at home, but the child in her arms.

With unsteady steps, this radish head, who was about four or five years old but severely malnourished, ran onto the platform with the help of the soldiers beside him.

"Sir!"

Children of poor people tend to take charge early.

Being in a place like the Sealing Ridge Fort, even a four or five year old child would know things early on. Even if he was not mature, at least he did not act like a child of his age.

"Do you want to eat?"

Qin Luo Sheng picked up a piping hot meat bun and broke it open. Instantly, the fragrance of the meat assailed his nostrils. The rich gravy produced by the pork inside emitted a mesmerizing smell. Not to mention the children at close range, even the crowd below could smell it. All of them looked over with fiery eyes and stood on their tiptoes. Their noses were pressed together as if they were inhaling a DU. They wanted to absorb this fragrance into their bodies, afraid that they would suffer a loss if they inhaled less.

"Yes!"

The child looked on eagerly, and saliva could not help but drip from the corner of his mouth. That bright galaxy-like gaze was what a child should have, filled with desire and yearning.

"Wow, what a cute child, so pitiful!"

"Host, host, give it to the child! It's just a bun. Look at how greedy the child is!"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, I'll give you a gift. Please help me buy ten thousand buns for these pitiful people! Please!"

"D * mn, Weeping Soul, why are you so evil? It's just a bun, can't you bear to part with it? You actually teased such a pitiful child. Has your conscience been eaten by dogs?"

"…"

In the live broadcast studio.

Seeing this scene, the crowd was already boiling with emotions.

Countless people were cursing!

Countless people were pleading!

This was especially true for those inexperienced, soft, cute and adorable girls who could not bear to see this. In an instant, all of them generously offered their money to buy buns for Qin Luo Sheng. They wanted to distribute the buns to these pitiful people through his hands, especially that small child who was skin and bones and had yellow hair.

Yet.

A group of people were performing!

At this moment, Qin Sheng was not paying the slightest bit of attention to the livestream room!

No matter how many gifts were flying in the broadcast room, he didn't even know.