Chapter 838: I'M Here To Save You!

White light flashed.

Qin Luo returned to Star Brilliance City. Just as those guys in the broadcast room were about to chase and intercept him, a puff of smoke quickly escaped.

They sped along.

Qin Luo came to the eatery!

He waved his hand.

Instantly.

Ten million gold coins were gone!

Such a huge amount of money was naturally exchanged for full loads of food and drinking water.

Fortunately, the superimposition of steamed buns and steamed buns took up 1,000 storage space.

Drinking water occupied a backpack space of 100L!

Or else.

He really couldn't move it!

"Weeping Soul! Weeping Soul!"

"Everyone, look! That guy in the Confucian robe with the rabbit mask is Weeping Soul!"

"Idol, give me your autograph!"

"Brother, I'm your long-lost brother!"

"…"

The purchasing speed of supplies was extremely fast. The amount of output and the payment of money was completed in one go. The time taken was less than 30 seconds.

Yet.

In such a short period of time, Qin Sheng was still blocked by a group of players!

"F*ck!"

Qin Sheng's face turned green as he looked at the food stores that were tightly packed.

"Sorry, I shouldn't have been so greedy!"

Qin Qin Sheng regretted it.

Originally, it was best to go to the Imperial City to buy supplies. After all, he was the only player there. It was impossible for such a thing to happen!

Except.

Although the Imperial City was good, the goods sold were also expensive!

Normally, it was fine for him to use it alone. However, this was a major purchase. If he wanted to raise a fortress, even if it was only a cent, how much would he support it?

One million yuan was definitely enough!

Qin Luo Sheng had just started purchasing in the Imperial City. He had practically emptied out all his assets. It would naturally be great if he could save a million!

However, he did not expect this.

These guys were so efficient!

"Spatial Jump!"

It was too late to crush the return scroll from the Imperial City. During the countdown, he would definitely be interrupted by these crazy people.

Besides.

The Sealing Ridge Fortress did not have a return scroll. Even if they returned to the Imperial City, they could only use the legendary command token once. In the end, they could only rely on spatial jumps to return. Therefore, why not use it now? There was no need to do so!

The scene changed!

The viewers in the livestream room followed Qin Sheng's change of direction. Within a second, the view had changed from the dining room in Starlight City to the magistrate court in Sealing Ridge Castle!

"F*ck, what ability is this?"

"Spatial teleportation? Isn't that too awesome?"

"Does Weeping Soul Beast have such a skill? Who can stop him in the future?"

"It doesn't make sense! If Weeping Soul Beast has such an ability, why was he blocked by the Thunder Union's people at Furious Bears Ridge previously?"

"Are you a fool or is there something wrong with your brain? Didn't the forum say that the Thunder Union used the power of the dragon race to set up an array formation to seal off the space!"

"Yes! Didn't you see in the video that Weeping Souls died but didn't escape and kept reviving at the original spot?"

"The people from the Thunder Guild deserved it. They dug a hole and jumped into it themselves. They got rid of Weeping Soul Beast and wiped out their own team. XSWL!"

"…"

He glanced at the comments on the live-stream that were discussing crooked things!

Qin Luo ignored him.

Looking at the time, only a minute had passed since the agreed time of half an hour!

He took out a tea set from his backpack!

It was still early.

He would enjoy it first!

Just in time.

He sorted out his thoughts and tried to think of how to solve the problem later!

He was not a speaker, nor was he a politician. He did not have any special abilities or the power to bewitch people!

Thus…

They could only start from the actual situation.

After being "murdered" for so many years, people in the Sealing Ridge Fort gradually thought of the changes of the walking dead. At this time, they indeed needed spiritual sustenance to resolve the persecution on their bodies. They could not see the cruelty of hope and were madly numbing themselves!

This.

Qin Luo could not give it to him.

Still.

What he could give him was not his next life, but this life!

To put it simply, the barrenness of one’s spirit was either because one’s material life was too abundant, to the point that one needed spiritual enjoyment in order to resolve one’s empty life. To put it simply, one had nothing better to do!

The opposite is true.

The lack of material life!

Even basic survival was very difficult. Under such a situation where the body was being tortured, not having enough to eat, not being able to wear warm clothes, and not being able to see the slightest bit of hope in reality, for the sake of living, he needed a reason to continue sinking into the sea of bitterness. In other words, he could only entrust everything to his spirit.

In this aspect, Buddhism was the best.

Lifetime Discussion!

Atonement theory!

It was a major event!

He wanted people to think that he had made a mistake in his previous life. He wanted them to atone for their sins in this life so that they could have their retribution in the next life.

It had to be said.

This was very compatible with the people of the Sealing Ridge Fortress. There was definitely a huge market!

"Sir, according to your orders, apart from the sentry posts and other posts, the rest of the people have gathered and are waiting for you in the square!"

Time passed.

Qin Sheng, who was sipping his tea and eating snacks, was deep in thought. He did not pay any attention to the passing of time. When he woke up, Prefecture Magistrate Wu was already standing in front of him with his head lowered, reporting respectfully.

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Magistrate Wu's squirming throat that was covered by his head but could not be concealed. He smiled and placed a packet of tea leaves, three steamers of steamed buns (10 steamers), two bottles of clear water (10L packaging), a packet of snacks (3 * 10 packaging), and a roasted chicken on the table. "Look at me, save Fengling Castle!"

After swallowing several times in a frenzy and suppressing the acidic water brought about by hunger, Prefectural Magistrate Wu turned his head with great willpower. He did not look at the tempting food on the table, turned around and left, following Qin Luo.

"Perhaps, we can really save the Sealing Ridge Castle this time!"

Looking at Qin Luo's back as he walked towards the door, under the strong light, he seemed like a messenger walking towards the light, like a god. For a moment, Prefectural Magistrate Wu felt something.

In the past.

Due to the uniqueness of the castle, the Imperial Court had sent many people to resolve the problem.

There were great Confucian officials who were full of wisdom and had the power to govern the country!

There was an awe-inspiring and arrogant general!

There was a famous Sage from a family that had been passed down for a thousand years!

He was like a god or a saint, a religious expert who had transcended the world!

…

Yet.

These people, without exception, were indeed very capable, but they had never solved the problem of the Sealing Ridge Fortress. Even when they were there and Hai Yanheqing was there, once they left, the Sealing Ridge Fortress would return to its original state. It might even rebound violently because of the blank period they were in, causing the Sealing Ridge Fortress to suffer even more.

This was how it was supposed to be!

"I hope that you can really lead Sealing Ridge Castle out of its predicament and free the people who have been tortured and suffered here!"

…

"Citizens of the Sealing Ridge Castle, I'm here!"

Standing on the platform, Qin Sheng looked down at the dense crowd gathered below. He took a deep breath and said in a resounding voice, "I, come, I've saved you!"