Chapter 833: Versailles' Host'S Daily Life (1)

"Hello, everyone. I'm Weeping Soul, a Buddhist streamer. I'm in the Imperial City…"

On Earth, livestreams had beautiful faces and beautiful voices. On a technological planet like the blue planet that could even simulate virtual reality games, the effects were naturally better. Qin Luo Sheng's voice was normal, but when it was transmitted through the livestream room and landed in the ears of the players watching the livestream, it became a different kind of voice. It did not change completely, but it also changed a lot.

After a brief introduction, Qin Luo kept his mouth shut.

This was not just to maintain his aloof image as a powerhouse through Weeping Soul Beast. The bigger reason was that he lacked the experience to communicate with others, so he really didn't know what to do. He could only remain silent!

If he did not speak, it meant that he would not make any mistakes!

Except.

This way, he offended many players.

Thus…

"Here? Is the host mute?"

"Yo yo yo yo, is this the legendary Weeping Soul Beast? You really have the demeanor of a big boss! You don't even want to talk to us small fries?"

"What's wrong? Weeping Soul Beast can't survive anymore, so it started broadcasting money? Pui!"

"Hehe! Watching a live stream is one thing! I'll consider it my loss if I give you a cent!"

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah… Why is it first-person perspective? Weeping Soul Husband! Show your face! Let me, your little sister, ZW!"

"…"

It was a live broadcast!

There were all sorts of people!

So what if he was sobbing?

It's not like you can follow the internet to attack me!

Moreover…

There were also a lot of malicious people taking the lead, and many people with dark thoughts obediently started to make noise…

So.

The entire live-stream was in a foul mood.

Other than a small number of players, most of them were fighting.

Although Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything, he had quite a number of fans. His idol had been insulted in such a way that he exploded on the spot. The holy war had begun!

"Silence!"

Qin Luo Sheng shot a displeased glance over and frowned. Without another word, he activated the 'Great Silence Technique' without fear of offending or harming others!

This time.

The world fell silent.

"As for some clowns, I don't want to bother about them. I live-streamed it just for fun. Although some people are trying to set the pace and say that I'm making lousy money, I just want to say that Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal are mine. I earned one billion yuan from the establishment of the gang auction previously, and every video I released is enough for trash like you to spend your entire life. So, if you want to set the pace, find a more reliable excuse."

Qin Luo Sheng fired the map cannon calmly.

"Those who like me can stay! Those who don't like me can leave! Yes, I'm very Buddhist, I'll say it again!"

As he spoke.

He took a glance at the screen that was exploding with presents!

He picked a few IDs that were pleasing to the eye and put them in the room.

Then.

The special effects of the gift became even more violent.

Especially those little fangirls and fans who had cute IDs, they were crazily spamming!

It was so that their idol could take a look. If he could get a room manager, get closer to him, or even add him as a friend, that would be so comfortable!

"Don't give me gifts. I don't lack money!"

As a broadcaster, Qin Sheng did not have the authority to prohibit others from buying gifts. After all, he was a capitalist. He would definitely be the first to receive a gift (bullying), gift (swindling), and money. This kind of behavior of giving (swindling) gifts (money) was a favorite!

"There are only these few housekeepers! Hmm, I like their IDs!"

Once again, Qin Sheng solemnly said, "Don't send gifts." Qin Luo did not say anything else. A good speech was hard to persuade a dead man. An adult had to be responsible for his own words and actions. "Whoever dares to lead the way, immediately ban him from speaking. He'll start in a month!—Alright, don't let some trash affect your mood. Buddha-style livestream, begin immediately. This is also my first time in the Imperial City. If everyone is free, follow me and witness the beauty of the Imperial City!"

With that,

Qin Qin Sheng let go completely, as if he had completely forgotten that he was still on a live broadcast. Under everyone's watchful eyes, he began to play single-player games!

The Imperial City was huge!

But Qin Luo's motive was also clear.

In reality, he bought a map from the provision store and stored it into the system. Then, he started strolling around aimlessly according to the detailed map of the Imperial City!

With his charm, he could kill anyone in his way!

After a while, the quest they received made the players in the livestream drool!

This damn livestream was too hardcore!

Indeed, the first person to eat crabs was enviable!

How many rewards would he get if he completed this number of missions?

Not only that.

Besides the quest, they also found many hidden NPCs and shops!

Under the envious gazes of countless people, Qin Sheng directly transformed into a local tycoon. With a wave of his hand, he swept away all the limited special items in the NPC's hands or hidden stores. No matter how expensive they were, he bought all of them, leaving none behind!

The consequence of doing so was that because there were too many things, the gold coins in Qin Sheng's backpack had shrunk substantially. Moreover, even with 1,500 backpacks, it was still not enough!

Instantly.

Many of the red-eyed patients in the live streaming channel were being sarcastic again!

This kind of monogamy really made people very irritable.

"Do you really think this is the end? The show has just begun!"

Qin Sheng did not say anything as he looked at the comments on the live-stream. He only smiled coldly.

Stop exploring!

Then.

He rushed to the Fang Capital Bureau!

The Viscount title was announced!

The Medal of Honor was revealed!

Charm Point Max effect!

The commandant of the Imperial City was very respectful!

"Sir, what do you think of this villa and these two shops?"

Qin Luo, who did not avoid the audience in the livestream room, openly stuffed a bag of money into the commandant's hands. Inside was a million gold coins!

The amount of bribery made countless people's eyes turn red!

A suite was stuffed out just like that?

A million might be a lot, but this was the Imperial City, and with the opening of the Exchange System, a million was nothing!

Still.

The effect was obvious!

The commandant immediately took out the best thing he could sell and had the authority to do so!

In the incomparably prosperous high-class villa district, # 1!

Value: One billion gold coins!

The two shops with the best location and the largest area!

A small shop, opening a branch of Hidden Dragon Pavilion!

Value: 10 million gold coins!

It was a large store with five floors of ancient and fragrant pavilions. It was an immortal branch!

Value: 100 million gold coins!

The rich dog did not bargain and bought them all!

The most annoying thing was that because of the Medal of Honor, there was a 30% discount.

Add to that the discount of the title.

Qin Luo Sheng only needed a normal price of 60% off to win it!

Although Commandant Fang was only a minor official, he was still considered a fat man. In his territory, his words were the imperial edict!

Perhaps it was because of Qin Sheng's identity, potential, and… well, the one million gold coins of respect!

So.

He got another discount on the spot!

This way…

50% off!

All of a sudden, he lost a total of 555 million!

Tsk!