Chapter 835: Entering The Palace And Meeting The Emperor

In the palace.

In the throne room.

At this moment.

During the court assembly.

Qin Qin Sheng held the letter of introduction and was led by the eunuch to the entrance of the throne room to wait for the announcement.

"What time is it? Morning court assembly? It's almost noon!"

Qin Sheng was having a good time. He had stayed in the Imperial City for more than ten hours and stayed up all night. He had even forgotten about his date with Du Qiangwei. He had wanted to go offline, but under the frantic urging of the live-stream, he was also itching to get the Rank three reward as soon as possible. Only then did he continue to play online!

As for the palace!

To the emperor!

As for the center of the dynasty, it was considered the 'game officials' of the Chinese war zone!

Not only were the audience in the livestream room curious, even Qin Sheng was quite curious!

After all.

This was not his first time dealing with the Great Xia Imperial Court!

‘ Of course.’

This was indeed the first time he had seen this!

Not long after, the eunuch who had gone to inform Qin Luo came out. He led Qin Sheng towards the white jade steps and arrived at the entrance of the great hall.

"Summon my soul for an audience!"

Excluding so-called titles such as viscounts or generals, there was only one name (ID) as a title. This was to Qin Sheng's liking.

Sometimes, those so-called etiquette was really annoying!

They stepped into the main hall.

Following Qin Luo's first-person view, the image reflected on the retina instantly caused the livestream room to boil.

This was not like those simple and crude scenes in television dramas, especially when this was the imperial palace's throne room in the fantasy world. That atmosphere, that grandeur, that magnificence, that splendor…

It could not be described with words!

Especially the momentum!

The power to look down on the world!

Gathering the fate of a country, or even the fate of a clan, was a supreme power!

Even though Qin Luo was a human and not an alien, he was still affected by this momentum. Even his breathing quickened, especially when he felt the endless gazes from all around him. The pressure increased exponentially!

"Weeping Soul Beast greets His Majesty!”

Qin Luo did not suppress Qin Sheng's might. He braced himself and walked forward. Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, he walked to the front of the throne and did not impolitely look straight at the emperor who was sitting on the dragon throne on the throne. Of course, he did not kneel or kowtow. He only cupped his fists and bowed his head slightly.

"How dare you be so impolite when you see our emperor!"

Before the emperor could say anything, an old man with the appearance of a civil official jumped out from the side. His voice was like a loud bell and his aura was majestic. His eyes were round like an angry diamond as he roared loudly at Qin Sheng!

"It's fine!"

The high and mighty Emperor spoke. Qin Sheng did not look directly at him, but from the corner of his eyes, he saw him waving his hand and his dragon robe fluttering. "The ignorant are not guilty. Besides, Weeping Soul is a warrior from another world and has contributed greatly to Great Xia. We permit him to kneel!"

"Yes!"

The civil official cupped his hands and bowed, then lowered himself back into the ranks.

"Thank you, Your Majesty!"

Qin Luo Sheng also expressed his thanks wisely.

"In my weak years, I will first kill the evil demons and clean up the universe. I will help Great Xia retrieve the Bright Light Mine and rescue the souls and corpses of the Demon-Buster Army's seven soldiers…"

The emperor's tone was gentle, as if he was talking about his family. He began to talk about Qin Sheng's past achievements in detail, not caring that this was a Grand Examination, a place to discuss important matters of the country. He wanted a group of big shots who could casually stomp their feet, even the empire would tremble, to listen to these "trivial matters" respectfully and quietly.

Qin Luo Sheng was rather touched.

Regardless of whether the Emperor was on purpose or for other reasons.

At least.

At this moment, they’d indeed given him sufficient face and respect!

"F*ck, this f*ck, Soul Sobbing is that awesome?"

"F*ck, looks like the strength revealed by Weeping Soul is only the tip of the iceberg!"

"I want to watch the video of him begging for mercy!"

"The battle at the Bright Light Mine, the danger of the Dragon Abyss encirclement in Star Brilliance City, the calamity of the Demon King at the mass grave, the calamity of the Moon Temple, the Ice Snow Temple, the Terrifying Dragon Platform… Damn, it's hidden too deeply!"

"…"

The emperor counted his merits in detail. As Qin Sheng listened, his heart was calm, but the netizens in the broadcast room were boiling with excitement.

These.

Other than some of the videos that were leaked out, one could still know a thing or two. However, most of them were hidden and there was no way to know.

The gamers only knew that Qin Sheng had almost completed the world television and obtained all the rewards for the first kill of the Bosses of various grades. However, they did not know that he had actually done so many things silently, gone to so many hidden maps, and completed so many special missions…

How infuriating!

He was also curious!

In particular, the recent battle at Terrifying Dragon Platform had caused an uproar. Qin Luo Sheng had also killed a Legendary Boss and ascended to the peak. He was only one Mythical Boss away from the first clear of the various grades!

Back then.

In order to retrieve the Dragon God's relic, the Black Dragon King attacked Star Glory City. Everyone in the world knew about it, especially the players in Star Glory City. They could feel the terror of the Dragon Abyss.

Such a BOSS was an existence that no one could match!

Yet.

Weeping Soul had killed him!

Who wouldn't be curious?

Who didn't want to know what happened during the battle?

"…You are the young hero of our empire. In time, you will definitely become a pillar of our dynasty, a pillar of support. As we grow older, we will still have to rely on your younger generation to inherit and lead our human race to prosper for eternity!"

After a long speech, the emperor finally got to the main topic. "Young genius, you have lived up to my expectations. I have high hopes for you and am full of confidence. However, you are still young and need more training. I see that your strength has also reached a bottleneck. If you want to advance further, you need an opportunity to break through. In the past, these matters were assigned to the various professional instructors to arrange missions for you. However, I have specially made arrangements for you! In desperate straits, you can stimulate your potential and break through your limits. I hope you will not disappoint me!"

"I will remember the Emperor's teachings!"

Qin Luo Sheng bowed and acknowledged.

At the same time.

He quietly raised his head and looked at the high and mighty Emperor.

A handsome, middle-aged man with an air of dominance and elegance. He had a gentle smile on his face, but his eyes were as deep as the sea. He was indescribable!

…

He left the palace.

Qin Qin Sheng looked normal on the surface, but no one knew that his back was already soaked!

The emperor was clearly very gentle and admired him, but for some reason, that invisible pressure lingered around him, making him, who was rebellious and proud, like a wild beast trapped in a cage. He was restrained and did not dare to act rashly.

He opened the mission panel and looked at the changed mission!

[Mission Title] Special Rank Three Mission

[Mission Introduction] Your name has long been known by the Emperor of the Great Xia Empire, and he is very fond of you. In order to train you, he specially prepared a special third-promotion mission for you.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Head to the palace and pay respects to the emperor (Completed); Stage Two—Head to Fengling Castle (Completed)

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time] One hour

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???