Chapter 837: The Scheming Emperor, The Conundrum Of Fengling Castle

Monster.

Those were good things, and their bodies were full of treasures!

An extremely strong defensive leather!

A bone that was comparable to metal!

An incomparably sharp tooth that could be used to forge weapons!

Magical beast meat that was more nutritious than ordinary beasts or even energy!

It had many uses, especially the organs that could be used in medicine!

Other than that.

The most valuable thing was the monster core!

Even the most ordinary monster cores could be sold for a high price, in terms of gold coins!

You have to know.

Gold coins were high-level currency!

Ordinary families used copper coins, and even silver coins were rare, let alone gold coins!

Such great benefits!

Naturally, it would attract many adventurers.

And adventurers.

It was normal for people who were bloodthirsty to begin with to have a mix of good and bad people.

But this way…

The Sealing Ridge Fortress had been destroyed!

There were natural disasters on the surface, and now, there were more man-made disasters.

It was truly tragic!

To say.

Why would there be people living in such a dangerous place? Wasn't it better for them to move out?

It wasn't that he didn't want to!

It was impossible!

Sealing Ridge Fort was the frontline fortress adjacent to the Wasteland of Death. Its strategic location was very important, and it was difficult for the Imperial Court to part with it.

Once this place was breached, the territory of the Wasteland of Death would expand. The magical beasts and monsters inside would emerge and spread out from the boundary of the Sealed Mountain Fortress, which was like the mouth of a gourd. In that case, a catastrophic consequence would occur and endanger the entire south of the empire!

So.

It was impossible to give up!

‘ Of course.’

The Imperial Court would not allow such an important strategic location to remain in chaos for a long time.

Except.

In the past, the people sent by the imperial government to resolve problems were unable to treat the root of the problem!

Several times, even the Imperial Court's envoy was assassinated by those audacious bandits, thoroughly angering the emperor.

Hence!

The Exalted-level experts had moved out, and a bloody slaughter had occurred. They’d completely wiped out the dregs that seemed like adventurers but were actually bandits.

Yet.

How could the darkness of human nature be resolved by a small massacre?

As long as there were benefits, there would be countless people with ulterior motives, like moths to a flame!

Soon.

Another large group of adventurers came and occupied the territory and nests of the "seniors". They started doing the same shady business as the "seniors"!

"This is so disgusting!"

Qin Qin Sheng really nearly vomited.

After hearing the words of the officer in charge of Sealing Ridge Fort, his expression was extremely ugly.

Damn it!

Emperor, you are really good to me!

Special assignment for me!

I thought it was some BOSS that couldn't be killed and wanted me, the expert who killed the Black Dragon King, to deal with it!

Unexpectedly.

He actually gave me such a difficult problem!

I thought you were a good emperor after the encouragement you gave me in the throne room. Damn it, I was too naive. How could a political person be a good person?

"This is too difficult!"

Qin Luo was on the verge of tears.

If he had to work hard on the BOSS, he would definitely do it!

As long as there was no Mythical Boss, there was nothing to fear!

But now…

Solve the historical legacy of Sealing Ridge Castle!

The difficulty was unlimited!

As long as the Wasteland of Death remained!

As long as those magical beasts still attacked!

As long as there were benefits, there would be endless adventurers!

So.

The problem with the Sealing Ridge Fortress could never be resolved!

Other than that.

There was also the internal problem of Sealing Ridge Castle.

Solve the water source problem!

Solve the food problem!

Resolving the mental problems of the people living here, giving them hope for life, changing the state of the walking dead!

This was even harder than ascending the heavens!

"Tsk tsk, this is going to be another headache!"

"It was supposed to be a strategy game, but now it has become a strategy game!"

"F*ck, are they here to play games or to be officials?"

“I was still feeling jealous earlier, but now it seems that being valued by the emperor isn’t a good thing!”

"This mission is so disgusting!"

"Interesting. Brother Weeping Soul Beast, listen to me. XXX first, then XXX, then XXX, and finally XXX. I'll let you pass!"

"…"

The group of netizens in the live streaming channel immediately went crazy!

There were many newbies, but there was no lack of smart people. When they heard the official's complaint (telling the background), they combined the previous factors and immediately guessed the key to the mission.

Now.

They were gloating!

Mad!

How arrogant!

Who asked you to show off!

Great, this quest B won't kill you!

"Do you have any detailed information for me to check?"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the group of retards. No matter how they collapsed, they would not be able to harm a single hair on his head. The most pressing matter at hand was how to deal with the issue of Sealing Ridge Castle.

"Yes, sir. Please wait a moment, I'll get it!"

Soon, a stack of documents was placed in front of Qin Sheng.

There was quite a bit of information. It took Qin Sheng more than an hour to finish reading it.

"Lord Wu, according to the information, the Sealing Ridge Castle only became so hot in recent years, right?"

Qin Qin asked.

"Yes!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu nodded repeatedly.

"The Imperial Court has investigated. Although they did not find the culprit, they found a feather emitting rich fire elements in a nest in the wasteland not far away. They speculated that the unknown magical beast caused the temperature around the Sealed Mountain Fortress to rise, right?"

Magistrate Wu nodded again.

"Currently, there are 127 bandit nests that can be recorded. Among them, three of the bandit nests are the strongest and the bandits under them number over a thousand. Is that right?"

Magistrate Wu nodded again.

"In addition to these external threats, the main problem in the Sealing Ridge Castle right now is the lack of food, lack of water, and low morale. In addition, the city wall cannot be consolidated, and we will be attacked by magical beasts and bandits at any time, causing everyone to be in danger. That's about the problem, right?"

Tears welled up in Prefectural Magistrate Wu's eyes. He did not speak, but his expression had already answered Qin Sheng!

"I already know the situation. Now, please gather the soldiers and citizens together. I have something to say in half an hour!"

Qin Qin Sheng pondered for a moment and then ordered.

As an imperial envoy sent by the Imperial Court, even the local highest-ranking official, Magistrate Wu, had to obey orders.

‘ Of course.’

A fierce dragon crossing the river forcefully suppressing a local tyrant, this could easily cause a backlash, causing conflict to intensify. If it was small, it would be a “disagreement between generals”, each scheming against the other. If it was big, there might even be bloodshed.

Still.

There were no such concerns here!

Fengling Castle was already in such a state. Magistrate Wu might not be living a life worse than death, but he was almost there. He didn’t even have a single guard at the yamen. Now that someone had come to take over this mess and solve the problem, he couldn’t wait to throw this hot potato away. How could he disobey?

"Looks like I'll be busy next!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but let out a breath of turbid air as he looked at the back view of Prefectural Magistrate Wu who had left after receiving his orders.

The difficulty of the Sealing Ridge Fortress was actually a small problem. The real problem was that the hearts of the residents here had already died. Or rather, they had lost hope. That was the most disgusting thing!

The external problems were easy to solve, but the internal problems were difficult!

"Forget it, I can only take it one step at a time!"

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his temples and took out Star Glory City's return scroll.