Chapter 840: The King Explode Once He Cards (2)

"Very good!"

Qin Luo was very satisfied with Little Radish's answer. He smiled at the child and said, "Call me big brother and I'll feed you!"

"Big brother!"

This was not an insult at all. Little Radish was very straightforward.

In fact.

In the face of endless hunger, very few people could hold on to their bottom line.

If it was an outsider or an existence that was not of the same race, perhaps it would be different.

But Qin Luo had been sent by the imperial court and had been entrusted by the emperor to serve as an imperial envoy.

They were also from Great Xia!

Strictly speaking.

They were still citizens of Qin Sheng!

People called their parents' officials' big brother ', and this was the other party giving them face and giving them the chance to climb higher!

"Good call!"

Upon hearing the word "big brother", Qin Sheng felt rather comfortable. He squatted down and reached out his hand to open the meat buns in his hand. The gravy overflowed and soaked the white flour, revealing the delicious food that had an alluring luster. He handed the little carrot head that was a little scared, hesitant, and extremely eager.

"Come, this is your reward for being obedient!"

It was not perfect, but it was filled with gentleness and kindness. At this moment, a radiant smile blossomed on Qin Sheng's face.

"Thank you, Big Brother!"

Perhaps influenced by the smile, Little Radish forgot the difference between him and Qin Luo. He walked forward with a firm but timid step and stretched out his hand covered in dirt. His fingernails were filled with black dirt. When he took the meat bun from Qin Luo's hand, it was not hot, but it warmed his palm and heart at the same time.

"Grandpa, Grandma, Father, Mother, Sister, I have meat buns!"

Hugging the opened meat bun with both hands, Little Radish sniffed the fragrance that rushed into his nose and swallowed his saliva crazily. He resisted the urge to wolf down the meat bun like a vicious wolf and eat it in big mouthfuls. Little Radish was extremely excited and carefully held it so that the gravy would not spill and the meat fillings would not drop. He opened his legs and prepared to run off the stage.

A four or five-year-old child.

Under the endless hunger, he was actually able to resist the temptation of the meat buns that he had never eaten before. He immediately thought of his family!

Filial piety!

It was so touching!

At least.

Qin Qin Sheng was moved.

The audience in the broadcast room were also moved.

It was not part of the plan, but Qin Luo did not stop it.

Perhaps there were some differences.

However, if he were to stop her now, he would not be able to overcome his conscience.

A child’s heart.

The filial piety of a child.

He could not be injured!

Gulp!

Gulp!

Gulp!

Countless gulping sounds could be heard.

As the meat buns "descended into the mortal world", they penetrated deep into the crowd and made "intimate contact" with them. The alluring fragrance instantly caused 99% of the population to drool uncontrollably!

Countless greedy eyes landed on the meat bun in Little Radish's hand!

Hunger was tempting to fall!

Not everyone could resist the invasion of desire!

Qin Luo Sheng had no doubt that if it weren't for the fact that he was still here, if it weren't for the countless steamed buns, roasted chicken, roasted duck, and all the suckling pigs, there would have long been chaos below. For the sake of eating a meat bun, he was willing to risk his life!

Qin Luo watched silently.

Little Radish's family was so emotional that tears welled up in their eyes as they hurriedly knelt down and kowtowed.

Then.

The old man and the young man ate some white flour!

The meat filling in the middle and the fragrant part of the meat were given to Little Radish and his sister!

Delicious food entered his mouth.

Especially when he was still extremely hungry. That kind of satisfaction was something that people who had never experienced it could never imagine.

"Do you want to eat hot steamed buns?"

"Do you want to eat meat buns with rich gravy?"

"Do you want to drink pure water without any filth?"

"Do you want to eat the delicious roasted chicken and duck?"

"Do you want to eat fat but not greasy, delicious roasted suckling pig and roasted whole lamb?"

"Tell me, do you want to?"

Standing on the platform.

Qin Luo shouted loudly.

There was no reason!

He could only ask.

One question after another.

Ask about food!

Ask Jing Shui!

Eat and drink!

What the people below were most concerned about now!

"Yes!"

A child suddenly shouted in silence.

His voice was loud and clear.

"Yes!"

"Yes!"

"I want to eat!"

"Me too!"

…

With someone taking the lead and Little Radish's family "Zhu Yu in front", the people who had been fearful of Qin Sheng's high official status also released their restraints.

them.

He shouted loudly.

It spoke of his inner thoughts!

Yes!

I want to eat!

I want to drink!

He wanted everything!

The light in his eyes had returned!

The greed in his heart had returned!

He went from a walking corpse to a human again!

Everything.

It was just a meat bun!

That was all!

"You want to eat it, but these are all mine. Why should I give them to you? What do you have for me in exchange?"

Qin Luo Sheng's words made the enthusiastic crowd instantly calm down. The light in many people's eyes even extinguished once again.

That's right!

The food and water belonged to someone else. Why should she give them to her?

What did he have in exchange?

"To be honest, these things are nothing to me. If I want them, I can have as many as I want!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not stop. It would be terrible if this bunch of fellas were unable to pull back their spirits. Hence, he continued, "I can feed you guys today. I can let you guys have a full meal. It's the same for water. After you've drunk enough, I can even bathe you guys."

Everyone looked up in surprise!

"Today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow…"

Qin Luo continued, "Three days, five days, a week? You can all eat to your heart's content and drink to your heart's content just like in your dreams. You don't have to worry about food or water. Will this last forever? I'm an imperial envoy sent by the emperor. I can leave after I get my political achievements. After I leave, what will you do?"

Everyone was silent.

"Reforming Secluded Ridge Castle, making yourselves full of vitality, and letting you all live a rich life from now on. This is my goal, and also His Majesty's wish and promise!" Qin Sheng continued, "It's just that you all know very well how difficult this is!"

"Humans can only rely on themselves!"

"I can solve your problems, but I can't solve your problems for the rest of your lives!"

"Even if I am like a saint, guarding this place and dedicating my life to all of you, what will happen after I die? How will your descendants escape from this predicament?"

"If you want to change your fate and give your descendants a perfect future, then you have to use your hands to create it. Others will never be reliable. Your own strength is the only thing you can trust!"

"Perhaps you are weak and powerless!"

"That's right!"

“You all have fought against it. You all have tried your best. However, everything that you all have done, in the end, is merely a dream.”

"Time after time, time after time. No matter how strong one's heart is, after countless failures, they will be tortured until they are riddled with scars and despair!"

"However!"

"It's different now!"

“Because—”

"I, who was able to bring all of you out of the abyss of misery and bring you and your descendants eternal peace and happiness, have come!"