Chapter 848: The Scrabble Completed, Plan Implemented (2)

He ignored the noisy live-stream.

Qin Luo Sheng activated the privacy system and blocked the image. Then, he turned on the communicator and started to reply.

In the friends list, the people representing the various large factions sent messages.

Qin Luo Sheng weighed his options and sold 80% of the qualifications!

Why was there a difference of two qualification prices?

Because the return scrolls of the Imperial City represented the future, they were able to allow those great powers to lay out their plans first and divide up the best positions in the Imperial City. Even if it was an investment, they could easily earn back Qin Sheng's "ticket" after selling it!

As for the teleportation runes to Sealing Ridge Castle, that was a bit lacking.

Even when facing the Wasteland of Death and the bandit nests of so many wild dungeons, they could only fight for a moment of glory. Of course, for battle-type players, this was undoubtedly better.

Besides.

Many players did not have the qualifications to buy shops or invest in them. Money was fine, but the Reputation was limited to 99% of the players!

Besides.

Even if they were teleported to the Sealing Ridge Castle, they could still go to the Imperial City!

It was only 3,000 kilometers away!

As long as you run, as long as you don't die on the way, everything will be fine!

Same reason.

Players who bought the Imperial City Return Scroll could also head to the Sealed Mountain Fortress. One qualification and two uses.

Qin Qin Sheng naturally knew this as well.

But it didn’t matter.

The reason why the Imperial City Return Scroll was twice as expensive was because of the time difference.

Players who had obtained the teleportation rune qualification, even if they rushed to the Imperial City by foot, could not compare to the players who had obtained the return scroll from the Imperial City. They could not eat the first wave of meat, so they could only drink some soup and choose the remaining spots that others did not want.

This was the difference of 10,000 crystal coins.

The advantages and disadvantages of the position!

"Alright, let the live broadcast continue!"

The screen flashed, blocking the contact. Qin Luo said calmly, "I still have 20 sets of qualifications, 10 return scrolls and teleportation runes each!"

As soon as he said that, the live-stream exploded!

20 sets?

Damn it!

Didn't you see how many people were in the live streaming channel now?

Not counting those who were still on their way, the number had already exceeded 200 million!

The ratio—

One in ten million?

You're such a show-off!

The chances of winning the lottery is even higher than this!

"What is the value of this qualification at this stage? Everyone here is a smart person, so I won't go into detail here. Although I am a Buddhist streamer, since I have eaten this bowl of rice, the officials have also given me money. During the live broadcast of the third stage mission, I will also be loyal to others and do a good live broadcast!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay attention to the rolling comments or even the insults as he continued, "Therefore, I will now take out 20 slots to give back to everyone! This is a feedback, not an auction. Therefore, it will be distributed in the form of a lottery!—The distribution is as follows: 7 housekeepers, one person each. This is considered my thanks. You have the priority to choose which qualifications you want. Tell me in private!"

"What the f*ck? This…"

"It's not fair! I protest!"

"Ah… Big Brother Weeping Soul is so warm!"

"Boohoo… Why am I not the house manager?"

"Tsk! I f*cking regret it! Why didn't you give me a round of gifts before? If I became a house manager, wouldn't I be able to get a free license?"

"The wardens are going to make a killing this time! Weeping Soul is really generous, I'm f*cking Buddha!"

"This qualification can be sold for at least a million yuan. No one will refute it, right?"

"Get lost! You poor b * stard! If you're qualified, I'll buy it for 10 million!"

"…"

When they heard that Qin Sheng wanted to give seven qualifications to the seven housekeepers, all the netizens in the broadcast room were jealous.

Jealousy separates me!

"The remaining thirteen spots!"

“Five will be chosen from the VIP seats!”

"Five of you will be chosen from amongst the brand-named netizens!"

"The three of you will be randomly chosen in the comments!"

In a word.

In the broadcast room, he was once again killed.

In an instant.

Players with various titles emerged one after another.

Players who could not bear to part with it, or those who could not afford a noble title, also spent one yuan to apply for a card and wore the "Weeping Soul" card given by the official in Qin Sheng's live-stream!

The comments that did not cost any money were even more explosive. If not for the time limit, even the Black Technology of the Blue Star would not be able to support such a huge amount of data!

"Start on time in ten minutes!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the disgusting comments of 'fleece' and sat on the fishing platform, sipping his tea.

As he sipped his tea, he communicated with the seven wardens.

Then.

He also received the liaisons from the various major factions.

"The incident at Sealing Ridge Castle can be considered a special event. I will try my best to communicate with the emperor and get the imperial court to give a certain reward, especially military merits!"

When everyone was present, as the host, Qin Luo naturally could not be rude. After pouring tea for the guests, he then entered the main topic and said, "If you have military merits, not only can you become an official, you can also exchange them for various treasures in the armory."

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng displayed [Military Rank: Middle Commander (Rank Six)] as well as the Water of Life Illustration and Enchantment (Attack Force) Illustration that he had exchanged military merits for. Not only did it make the eyes of all the big shots in the private room of the tea room burn with passion, it also made the netizens in the broadcast room clamor with excitement. Instantly, they increased their revenue, hoping that they would be selected and qualify.

"Everyone here knows each other. The magical beasts in the Wasteland of Death are being cleaned up and the bandits are being exterminated. As for how to distribute the many wild dungeons, you can discuss among yourselves!—This is also considered my mission. Although it is a win-win situation for everyone, I should also express my gratitude."

Qin Qin Sheng continued, "How about this! I'll give you a 50% discount for the high-grade potions in Dragon Island! If anyone needs them, please buy the list for me as soon as possible! Remember, you only have one chance. Because I'll be very busy from now on, and won't have the time to manage such trivial matters like potions!"

Everyone nodded, indicating that they understood. Then, they picked up their communicators and started reporting!

“Then, let the trade begin!”

With crystal coins in one hand, a return scroll or teleportation rune qualification in the other!

"If it's a teleportation rune, please wait for a moment. I'll set up a teleportation rune array at the Sealing Ridge Castle immediately!"

The qualifications were handed over.

The players who received the return scroll from the Imperial City could not wait to crush it!

There was no exception.

After all.

All of them wanted to fight for the best spot in the shop.

Especially those big businessmen.

It was like being chased by a dog!

He was afraid that he would be one step slower!

"Now, let the lucky draw begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng first handed out the qualifications for the seven rooms, then opened the lottery that he had previously agreed on.

First, it was the VIP seats with nobility!

The ID jumped crazily!

A few seconds later.

Stop!

Five lucky people were born!

"Ah! It's me! It's me! I won!"

"Thank you to the Jade Emperor, thank you to the Grand Supreme Elder, thank you to Buddha, thank you to the True Lord, thank you to CTV…"

"Dad, Mom, did you see that? Your son won the lottery!"

"Hahahaha… Who the f*ck dares to say that I'm unlucky now? There's a one in a million chance! Boohoo…"

"Is this for real? Really? Really? I've never even had the chance to get another bottle since I was young. How could I win such a big prize? I've finally stood up!"