Chapter 846: The Plan Begins! Qin Luo'S Attack (4)

[Wandering bandit]

Level: 53

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 25,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 7000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 10,000

Skills: [horizontal slash] [vertical slash]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Dream builders from all sides are defeated by the cruel reality. They are helpless and become homeless wanderers who specialize in attacking merchant caravans and civilians.

There was nothing to say!

Even the elite monsters were not trash. If not for the level 53, any second-rate player could kill him!

Even though Qin Luo Sheng was only level 50, he was able to take on the level difference of 10 levels and directly destroy the strengthened Epic. The legendary BOSS was merely level 53 trash.

He was dead in seconds!

He had become a ghost under the Sacred Dragon Sword!

It had to be said.

These bandits were really weak, but they were really powerful!

This "might" was not a mighty might, but an explosive might.

The equipment and miscellaneous items dropped were average, but the drop rate of coins was at least three times higher than normal monsters!

They were indeed bandits!

How rich!

Not only were they bandits, but the Wasteland of Death was filled with magical beasts of all kinds.

Even though they were in the periphery and did not encounter very strong people, there were really many of them. The variety was also very complicated.

Magical beasts were just like bandits.

There was nothing to say about the items dropped.

However, as the bandit gold coins dropped a lot, the magical beasts had a lot of materials.

Many of them were extremely rare in the market at the moment. Even if they were not astronomical, they could still fetch a premium!

Two kinds of monsters.

One, a human-shaped bandit!

Two, a beast-shaped magical beast!

The live streaming channel exploded!

Countless players were jealous!

This was a freaking treasure trove!

The experience points were extremely high, and no one would fight for them if there were too many monsters. It was explosive, and there were quite a lot of gold coins. In the end, they could even earn a sum from the materials…

In other words.

There was no need to worry about not getting anything in return!

As long as they encountered monsters, even if they were very knowledgeable about equipment, skill books, and scrolls, they would not drop anything. However, the gold coins and materials were enough to protect the dungeon, and they could earn at least a little!

A business that was definitely not a loss?

That would be great!

Not to mention the ordinary gold-plated bricklayers, even the elite bosses were drooling.

Not to mention the large map of the Wasteland of Death, even ten thousand people would not be able to explore it in a short period of time!

Most importantly…

Those bandit groups that had formed a climate and had territories!

Wasn't this just a wild dungeon that had yet to be developed?

Tsk!

Exploring dungeons!

How f*cking many benefits would he get?

It was not an inexhaustible gold mountain, but it was close!

If it was monopolized, once, twice, thrice… If he continued to farm, not to mention experience points and gold coins, how much could first-rate equipment produce?

Beep beep beep…

The communicator rang again.

Qin Sheng, who was on his way back, frowned. Without looking at who it was, he shut it down and blocked it!

This time.

The world was quiet.

"Don't disturb me now. I still have one more thing to do!"

Qin Luo Sheng finally turned his gaze to the livestream room. He believed that his friends in his friends' column were in the livestream room. Even if they weren't there, his words would still reach their ears within a minute. He said, "After this ring is confirmed, I will announce the competition method for the 100 spots in my hands!"

With that,

He did not care about the raging live broadcast and returned to his previous state!

He sped forward!

Qin Luo returned to Fengling Castle.

When he was a few hundred metres away from the Sealed Mountain Fortress, he suddenly stopped.

He took out the Dragon God Command!

"Dragon Lord Summon!"

He activated the skill.

In an instant.

The Dragon God Command released a blue light, and a huge magic formation was instantly formed. A water-blue giant dragon emerged from inside.

"True Dragon…?"

He looked at the dragon he summoned. It was not the second-level lizard dragon he summoned at the Flying Bear Mountain, Green Dragon Gullis, but the dragon bloodline dragon in the shape of a Chinese dragon!

“Dragon Clan’s Long Qi greets Lord Dragon Lord!”

In the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, Qin Sheng had defeated the Black Dragon King in front of the entire continent. The strength and abilities he had displayed were simply terrifying.

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng was not only the Dragon God's Imperial Decree holder, he was also the Dragon Lord acknowledged by the Dragon God. He had even replaced the Dragon Abyss and became the current king of the Black Dragon race, possessing both status and power.

In front of Qin Sheng, even Long Qi who possessed the bloodline of a true dragon did not dare act rashly.

Besides.

He had been summoned by the Imperial Order of the Dragon God. He had been suppressed by the Imperial Order of the Dragon God and restricted by the contract. He was not loyal, but he absolutely could not disobey Qin Sheng's orders!

"Can this place be modified?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste his breath and asked Long Qi directly. At the same time, he pointed his finger at the Ridge Sealing Castle hundreds of meters away. "Can you guarantee that the weather in the town over there will be good and that it will no longer be affected by the heat?"

"This…"

Long Qi was dumbfounded.

What was going on?

Didn't you summon me to fight?

I'm a f*cking dragon!

Arrogant Dragon Warrior!

He was not a water-spitting tool!

Tsk!

"No!"

Qin Luo's orders were absolute, and Long Qi didn't dare to be rash. After checking carefully, he shook his head and said, "The weather here is too extreme. With my abilities, I can't do it!"

"Not even the dragon race that controls the water veins in the world? Not even the water dragon race?"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned.

“If it’s Shi Yunbu, it would not be a problem.”

Long Qi said, "But if we want to maintain this for a long time, we either have to send seniors of the Dragon King's level to oversee this place or completely reverse the environmental factors here!"

"The Dragon King is in charge? Environmental modification?"

Qin Luo gasped.

Neither of these two conditions could be fulfilled!

"Is there any other way?"

Qin Luo asked unwillingly.

"No!"

Long Qi shook his head and said firmly, "As far as I know, there are only two ways!"

"It's impossible for a Dragon King to stay here. Is there any way to change the environment?"

Long Qi pondered.

After a while.

He raised his head and said seriously, "According to my investigation, although the earth veins here can't be compared to the central plains, they shouldn't have fallen to such a state. The reason why they became like this is definitely due to external factors. To be able to become like this, it must be either a powerful fire-type magical beast or a fire-type Numinous treasure! As long as we solve the root problem, the rest will be easy!"

Oh!

Qin Luo Sheng immediately rubbed his chin.

If he did not remember wrongly, there seemed to be similar records in the information given by Prefecture Magistrate Wu previously.

The Imperial Court had sent experts to resolve the problem, but they had taken the risk to enter the depths of the reduction of death and had not discovered the source. They had only found a red feather in a certain cave that was filled with dense fire elemental energy!

In that case…

The climate in the Wasteland of Death had become so dry. Even if it was not caused by the unknown owner of the red feather, it was definitely related!