Chapter 845: The Plan Begins! Qin Luo'S Attack (3)

"Thank you, Sage!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body trembled as he came to a realization. The Daoist he had come into contact with was also from Mount Longhu. Who else could it be other than Little Heavenly Teacher Zhang Daoming? It was just that he didn't dare to admit it without making it clear. He still asked, "May I ask if Heavenly Teacher's disciple is Daoist Zhang Daoming?"

"That's my disciple!"

Zhang Tianshi stroked his beard and said, "My disciple is incompetent. I cannot bear the name of Daoist Priest!"

"In that case, it's decided!"

The emperor made the decision and said, "The predicament of Sealing Ridge Castle is of great importance. I have handed this mission to you and even invited Heavenly Teacher Zhang's talisman matrix to assist you. Don't let me down!"

"Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded and then left with great foresight. "I shall take my leave!"

Ding… You have completed the triggering hidden mission. Reward: Teleportation Talisman Array * 1, Teleportation Talisman * 100, custom return scroll * 100!

Qin Luo was thrilled!

Teleportation rune arrays were like the Lifestone. They could be placed in a certain place and then teleported to this place through the teleportation runes connected to it!

Other than that.

There were also a hundred special return scrolls!

What was this thing for?

A return scroll from the Imperial City!

It was specially made!

It could also break the restrictions, allowing any player, even those who had not reached Level 50, to reach the Imperial City first!

This was the official compensation for the mission!

It was also an opportunity for Qin Sheng to make a fortune!

This…

Through Qin Sheng's first-person view, the livestream room instantly went crazy when it saw the teleportation array glyphs, the teleportation glyphs, and the special return scroll.

At this moment, the originally intermittent gifts exploded into countless numbers.

Not only that.

After receiving the news, countless people rushed into the live-stream room. The number of people increased rapidly, especially in the VIP seats. There was even a variety of maneuvers. Countless big shots rode various "mounts" over.

In an instant.

Shenron, Qilin, Phoenix, Single-Horned Horse, Cosmic Warship… The special effects filled up the entire livestream room. Combined with the dense barrage of comments, the livestream couldn't be seen at all.

It was also fortunate that the Black Technology of the blue planet was impressive. If it was on Earth, this kind of trouble would have caused the livestream to explode!

Beep beep beep…

The people in the live-stream roared. Qin Sheng could ignore them completely and pretend that he did not see them. In reality, he had indeed not placed his attention there. However, there was nothing he could do since his friend Didi in the game was not blocked.

He glanced at the caller!

Qin Luo Sheng gave up on Sanguine Rose and chose Yatu!

If he were to talk to this fellow, he wouldn't have to worry about exposing anything. He would be at ease!

"Wait for my news!"

As expected, Yatu had come for Qin Luo's special return scroll.

Even an idiot knew how great of a benefit it was to reach the Imperial City first. As the boss of the Elegance Room, an elite disciple nurtured by an aristocratic family, and with a group of advisors behind him, how could he not understand?

Even though the Class Advancement required Level 50, there were no other restrictions!

The most direct observation was to buy shops and houses!

This was the f*cking standard of a major power!

How special was the existence of the Imperial City? In the future, this would definitely be the central area!

If he didn't take advantage of this opportunity to gain a foothold, he would dig a hole and occupy a spot first. Could he just watch helplessly as others took a step ahead of him and eat the leftovers?

"Wait for my news!"

"Wait for my news!"

"Wait for my news!"

No surprises.

The friends that he had added to the leaders of the various large factions during the sale of the potions had all sent their congratulations!

Qin Luo Sheng already had a plan, so how could he simply release the precious quota?

He replied with four words before turning off the communicator.

"The first step of the plan has been implemented!"

Qin Luo activated his space jump skill and returned to Sealing Ridge Castle!

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head in satisfaction as he looked at the fortifications that had hope and food, and thus were able to revitalize themselves. He then distributed the supplies that he had just purchased.

There were no words of encouragement, only a few words of encouragement from Magistrate Wu!

To the people of the Sealing Ridge Fort who were used to living a tough life, no matter how gorgeous Da Kong's words were, they were not as realistic as a mantou!

Qin Luo Sheng had given them hope and had used practical actions to prove that if they followed him, not only would they have food to eat, they would also be able to eat their fill and eat well. The big white steamed buns were only of the lowest grade. Above them, there were the fragrant and delicious big meat buns as well as the meat that they would not even dare to think about in the past!

Prefectural Magistrate Wu had given Qin Sheng a great surprise regarding the internal affairs of Fengling Castle.

Not only had he done everything according to his instructions, but he had also rescued a time bomb like the spy. He had killed the spy immediately, leaving no loose ends and allowing him to focus on other things. This was great!

…

Outside the Wasteland of Death!

Qin Luo rode on Bing Bing, walking in this desolate and deathly place.

"This is a harsh environment!"

The sun was scorching hot.

The air was very dry, and the water molecules were almost extinct!

No wonder the ground was cracked to such an extent!

In this B environment, there were still living creatures. It was a miracle of life. As expected of a fantasy world!

Besides.

The most terrifying thing was that this was only the periphery of the Wasteland of Death.

Central region.

Inside.

In the core area.

What exactly was there?

How harsh was the environment?

It was simply unimaginable!

Qin Sheng circled around the area and spent a total of five to six hours to figure out the locations of all the bandit nests.

Three large bandit nests.

22 medium-sized bandit nests!

As for the small bandit nests and even the bandit groups that had no territory, there were countless of them.

There were also many bandits who acted alone!

These.

Most of them were adventurers and bandits!

Those who met the officials were adventurers.

When you meet a kind person, you will become a vicious bandit in no time.

These dogs were even more ruthless than the real Wufei!

Even though the bandits were detestable, they knew that killing a pond to catch a fish was not an option. Even if they wanted to plunder, they would not go all out. They would leave some leeway for the next time they came!

However, this kind of wandering and solo operation meant that he would do whatever he could. Under such circumstances, he would naturally do whatever he could. He wouldn't even let go of half a stone!

The most terrifying thing was!

Bandits would not kill unless they had no other choice. This was because these people were equivalent to their yellow cows working for them!

Everything else!

Haha.

Killing and robbing others was nothing more than this!

So.

These small gangs and lone bandits were also the thorn in the bandits’ hearts. They could not wait to get rid of them!

Along the way, Qin Luo Sheng encountered quite a number of small bandit groups even though he was scouting for information and figuring out the way. Good lord, these guys were indeed bandits. They didn't even say a word when they saw him and just drew their knives to kill him!

It was extremely ruthless!