Chapter 847: The Scrabble Completed, Plan Implemented (1)

"What should we do next?"

Since he had a direction and a target, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief. He was afraid that a tiger would eat the sky and have nowhere to bite!

"With the Water Dragon Pearl as the energy source, gather the power of the water veins and set up the array!"

Long Qi replied with a complicated expression.

How could he not have a complicated expression?

He was talking about the Dragon Pearl!

It was equivalent to the heart of an ordinary human, the Golden Core of a cultivator, and the inner core of a demon… Losing it meant death!

This meant that…

If Qin Luo Sheng wanted to complete the mission, then there would definitely be a dragon that would die. Moreover, it would be at the True Dragon level and belonged to his Water Dragon clan.

‘ Of course.’

It was not necessary for the living dragon race to sacrifice the dragon balls. The dragon race had experienced so many great battles, and many ancestors had left behind dragon balls after dying in battle. But these were all treasures of the dragon race, and even their foundation!

How could he give it away so easily?

Besides.

How could she possibly give it to him?

But!

‘ If you don’t give it.’

Not long ago, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform was still vivid in their minds. Because of this, the dragon race lost all face and their reputation plummeted!

If it happened again.

Who could withstand it?

"Is that so?"

Upon hearing Long Qi's method, Qin Sheng fell silent.

"Thank you, I understand!"

Qin Sheng did not know what to say when he saw the complicated look in Long Qi's eyes. He only thanked him, removed the summoning, and sent him back to Dragon Island.

"This is going to be troublesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his temples in pain.

He had won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, but he had also completely pushed himself to the opposite side of the dragon race. With his current relationship with the dragon race, wanting the Water Dragon Pearl was simply a dream!

"Forget it, I'll do my best and leave it to fate!"

Qin Sheng sighed helplessly. There was nothing he could do for the time being. He could only put it to the back of his mind and slowly think of a countermeasure.

If nothing else,

Using the Dragon God's Scale as a guide, he used a small relationship to summon the Dragon God's will and force the dragon race to hand over a Water Dragon Pearl.

Except.

If he did that, his relationship with the dragon race would definitely explode.

Although his relationship with the Dragon Race was not very good now, it could not be denied that not all the dragons hated him to the sky. Those neutral factions were even extremely devout to the Dragon God and had a good impression of him. It was just that they were suppressed by the mainstream who hated him now and did not dare to show their true feelings.

These existences were Qin Luo's return to the Dragon Island. He was sitting grandly in the Dragon Palace Hall as the main helper of the Black Dragon King. He was also the key to the SSS mission [Race Plan]!

Once he did something irrational because of the Water Dragon Pearl!

Then it was over!

Not to mention the completion of the [Race Plan] by boiling the frog in warm water, it would be good enough if the dragons did not try their best to assassinate him!

…

"Sir, what was that?"

Upon returning to Fengling Castle, Prefecture Magistrate Wu immediately came up to him. His face was pale as he asked worriedly.

Even though Qin Luo was summoning the dragons from hundreds of meters away, the dragon's massive body and vast dragon might could not be concealed at all.

The Ridge Sealing Castle, which had originally been ravaged by magical beasts and bandits, now had a dragon appear. This almost scared the guards on duty out of their wits.

"It's alright. I summoned that dragon to save the Sealing Ridge Fortress. Don't panic!"

One sentence.

Not only did this put Prefectural Magistrate Wu at ease, but it also calmed down the panicking crowd.

The current Qin Sheng had such prestige in Sealing Ridge Castle!

He said a few words to appease her.

Soon.

The people of Sealing Ridge Castle also dispersed.

Currently, there were many things to do in the Sealing Ridge Fortress. Since it was going to continue developing for a long time, naturally, it would not be like before where it had to fish for three days and cast a net for two days. It did not work hard at all and just casually did a few perfunctory things. Instead, it was extremely serious and used the greatest passion and the best materials to build fortifications and build a home!

Back at the magistrate court.

Qin Luo Sheng told Prefectural Magistrate Wu about it and reassured him.

This was the Chief Supervisor of the rear. Only by stabilizing him would the Sealing Ridge Fort remain calm!

Otherwise…

Qin Qin Sheng did not have the ability to take care of both sides at the same time. Not only did he have to deal with external factors, he also had to deal with internal troubles!

Prefectural Magistrate Wu was also an intelligent person and was very clear about his own position. He did not ask too much. If Qin Sheng said anything, he would listen. If Qin Sheng did not say anything, he would not take the initiative to ask either. He fully displayed the wisdom of walking through the bureaucracy and became an extremely outstanding tool!

…

He bade farewell to Prefectural Magistrate Wu.

Qin Luo immediately crushed Star Glory City's return scroll.

As soon as they returned, the players at the resurrection point turned around and ran away before they could react.

He ran to the teahouse next to Hidden Dragon Pavilion and quickly opened a large room with an elegant environment. He stopped all the pursuers outside before letting out a sigh of relief.

The tea room was quiet and elegant. It was a little expensive, but it had a B exp and was very safe and soundproof…

Simply put.

As long as one entered the tea room, especially the large private room that Qin Luo Sheng had currently opened, it was only a basic ability that others could not enter without his permission. Even the five-meter radius around the private room did not allow others to approach.

"Now, I will announce the 100 sets in my hands. No, it should be 200 sets of qualifications. How do I arrange it?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked towards the broadcast room. His cold voice caused hundreds of millions of living people to instantly boil over.

Special return scrolls could ignore the level 50 restrictions and allow players to teleport to the Imperial City. There were a total of 100 scrolls!

Teleportation glyphs, paired with teleportation glyphs, could allow any player to teleport to the place where the teleportation glyphs were formed. Needless to say, this teleportation glyphs naturally landed in the Sealed Mountain Fortress, a total of 100 sets!

Originally, the Emperor and Zhang Tianshi had offered a hundred portions!

These 100 sets included specially made return scrolls and teleportation runes. In other words, Qin Luo had requested for 100 otherworld warriors (players), one chance to come to the royal capital and one chance to go to the castle!

But now.

Qin Luo Sheng shamelessly broke it up!

‘ Of course.’

This was a good thing for everyone!

Qin Luo Sheng could rely on this to earn a hundred more portions of money!

As for the others, because they had 100 more spots, their chances of becoming lucky increased!

So.

No one objected!

Besides.

Objection was useless.

Qin Sheng, who was fully qualified, had the absolute right to speak his mind. In other words, Qin Sheng had the final right to explain himself. If he was satisfied, so be it. Even if he was dissatisfied, he had to endure!

‘ What?’

Boycott?

What an idiot!

These rich big shots were practically going crazy over such an opportunity. There were too many monks and too little porridge. Even a quota was enough to make them lose their minds. If you resisted, it would really make people laugh their heads off. They couldn't wait for you to get lost far away. This way, you would have one less competitor!

“A return scroll from the Imperial City, 20,000 crystal coins per scroll!”

"Teleportation runes, 10,000 crystal coins each!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his mouth indifferently and cut to the chase. He went straight to the point and offered a price!

Instantly.

The rich bosses who were crying and howling in the live-stream and looking for familiar faces with large amounts of gifts were all dumbfounded!

Tsk!

What the hell was crystal coins?