Chapter 842: Refining Hearts In The Red Dust! Qin Luo'S Awareness To Disheng (2)

"There's something I don't understand!"

Qin Luo Sheng asked, "Since the strategic location of Sealing Ridge Castle is so important, and the Imperial Court even sent so many envoys to improve it, why are the citizens of Sealing Ridge Castle still living such miserable lives? Let's not talk about other things, but at least supplies should be sufficient, right?"

"Sir, you don't know!"

Magistrate Wu sighed and said, "It's not that the Imperial Court is heartless. In fact, the Imperial Court is already taking very good care of Sealing Ridge Castle! But how many places are there in such a huge empire like Sealing Ridge Castle? There are also many places that are worse than Sealing Ridge Castle! How can the Imperial Court take care of them?"

Qin Qin Sheng understood!

Indeed.

There were really too many problems in every aspect in such a huge empire. Some people would complain about injustice, but he would never know. It was not that he could not see you or that he did not want to help you, but that he was really helpless.

It was like having a father and a mother, and having ten sons. How could one eat, dress, live, and do all the same?

"Is the problem really that difficult to solve?"

Qin Luo asked with a heavy heart.

"There are both internal and external troubles. It's a scene of desolation!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu did not reply. He only said eight words.

Eight words.

It was enough to explain everything!

Prefecture Magistrate Wu, who had been in the Sealing Ridge Fort for so many years, had already said so. On the surface, the situation in Sealing Ridge Fort was already rotten to the core. It was hard to save it!

Qin Qin Sheng understood as well.

He would not think too highly of himself!

Even so many emissaries specially dispatched by the Imperial Court had not been able to resolve this problem, so how could he compare to those who had both the ability and background?

Except.

When he thought of the group of people with lifeless eyes, who had lost their dreams and hopes, especially those children who should have had unlimited hopes and fantasies, he fell silent!

So.

What the emperor handed to him was not just a mission, but also a training, a heart tempering, and—a heavy responsibility!

If one wanted to become a pillar of the Human Race and a hero of the Human Race, one had to show the ability to support the "pillar" of the Human Race. And a hero had to lead the race towards a brighter future.

"I will definitely bring out the Sealing Ridge Fortress!"

Qin Qin Sheng clenched his fists and swore silently.

…

That night.

Qin Luo Sheng chatted a lot with Prefectural Magistrate Wu.

Late at night.

Prefectural Magistrate Wu was drunk and fell asleep.

It had been a long time since he had slept so peacefully.

Now.

Qin Luo had arrived.

There was hope for Sealing Ridge Castle.

Him.

He could finally put down the heavy burden in his heart for the time being. This was because he had someone even higher to shoulder the burden for him!

As he gathered the information, a plan that was not perfect gradually formed in Qin Sheng's mind. It could even be said to be full of mistakes.

Yet.

He had a plan after all. At least he had taken the first step.

Take advantage of the night.

Qin Luo Sheng also patrolled around the castle.

This was especially true for important places like sentry posts. They were even more focused on scouting.

It was late at night.

A special post like the sentry post did not slack off at all. The sentinels maintained their positions meticulously to prevent any accidents.

To that.

Qin Luo remained silent.

Nodding, responding to the sentinels’ heartfelt thanks for the question mark.

Then.

They took out chickens, ducks, pigs, and goats for the sentries as supper.

‘ Of course.’

It was impossible to drink.

Only water!

Qin Sheng left after the sentries thanked him profusely.

It was time for him to rest.

With the initial plan formulated, all that was left was to perfect it and solve the difficult problems in the plan.

…

The next day.

Qin Luo was still asleep.

In the game world, players' levels and energy were not limitless, but when it came to energy consumption, such as prolonged battles, they rarely rested, let alone sleep.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng had spent a long time thinking about his plan yesterday and had consumed a lot of brain cells. Only then did he become tired and sleepy.

"Are you interested in coming to the Royal City?”

After waking up, Qin Sheng did not start the live broadcast immediately. Even under the enticement of the official request and the "heavy gold" of the person in charge of the livestream panel, Qin Sheng had agreed to broadcast this mission in detail to the end. However, he still would not show it when he slept. Who knew if he would fart, burp, grind his teeth, and sleepwalk after he fell asleep. This kind of situation that damaged his image, even if there was only the slightest possibility, had to be completely blocked!

He picked up the communicator.

Qin Luo pondered for a moment, then his fingers slid and landed on a certain ID.

Sanguine Primrose!

As the saying goes, a night together as husband and wife is a hundred nights of grace!

Ahem.

They were allies who shared the same boat. Eh, they should be allies?!

There were benefits.

They would definitely find allies immediately!

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

He was not surprised at all.

Three question marks were sent over by Sanguine Primrose.

Imperial City.

That was the limit of Level 50.

Only those who had reached this level could enter.

The previous return scroll BUG method was completely useless against this move.

Now that Sanguine Primrose was only at level 48, there was no way she would be able to enter the city!

"I might have a way to get you to come to the Imperial City right now!"

Qin Luo sent a message over.

"Perhaps?"

Even though Sanguine Primrose was extremely excited, she didn't show it on her face at all.

"Right, maybe!"

Qin Luo said, "There's a possibility of success, but there's also a possibility of failure!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

What nonsense are you talking about?

"If you can't succeed, you won't lose anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng also knew that he had said something nonsensical, so he quickly added, "But if it succeeds, you should know what that means!"

Sanguine Primrose fell silent!

"Conditions!"

There was a long pause.

Sanguine Primrose asked hoarsely.

There was no free lunch in the world.

She had known this since she was young.

Especially.

The man she was facing now was even more evil than a devil. He would not get up early without benefits. How could he give her such a great opportunity for free?

Being able to think of her at the first moment was already an advantage for her as an "ally".

"You should know what I want!"

Qin Luo Sheng's righteous face instantly turned wretched. "Three nights!"

"Bastard!"

Sanguine Primrose's defenses were instantly broken as she gritted her teeth.

She had lost her composure in front of this man countless times!

It was like the bane of her life!

"You should know what this means!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly. "Just like the previous time when we established the gang order, accompanying me for three nights is a huge advantage! Entering the Imperial City first not only allows you to level up faster, you can also snatch the Imperial City's missions, seize the special items in the Imperial City, and also gain the upper hand. You can choose the places you like in the Imperial City's shops and residences…"

There was a flurry of words.

In an instant, Sanguine Primrose's defenses were broken!

She could not refuse!

He really could not reject it!

This temptation.

It was too big!