Chapter 844: The Plan Begins! Qin Luo'S Attack (2)

"Then this Sealing Ridge Castle…"

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to say something but hesitated.

"Rest assured, sir!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu took a deep breath, and his eyes suddenly turned blood-red, “This matter, this lowly official has already settled it!”

"Lord Wu, what do you mean?"

Qin Luo Sheng was startled. He suppressed his pounding heart and asked in disbelief.

"I have been an official in the Sealing Ridge Fort for so many years, but this lowly official is not completely idle! It is just that I had no choice in the past. My words were light and my power was weak, so I could not do anything. Also, I had hope, so I did not dare to alert the enemy."

Prefectural Magistrate Wu said, “Until yesterday, when Your Excellency arrived, a series of actions and the plan that this lowly official described made this lowly official make up my mind to place everything on Your Excellency’s shoulders. I have already specially instructed those spies in the Sealing Ridge Fort to capture and bury all of them while they were reporting last night!”

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng drew in a breath of cold air. He could not help but glance at this plain-looking magistrate Wu. Then, he gave him a thumbs up. "Official Wu, with you overseeing things, I believe that there will be hope for the Sealing Ridge Castle! In this way, I can completely hand over this place to you. Since there's no way to handle the supplies, then let me handle it. Rest assured, Official Wu only needs to settle the internal affairs of Sealing Ridge Castle. As for the rest, I'll do it!"

…

"People really don't judge a book by its cover!"

After bidding farewell to Magistrate Wu, Qin Luo Sheng crushed the return scroll of Star Glory City with great emotion. "Magistrate Wu, who looks harmless, actually has such shrewdness and capability. As expected of an official. If you underestimate such a person, you might even die from a sinister plot. You have to be more careful in the future. Don't be so naive!"

He took a portion of the revenue from Hidden Dragon Pavilion!

The profits of the Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion were still very considerable. With the supplement of food as an immortal, it could basically make up for the losses at the Sealing Ridge Castle!

"Hai, in the end, they lost the profits from when I, the Starlight Miracle, made a profit without any capital!"

Holding the hot gold coins, he turned his head and sent them back to the eatery. After sending out a large amount of millions of gold coins, Qin Sheng felt his heart ache.

This was only a day's worth!

Before the mission was completed, he had to spend at least that much every day. It was simply explosive!

This time, Qin Luo finally had a direct understanding of how terrifying the investments of those major powers were!

In comparison.

This was child's play!

He also understood why Du Qiangwei, that arrogant woman, could not resist his temptation!

Nothing else.

This bottomless pit was truly terrifying!

No amount of money was enough!

"Start the live broadcast!"

After the supplies had been replenished, Qin Sheng was not afraid of being surrounded and intercepted. At this moment, he recalled the nine-digit contract fee that the officials had given him. He had taken money from others and had helped them resolve their problems. He still had his professional ethics. Hence, he started the live broadcast that had been silent for ten hours!

The official staff who had been guarding the live stream channel immediately issued a public announcement. The advertisement was very loud!

Capital is capital.

Did they really think it was charity?

The other party had paid a nine-digit price, which meant that he was confident that he could earn back this investment.

No one doubted the potential of Weeping Souls.

Yesterday's premiere.

That heat was simply explosive!

Apart from other factors, just the gifts alone were close to nine digits!

Even if it was a miracle, a miracle that was born from the combination of the right time, the right place, the right people, and all the favorable factors, no matter how popular it would be in the future, it would not be so crazy. However, with the slow waters flowing, coupled with the unique live broadcast content, and the golden sign of "Weeping Soul"…

It was hard not to make a profit!

The effect of the advertisement was brutal.

Instantly.

A large number of netizens flooded into Qin Luo Sheng's live-stream!

There were all sorts of imperial princes, marquises, and earls who came riding on XXXX. There were many of them!

"Continue with yesterday's live broadcast!"

In the end, he was still the host. It was fine for Qin Sheng to be cold and aloof, but since he had taken the official money, he still had to put on an act on the surface. At the very least, he had to greet him, right?

Hmm!

Yes!

Just a greeting.

Then…

Qin Luo returned to his Buddhist state.

He played single-player games the entire time.

Not interacting with the netizens in the live streaming channel!

Even though they were used to this style, the netizens still expressed that it was very good!

…

Imperial City.

Qin Luo, who had already left Star Brilliance City, had arrived at the Imperial City. Moreover, he had rushed to the Imperial Palace without stopping.

With the Emperor's command talisman, even if they did not have the ability to continue sending it to the Sealing Ridge Fort, they could still use it as a keepsake!

This…

With a wave of the token, the guards immediately attacked and reported.

After a while.

Qin Qin Sheng was welcomed in by the eunuch.

He did not meet Qin Luo from the Imperial Court today. He was brought to the imperial garden of the imperial harem.

Qin Sheng hurriedly bowed when he saw the emperor sitting upright in the Imperial Garden pavilion. After that, he did not waste any time and expressed his intentions!

"I know what you mean."

The emperor knocked on the stone table, pondered for a moment, and then said, "Sealing Ridge Castle has already become a sore point for the Imperial Court, and it's really quite difficult to hand it over to my beloved subject to deal with. Since my beloved subject has already spoken, then I'll agree.—— Xiao Dezi!"

The eunuch-in-charge, who was respectfully serving them, bowed and came up.

"Pass down my orders to allow Venerate Heavens Supervisor Zhang to enter the palace for an audience!"

"Yes!"

After a while.

A middle-aged Daoist walked in.

"I have a talisman matrix. If I am calm, I can break the void…"

After understanding the situation, Zhang Tianshi said, “However, this talisman formation isn’t constructed from Void Illusion Stone, and it’s formed from the energy of space that the predecessors injected into it. Because the energy of space is truly weak, it possesses extremely strong restrictions!”

A bucket of cold water was poured over him!

Qin Luo, who had been very excited just a moment ago, instantly became a little dejected!

"May I ask what the restriction is, Sage?"

Zhang Tianshi glanced at the Emperor, and when he saw the Emperor nod, he explained to Qin Sheng, "The maximum number of people can be teleported is 100! The maximum number of times can be teleported is 100! Moreover, the teleportation is unilateral! It means that if the talisman formation is placed somewhere, then it can only be teleported there and can't be teleported back!"

Qin Qin Sheng understood!

"That's enough!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath. He did not dare to ask for anything else. A man who was not content was like a snake trying to swallow an elephant. This was his mission to begin with, and it was already good enough that he could get help. If he did not know how to appreciate favors and felt that this was too much, he would be at a disadvantage.

"This array glyph is the legacy of the Heavenly Master. I wonder if I can part with it?"

The emperor said, "Even if it's Weeping Soul Beast, Weeping Soul Beast is working for the Imperial Court after all. The matter regarding the Sealing Ridge Fortress is very important, and I can't give any other support. But Weeping Soul Beast came to me, so I still have to respond!"

"Of course!"

Heavenly Teacher Zhang nodded and looked at Qin Luo Sheng with a smile. "Benefactor Soul Weeping, you and my Taoist and Mount Longhu can be considered to be fated. That good-for-nothing disciple of mine has also frequently spoken of Benefactor Soul Weeping's magnificent feat in my ears!"