Chapter 843: The Plan Begins! Qin Luo'S Attack (1)

Even though Sanguine Primrose was a powerful player, she had countless subordinates under her.

In reality.

The Rose Society was simply a bottomless pit.

Especially after establishing the association, the investment was simply explosive!

As the official capital of the Huaxia warzone, the most important place in the future, the place where the players gathered…

The importance of the Royal Capital was self-evident.

If they could seize the important land first, they could develop faster.

Even taking a step back.

It was just an investment.

He would buy the shop for a few days and wait for the players' levels to rise. Especially when the big shots entered the Imperial City, he could sell the shops and residences in the best location. It would be a light price to increase it by ten times.

After all.

To players, especially players who could exchange RMB for gold coins, buying shops from the system officials was really cheap.

Besides.

Purchasing a shop required extremely high Reputation Points. Ordinary players were not qualified to buy it!

Together with the restrictions and consumption of reputation points.

So.

It was not an exaggeration to say that it was ten times more than that!

Coincidentally.

Sanguine Primrose needed money.

If he could invest, that would be great. Even if he could not fill up the hole, he could at least relieve the pressure!

"What do you think? Think about it?"

Qin Luo Sheng's demonic voice rang out in Sanguine Primrose's ears. Listening to the intense panting sounds, she felt rather pleased with herself.

The reason why he did this was not because he was a pervert who could not walk when he saw a woman!

‘ Of course.’

There was also this reason.

After all, Sanguine Primrose was the first woman he had ever met in his two lifetimes. There was definitely something special about her!

However, most of the time, it was because of Sanguine Primrose's arrogance. When a man conquers a woman, the satisfaction he gets from conquering her is even greater than the satisfaction he gets from conquering the world, especially the ice beauty!

Other than that.

There was also Qin Sheng who wanted to crush the pride of the Blood Rose through this confrontation over again and make her sink into oblivion!

When she betrayed herself into a habit, it would be the start of her falling completely!

This was war!

A war that no one would back down from!

Qin Luo Sheng knew that this was despicable, but he had no choice. It was indeed evil and he wanted to do this!

Who asked Sanguine Primrose to threaten him back then?

In order to tie him up, she even made a series of follow-up arrangements, including making use of her former self's hatred to hold evidence of him abusing and killing Li Ru and Lin Mingzhou. She also arranged for her former self's parents and family to be under surveillance!

Since you made me unhappy, I will return the favor!

Arrange for me to stay in your villa so that you can monitor me?

Alright then!

I will let you know what it means to invite a god but send it away!

"Du Qiangwei, Du Qiangwei, don't make a mistake!"

The light in Qin Luo's eyes was extinguished, revealing an indescribable cruelty and coldness. "It's fine if you agree, but if you don't, I might suspect that you can't take it anymore and are about to make a move on me! At that time, don't blame me for not sharing the same bed with you!"

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng and Du Qiangwei were allies, but this ally was merely a pleasant-sounding statement. In reality, Du Qiangwei was the master and Qin Sheng was the second!

Was an unequal ally still an ally?

Something would happen sooner or later!

Still.

As long as Du Qiangwei did not burn the bridge after crossing it, Qin Sheng would not panic.

After all.

He was confident.

If this continued…

Whoever was the master was the second!

Who knows!

Maybe.

Du Qiangwei already knew Qin Luo's intentions.

But this was an open conspiracy.

Even if you knew, you had no choice but to admit it and jump into the pit where you knew it was a trap.

Nothing else.

He couldn't reject it!

However, Du Qiangwei really had the courage to refuse.

So.

It showed that she had reached her limit.

Once that happened.

This proved that it was not long before they fell out!

It did not matter if Qin Luo Sheng was alone, but his parents and siblings were still under surveillance. He had no choice but to make plans early!

Fortunately.

Du Qiangwei made a wise choice.

"Alright, I agree!"

Qin Sheng felt his blood run cold when he heard this.

He was afraid.

But he was still happy.

Du Qiangwei compromised.

Prove that their alliance relationship will continue.

Even if they were to fall out, Qin Sheng was not afraid. However, this was not the best time to do so. It was naturally better to maintain the status quo.

"Then wait for my news!"

After getting the answer he wanted, Qin Sheng did not want to talk to Du Qiangwei, who was filled with hatred and resentment. He hung up directly.

…

She lay on the bed for a while longer.

After replying to some messages, he comforted Su Youran, Mu Mu, and the other girls.

Get up.

out.

Qin Luo revealed a smile as he looked at the castle that was already in a frenzy and was no longer as silent as it was yesterday.

Ten million gold coins!

A childish speech that killed countless brain cells!

Looks like…

It still worked!

"Lord Wu, good… good afternoon!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Prefectural Magistrate Wu, who was standing at the front line under the scorching sun, and greeted him with a smile. "I'm really sorry to only get up now and let Official Wu do things alone!"

"Sir, please don't do this. This lowly official doesn't deserve this!"

When Prefectural Magistrate Wu saw Qin Sheng, he smiled amiably. "Yesterday, it was this lowly official who did not have the strength to drink and ended up being laughed at by you. I heard that after you were done, you went on a patrol and gave the soldiers supper to soothe their morale. It really made this lowly official blush with shame!"

"By the way, Lord Wu, do you have any way to gather resources? I'll handle the Imperial Court and the money!"

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Qin Sheng got down to business.

“Sigh, Milord doesn’t know about this.”

Magistrate Wu sighed and said, "My Sealing Ridge Fort is so special, how can the Imperial Court not pay attention to it? It's just that the threat here is far more than just the magical beasts in the Wasteland of Death. Most of those bandit nests are built at the back, and they eat the goods of traveling merchants. Sometimes, they even dare to rob the Imperial Court's supplies. It's precisely because of this that my Sealing Ridge Fort is so miserable."

Qin Sheng:…

"So bold?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his ears.

F*ck!

These bandits were really awesome!

Who gave them the courage to plunder even the resources of the Imperial Court? Liang Jingru?

"Sir, you should know that there is no shortage of scum everywhere!"

Magistrate Wu’s tone suddenly became a bit gloomy, “It’s not that the imperial court hasn’t sent people to settle things, but every time we go out, besides catching some small fish and shrimps that don’t matter to us, we’re always empty-handed. It’s obvious that there’s an insider who tipped us off, and the status of this insider isn’t low!”

Qin Luo was silent.

Such spies were not lacking in any era!

Especially in his previous life on Earth, who knew how many traitors had been born from the hundred years of humiliation he had suffered!

How painful!