Chapter 849: The Scrabble Completed, Plan Implemented (3)

He ignored the five lucky people who were as excited as fools because they had won the lottery!

Qin Luo Sheng sent out the reward from the backstage in front of all his netizens.

Then.

The lucky draw continued!

Those who had spent a dollar on his "Weeping Soul" tag continued to draw!

Another five lucky people were born!

One of them.

A glimmer of hope!

It was a certain tycoon who had just announced his title.

The live streaming channel was in an uproar.

But there was nothing to say.

After all, the rules were to wear the "Weeping Soul" fan tag, and the rich tycoon with the title also wore the fan tag!

It was not against the rules!

Finally.

The commoners' bullet screen lucky draw!

There were only three of them.

This time, the wheel spun for a full minute before stopping.

Three lucky ones were born.

Even three fan cards worth one yuan could not bear to do it, but Qin Sheng still kept his promise and gave away the qualifications to sell the three cards at least a million yuan.

If he was not wrong, these three were most likely ordinary players' water friends. They would not be able to enjoy the qualifications themselves but would sell them at a high price!

He had no choice.

This qualification was indeed very exciting, but it was very friendly to the commoners and the poor!

Whether it was purchasing shops in the Imperial City or clearing dungeons in the Sealed Mountain Fortress, they either required a large amount of money and reputation points, or at least a level and strength!

How could the poor and the commoners have such capabilities?

Rather than wasting his qualifications, he might as well sell it and make a fortune!

In a situation where the rarer something was, the more valuable it was. Perhaps he could become rich overnight and settle all the girls in the car, house, and house. He could get rid of his status as a loser and walk to the peak of his life!

"Everyone, make a list of purchases. I'll go to the Sealing Ridge Castle to set up the teleportation array glyphs, and then I'll go to Dragon Island to buy potions. The trading location will be here!"

Qin Luo said.

He activated Space Jump.

After returning to Fengling Castle, Qin Luo Sheng placed a teleportation array glyph in the open space that Wu Shangguan had cleared.

Someone immediately teleported over as soon as the teleportation talisman matrix was set up.

To that.

Qin Luo Sheng had no objections.

The more proactive these people were, the more beneficial it would be for him.

He crushed the returning scroll of Dragon City.

Qin Luo Sheng was frantically buying potions according to the list. Perhaps it was because of the 50% discount, or perhaps it was because he only had one chance, but the demand was simply explosive. Qin Luo Sheng had to go back and forth eight times before he was finally able to complete the purchase on the list!

‘ Of course.’

This purchase of potions also blocked the content of the live broadcast!

How could Qin Luo Sheng be so stupid as to expose the price of the medicine?

Even if it was a 50% discount, he would still make a killing!

After all, this was a free trade!

How much did he earn?

The Buddha said: Not to be said!

However, at the very least, they had a week's worth of supplies in the Sealing Ridge Fortress!

He settled the trivial matters.

Qin Luo rushed to the palace without stopping.

Although it was another problem, he did not need to trouble others. He only needed the Emperor's word.

As for the reward?

What was it to a large empire?

Gold coins, equipment, skill books, scrolls…

It was all listed!

Other than that.

Military contributions were also included in the category of rewards.

This time.

Initially, he wanted to find a suitable place to level up and find other big shots in the wild dungeons. He felt relieved.

At least.

Before completing the first dungeon run and obtaining the first reward, he would not consider anything else.

After all.

Other wilderness dungeons did exist, but no one could say for sure if they could find them.

Now that there was a ready-made one in front of him, why was there a need to distance himself from it?

…

Over at the Sealing Ridge Fortress, it was in full swing.

Inside, Magistrate Wu led the NPC masses to build a city of their own, rebuilding the sturdy and heavy fortress!

On the outside, there were a total of 200 players. To be exact, there were currently 100 experts. First-rate or even first-rate players who had obtained the first-hand Sealed Mountain Fortress Teleportation Runes were crazily charging towards the Wasteland of Death, preparing to sweep through the many bandit lairs wilderness dungeons!

On the other hand, Qin Luo, who was leading all of this, became quiet!

He also wanted to do something, but all the teleportation runes had been sent out, and he didn't have a single one on him. Moreover, the Sealing Ridge Fortress didn't have any return scrolls that could be used. Previously, he had to rely on spatial jumps, and now that spatial jumps were in CD mode, he could only wait!

"This is a good opportunity. I'll take this chance to clear the level 45 Snake God Mountain dungeon and get the team reward!"

Qin Qin Sheng thought to himself.

At the same time.

It was also a small compensation for Su Youran and the other girls!

Perhaps it was because they knew how valuable the qualifications were, but the few girls were very sensible and did not rely on their connections to ask for them or buy them directly through the back door!

Even though it was Qin Luo's, it was up to him to decide whether to sell it or not.

Except.

The law did not care about favors.

In human society, who could truly do as they pleased without any scruples?

Besides.

He had gotten along quite well with them previously.

At least.

He had an extraordinary relationship with Sister Su!

"Are you interested in dungeons?" Qin Luo Sheng sent a message to Sanguine Primrose and asked, "Level 45 Snake God Mountain Abyss Mode, a team reward!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

Damn it!

Disgusting man!

I just teleported to the Imperial City, and you're telling me this?

"You're the one who didn't come, not me!"

Qin Qin Sheng continued to be eccentric!

"It's fine. I can't come, but my Rose Society is full of talents. I can transfer nine people to match… you!"

Sanguine Primrose replied through gritted teeth.

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

There was actually such a thing!

This woman was never at a disadvantage!

"I'll give you four slots!"

Qin Luo frowned and counted Su Youran's fixed team. "I have six people on my side!"

"That won't do!"

Now, it was Sanguine Primrose's turn to speak in a weird tone, "Back then, we had already agreed that this type of dungeon quest reward must be given to me. You only need to give me one person and the remaining nine spots will be mine! Now that you want to give me five, isn't it inappropriate? What do you think?”

Qin Luo: "Shoot!"

“Wasteland of Death, I’ll bring you to explore!”

In the end, he was still fooled by her words?

Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to compromise.

"Sure!"

Seemingly aware of Qin Sheng's personality, Sanguine Rose did not force him too much. When she saw that Qin Sheng had given in, she immediately gave in. Of course, this might also be related to Qin Sheng's generous conditions.

Wasteland of Death!

This was a huge pie!

Even though she did not know Qin Sheng's plans, she could tell from the few words he had revealed during his live broadcast that he had made a big move.

Having gone through so much with him, Sanguine Rose naturally knew how terrifying Qin Sheng's combat strength was!

He could deal with those bandit nests in the Wasteland of Death alone.

Even though there were so many of them, if they were to really get into a fight, there would only be one gift bag at most. There would be dozens of them of all sizes and none of them would be safe!

The reason why he had given up so many wilderness dungeons was firstly to save time, and secondly, to take the opportunity to gain something.

In other words.

Qin Luo Sheng himself had already shifted his gaze away from those bandit nests in the wild dungeons to look at a better and stronger place.

If she followed him, she would have meat to eat!