Chapter 841: Refining Hearts In The Red Dust! Qin Luo'S Awareness To Disheng (1)

“Perhaps.”

“You don’t agree.”

"I don't blame you!"

“After all, there have been too many instances of you falling into despair again after having your hopes reignited.”

“But I’m different.”

"I will not be like the seniors who were sent here, thinking about saving you!"

"I will only lead you and guide you!"

"You want a good life, you want to build a paradise for your descendants so that they won't have to live a life worse than death?"

"Then!"

"Use your own hands to create it!"

"Home!"

"It's your home!"

"How you create it is your business!"

"The land beneath your feet is the wealth left behind by your ancestors!"

"Are you willing to let it be trampled on? Are you willing to let it become the back garden of the magical beasts and bandits? Are you willing to let your children and grandchildren live in fear like you?"

"I know!"

"You don't want to, but there's nothing you can do!"

"Now, I'm here!"

"I'm a foreigner. I don't understand your feelings for this land!"

"Your determination will determine how far I can help you!"

“I will illuminate all of you and guide you in your direction. I will help you clear out the universe, exterminate the demonic beasts and clear out the bandits. But what about in the future? After I leave, what will you do?”

"Tell me!"

Below.

Silence!

"I am willing to sacrifice my life for you, sir! Please guide our way forward and save us, the people of the Sealing Ridge Fort. We will forever be grateful to you!"

An old man with white hair and beard knelt on the ground with a firm tone.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As the old man knelt on the ground, the domino effect was triggered. The crowd below was all kneeling on the ground. Whether it was the elderly or the children, none of them fell. They knelt and touched the ground with their heads. They used the lowest and most sincere method to pay their respects and pray!

"Very good!"

"I can see your sincerity!"

“Only.”

"I don't know about your determination!"

“Next.”

"It's time for you to show your determination!"

"If I discover that your determination and actions are completely incompatible with your sincerity,

"Then!"

"I will completely give up on all of you and leave you to fend for yourselves!"

The people below trembled.

“Now.”

"It's my turn to express my determination!"

“Next.”

"You will distribute certain supplies every day."

“But.”

"These are not for free."

"Be it the elderly or the children, they must work hard in exchange for food and water!"

"As for the details, I will discuss it with Magistrate Wu later on!"

“Today.”

"Take these as my greeting gifts, I'll reward you!"

"Let's party! This is the last party before we go to hell!"

"From tomorrow onwards, you will be in purgatory! Those who can persevere will see the most beautiful future! If you can't persevere, then please go to hell!"

…

Sealed Ridge Castle, which had been silent for a long time.

Today.

It was brimming with vitality.

People surrounded the bonfire, singing and dancing.

Everyone was smiling from the bottom of their hearts.

Big white steamed buns, big meat buns, big fat chickens, fragrant roasted duck, soft and sticky suckling pigs, delicious roasted whole goats…

And the most precious pure drinking water!

Be it adults or children, they did not need to save food. They would eat until they were full, eat until they were full, drink until they were full, drink until they were full!

Satisfaction.

It was that simple!

I'm full!

That would do!

…

"Lord, you really have a kind heart!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu rubbed his round belly and wiped the oil off the corner of his mouth. He looked at the table full of delicacies as he sipped his tea alone. He resisted the urge to burp and said emotionally and gratefully, “This lowly official is full of admiration!”

"Lord Wu is too polite!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a sip of tea. Although he was not hungry, he could not help but be affected when he saw how much of an appetite Prefectural Magistrate Wu had. He had a little appetite. He did not want to eat the grease from the big fish and meat, but he did not let go of those exquisite pastries.

These desserts were of high quality. Of course, they could not be compared to the specialty desserts that he had eaten in the City Lord Residence. They could increase his attributes permanently and provide him with all sorts of buffs for a period of time. However, other than this, the taste was actually not much different. At least, it would satisfy his appetite.

"No!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu had a serious expression on his thin face. He said, “This lowly official has no intention of sucking up to you! This lowly official may not be talented, but I have been an official for so many years. There are many things that I can still see clearly. Others may not know what you said before, but this lowly official knows. Your good intentions are truly the fortune of the millions of citizens of Fengling Castle!”

Qin Sheng:…

"In the past, the Imperial Court had also sent many envoys in all aspects. Regardless of whether they were in politics or reform, they were in the military, and they were bloodthirsty and murderous.… or something else. They were capable and had achievements. However, none of them were like you, my lord, who had truly thought about us."

"Even though the number of people in our castle has decreased over the years, we still have more than 100,000 people. With one meal from my lord, we will be able to eat and drink to our heart's content. Moreover, we will not lack coarse grain bread, cornbread, steamed buns with fine flour, steamed buns with rich gravy, chicken, duck, pigs, sheep, or anything else. A conservative estimate would cost at least millions of gold coins!"

"This is only the beginning. According to Your Excellency's goal, there will be an endless amount of investment in the future. Even if supplies are cut and standards are lowered, it will still be an astronomical amount of expenditure. In this aspect, even if the Imperial Court can provide Your Excellency with assistance, Your Excellency will definitely pay the bulk of it out of your own pocket. This lowly official represents the 100,000 citizens of Sealing Ridge Castle and will forever remember Your Excellency's kindness!"

"Lord Wu is too polite!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expressionless face could not help but soften when he heard these heartfelt words.

Even though Qin Sheng was indeed on a mission and all of this was for his own sake, it was undeniable that he truly wanted to lend a hand and help this bunch of "compatriots"!

Qin Luo asked himself, was he a saint or a hypocrite?

He did not know either!

But he knew very well!

He was not a saint, or even a good person!

But even so.

As a person, he had his own kindness and innocence!

Ignoring the immortals, Buddhas, saints, demons, and ghosts in novels, just the famous people in history had tempered their hearts in the mortal world!

Good deeds accumulate virtue!

Helping others was also helping oneself!

Tempering of the mind!

A spiritual transformation!

The sublimation of the spirit!

This seemingly illusory object actually existed!

Even in reality, when you helped someone and received their sincere gratitude, you would feel very satisfied. You would feel very fulfilled in your heart. That was to "refine your heart", or to call it a cultivation of virtue and accumulate good!