Chapter 854: The Chosen One, The Birth Of The Carp (2)

Sealing Ridge Fort?

That's right.

It was the Sealing Ridge Fortress!

Weeping Soul had been live-streaming the entire third-promotion mission and was battling with NPCs in terms of wits and courage. Now, he had to go to the Wasteland of Death to find a powerful BOSS to cause trouble. It had already caused an uproar in the world!

"F*ck! Isn't this the Sealing Ridge Fortress?"

"Little Meng, tell me the truth. Are you a hidden rich second-generation heir?"

"F * * k, I'm so fucking envious of the real-name system!"

"I'm rich! Host! Do you still want a younger brother? Bring me along!"

"This… could it be that you were one of the lucky winners?"

"…"

The live streaming channel exploded!

Countless people turned into lemons!

Damn it!

Even the Teleportation Runes of the Sealing Ridge Castle cost ten thousand crystal coins each. Moreover, they could not be bought with money. All of them had been bought by those large factions. The only ones that had been left were the twenty slots that the Weeping Soul Stream had given back to the netizens. Seven of them had been directly given to the seven housekeepers in his live-stream. Seven of the twenty slots had been deducted, and only thirteen had been obtained through luck.

How many people were there in Weeping Souls' live-stream?

At least 300 million!

Such a chance was even lower than the chance to buy a lottery ticket. To be able to stand out from the crowd and successfully obtain a spot, just how strong would the European King be?

Now.

There was only one in front of him!

How could he extinguish the hatred in his heart?

It was just a weird tone without any fragrance coming out of her mouth. Her lips were smeared with honey, which was already considered very high quality!

"Are you selling the streamers or not?"

"Boss, you have the right to sell me!"

"One million! Brother, I'll pay one million!"

"Get lost. One million is nothing. I'll pay two million!"

"Brother, sell it! With this money, it's enough to buy a house with a surplus!"

"…"

In the live-stream, there were endless cries.

Not only the original netizens, but after the news spread, other players who received the news also rushed over and entered the live-stream.

The originally ordinary Salted Fish live-stream room quickly became popular. It was still far from being an A-lister, but it was already not far from being a B-lister!

"Everyone, everyone, don't lead the way!"

Xu Meng was very happy when she saw the popularity of the live-stream. She quickly said, "As you can see, I'm currently in Sealing Ridge Castle. My qualifications have been used up. I can't sell them even if I wanted to!"

If possible, Xu Meng really wanted to continue dragging it out. She wanted to see the popularity rise and the endless gifts. It was very exciting!

Still.

He was not stupid.

Back then, he had given up on earning at least a million yuan and used a house to gamble. He had used this qualification to prove that he was smart!

Most people would choose the latter!

Even if he lost the bet, it didn't matter.

In any case, this qualification was given by the heavens, so he didn't lose anything!

"Little Meng is just a losers streamer. She is only level 42 now. The weakest monsters in the Wasteland of Death are level 50. I can't defeat them!"

When Xu Meng heard that they had lost their qualifications, many of the big shots who had rushed over retreated. However, there were still many people who chose to stay temporarily to see if there were any surprises. Xu Meng took a quick glance and saw that the popularity and number of people were at least a hundred times more than hers. She immediately beamed with happiness and hurriedly asked to stay.

"This huge Sealed Mountain Fort is like an oasis in the desert. The scenery is unique. How about we enjoy the beautiful scenery that is different from the city?"

"Moreover, there are many NPCs here, and the Weeping Soul Beast has set his sights on a higher level. He did not dig deep into the potential of this place, and the other experts have gone to explore. There is no time to waste here. Little Meng has benefited!"

"Salted Fish's daily broadcast has been halted. From today onwards, we will begin the treasure hunt in Sealing Ridge Castle. This is the first day, and also the first episode! Everyone, please pay more attention! Thank you!"

For a broadcaster, no matter which aspect it was, the content would definitely be king.

Even if he was a good-looking broadcaster, he had to rely on his looks and talent to attract attention, right?

Although Xu Meng was just a newbie, her mind was active. After being a host for so long, she naturally did not do it for nothing. She knew very well what the audience needed to see.

Thus…

Without further ado, he gave a brief introduction before setting off!

Conversation!

Conversation!

They continued chatting!

The losers and geeks were indeed not good with words.

But that depended on the location!

That was indeed the case in real life, but in the online world, hehe, if the key came, he would blow it ten times!

Even though virtual reality technology was different from traditional computer keyboard and mouse technology, in a sense, they were all games. There was no difference!

Now, under Prefectural Magistrate Wu's guidance and Qin Sheng's endless supply of resources, everyone was filled with hope and confidence.

The NPCs in the Sealing Ridge Fortress showed the greatest kindness to Xu Meng, who brought them hope!

However…

Most NPCs were just passionate and did not have what Xu Mengmeng wanted!

Until…

He encountered a group of children!

"Big brother, are you from the same place as Lord?"

"Big brother, your clothes are so pretty. Niu Niu likes them!"

"Big brother, can you tell us the story outside?"

"Big brother…"

"Big brother…"

Xu Meng was being held back!

There would be plenty of naughty brats everywhere!

Fortunately.

Xu Meng had a gentle personality and liked children. Compared to real brats, the group of "mud monkeys" in front of her really made her heart ache!

He was as thin as a matchstick and his clothes were dirty. His face was sallow, but he was very sensible. He stood at the side and did not approach Xu Meng, afraid that she would dirty his clothes. His dark eyes were filled with light. It was a longing for the outside world and hope for the future.

"Alright!"

Xu Meng was silent for a moment before she revealed a warm smile. Without hesitation, she spent a large sum of money to purchase a batch of expensive sweets and pastries from the virtual trading platform, as well as various drinks.

Seeing the children wolfing down their food with a sincere smile, he also smiled happily!

Putting aside the matter of finding special NPCs and searching for hidden missions, Xu Meng found a shady spot and told a story to a group of children!

Countless busy adults were pushing stones and carrying wooden materials as they passed by. When they saw this scene, they all revealed peaceful smiles, their eyes filled with warmth and gratitude.

The boring segment caused the popularity of the live-stream to greatly decrease!

However, Xu Meng did not care about this.

As a child who had come from the countryside, when he saw these children, it was as if he saw his past self!

He did not have the ability to give them a future, but he could give them his care and concern. Perhaps, he could ignite that faint light and plant a seed of hope in the hearts of the children!