Chapter 851: Mythical Gloves: Hand Of The Abyss

"Using Weeping Soul Beast as a friend? That's impossible!"

Qin Luo shook his head. "It's all because of that big mouth of Qin Zhen's. If he knew that his brother was a Weeping Soul Beast, wouldn't everyone know about it? Right now, I have no intention of completely exposing my identity, nor do I have the ability to do so!"

"Mo Bing?"

Qin Luo Sheng recalled that he was still grinding the [Demon Palace Instance Dungeon] and gathering the External Avatar of the Blood Demon Set, Ink Ice. However, he rejected the idea after a thought.

Ink Ice was a trump card.

Other than Qin Sheng himself, he would never reveal this to anyone else!

"How about that?"

Qin Luo took a glance at his stats and saw a line of words in his vocation column. His eyes suddenly lit up.

Coincidentally.

His previous thoughts could come true after he obtained the equipment from the Dragon Forging!

Initially, he had wanted to order it specially, but now there was no need!

"Ghost Face!"

Ding… Ghost Face activated successfully. Please choose your change! '

A screen popped up.

This situation.

It was when Qin Luo had asked Meng Hui to open the server, when he had just established his game character!

"ID? Hmm, how about paying your respects? In a game novel from my previous life, there was a character who happened to like it very much. Furthermore, he was also called King of Fighting!"

That was the plan!

Qin Luo's fingers moved continuously. Under the ID column, he typed out four words—

Desert Dust!

"The ID is done. As for the rest, it doesn't matter!"

He took a glance at the remaining information and realized that it was useless. Of course, he still had to pinch her face. Otherwise, who wouldn't know that she was crying her soul?

"I thought that the Bone Shrinking Art wouldn't be of any use for the time being, but I didn't expect it to be useful now. What a coincidence!"

The ability of Ghost Face could change information and hide one's identity. In addition to the [Ghost Face Clone], it could be said that as long as Qin Sheng did not seek death, or special detection abilities like the Heavenly Eye would basically not be exposed.

Thus…

Coupled with the Bone Shrinking Art, the only possible way for him to expose his identity was to change his physique and back. That would be absolutely safe!

"After the Ink Ice, another person appeared!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his changed appearance. His appearance was very similar to Fist Emperor Desert Dust. He was much sturdier and stronger than Weeping Soul. He was like a brute with great muscles. He nodded his head in satisfaction.

"Search for the Basic Skill Experience Books again and it should be almost ready!"

The "Fist Emperor Sutra" was only an incomplete scroll. There were only techniques recorded in it, not skills.

This was equivalent to a tie!

If you want to do it, do it!

Act! Act! Act!

Although time was tight and he couldn’t get any good Skill Books, it didn’t matter if he used them first. It wouldn’t be a problem to fool his ignorant siblings!

In the future, he would make up for it!

Now.

Without lowering the price, he bought four or five basic skills books from the virtual trading platform at a high price!

King of Fists.

Strictly speaking, he could be considered a Berserker.

However…

Ordinary Berserkers used swords, while Fist Emperors used fists and gloves.

Right.

Speaking of boxing gloves, activating the "Fist Emperor Scripture" and obtaining the hidden profession that was a subsidiary of the Fist Emperor was to obtain boxing gloves.

And his complete set came from a Dragon Forging Grandmaster. Moreover, it was a piece of work that a Dragon Forging Grandmaster had put in a lot of effort to become a martial grandmaster. It was definitely extraordinary!

A series of backflips.

Qin Luo found the glove that was emitting a dim glow from his backpack.

Although it was called a boxing glove, it was actually completely different from ordinary boxing gloves!

It was made from an unknown metal. It looked full of spiritual essence and was full of dao charm. Upon closer inspection, an indescribable domineering aura rushed over.

It was like a glove, but it was also similar to a claw. The fist could display its weight and strength, and the sharpness of the five fingers could be seen when it was opened.

Qin Sheng had no doubt that the gleaming cold light could easily pierce through the armor or fur of others and dig out their hearts!

[Abyssal Hands (+ 10) (Enhanced + 10 and Gifted attributes)]

Type: Gloves

Grade: Mythical

Requirement:???

Durability: 100 / 100

Effect: Attack + 25,000 (+ 16,000), Strength + 1500

Enhancement Reward: + 100% Physical Attack (This condition is limited to increasing the weapon's attack) + 10 to Enhancement: When attacking, there is a 50% chance of doubling the damage of the attack!

Special Effect: After [Abyss] is locked onto by the target, the target will be forced to use an "Abyss" DEBUFF, all skills will have their power reduced by 30%! (Continue until the end of the battle)

Special Effect: [Tyrannical] Stance is triggered. The target hit by the Hand of Abyss will be heavily injured. Pain block will be ineffective. Every punch will decrease all attributes by 5% (excluding life magic). The maximum decrease is 50% of all attributes. It will have a 50% chance of repelling, 30% chance of defeating, and 10% chance of flying!

Special Effect: The Claw Attack of [Sly Path] is triggered. The target hit by the Abyssal Hands will bleed non-stop. The pain shield will be ineffective. Each hit will reduce the upper limit of your health by 5%. The upper limit of your health will be reduced by 50%. There is a 100% chance of bleeding, 50% chance of penetrating, and 10% chance of breaking!

Additional Skill: [Unparalleled Fist Overlord] consumes 10,000 mana. Effects: 1. For 1-5 seconds, accumulate power and deal 200% - 1000% damage. Additional 100% flying damage! Cooldown time: 10 minutes! Effect: 2. Use countless punches in 1v1 or group battles (depending on the user's attack speed) within a very short period of time. Damage per punch is fixed at 200%. Duration: 3 seconds. Maximum x seconds (depending on the user's physique). Cooldown time: 1 hour!

Additional Skill: [Afterimage Ghost Claw Splits the Heavens] consumes 10,000 Mana Points to use on a single target, displaying its peak state. The Hand of Abyss turns into an afterimage, like a ghost claw appearing, tearing apart the sky, dealing 80% damage. Attack count:???? Duration:????, Cooldown: 24 hours!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Arcane meaning: Abyssal Hand] effect???, Cooldown: 7 days! (Activation Condition: Unknown)

Endowment: [White Tiger Seventh-Gold Sharpness] uses the White Tiger divine power of the Four Symbols of Young Yin to display the Seventh-Gold Sharpness. When attacking with a fist, the damage will be increased by 100%. After every nine attacks, it will definitely trigger a serious injury effect. When attacking with claws, the bleeding effect will increase by ten times. After every nine attacks, it will definitely trigger the breaking effect!

Introduction: The Hand of the Abyss. The Dragon Clan's genius forging grandmaster, Dragon Forging, is a masterpiece. With it, one can reach the peak of the human world and become a great grandmaster! When it is completed, ghosts cry and gods howl. When the tribulation lightning descends, the heavens will not tolerate it!

Invincible!

Savage!

Ruthless!

Qin Luo Sheng stared fixedly at the complete set that had actually reached the mythological level. He was so shocked that his mind was completely blank!

Him!

He was dumbfounded!

A terrifying attack, an additional effect of a freak!

The dual form between the glove and the claw!

The three special effects were all offensive without any defense.

With [Abyss] as the main force, [Tyrannical] as the fist, and [Deviant Dao] as the claw.

Reduce the power of the enemy's skills, reduce all the enemy's attributes, and reduce the upper limit of the enemy's health!

Extremely irritable!

As for the supplementary skills, both of them were comparable to forbidden spells, completely not letting down the word "myth"!

Other than that.

There was also an unprecedented forbidden technique!

Profound Truths!

Qin Luo knew.

And there was an additional restriction, a restriction, a restriction!

It immediately became more impressive!

Unfortunately.

Qin Sheng was rather regretful that Qin Luo was not able to activate a forbidden technique that was even more terrifying than a forbidden technique.

…

Ding… Do you want to add the player Frost Snow Blossom as a friend? '

Ding… Do you want me to be your friend?

With the [Ghost Face], Qin Sheng, who had changed his appearance, added his younger sister Qin Qin'er and younger brother Qin Zhen as friends.

He ran over to the main city of the duo and picked them up.

"Brother, you're so awesome!"

Looking at the information displayed by Qin Luo's Desert Dust, Level 46, Class: King of Fighting. Even though he didn't know the equipment on him, he could tell from its appearance that it wasn't ordinary.

This caused the eyes of the younger brother who worshipped the strong to shine, and even the eyes of the quiet younger sister were filled with extraordinary splendor!

"Come, this is my gift to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng had always been fighting alone, and he had always been ruthless and tyrannical. He killed monsters beyond his level, cleared dungeons, and completed all sorts of hidden missions. He was completely unaware of the growth path of ordinary players.

Where to level up, where to get equipment, what missions…

He was at a loss!

Fortunately.

There were many experts amongst the people!

There were many strategies online!

Qin Luo Sheng currently had no time to accompany his younger brother and sister!

So.

Only money opened the way.

There was nothing to say.

One million gold coins and seven sets of special equipment!

Money and equipment.

There was no problem at all.

Whether it was farming monsters or dungeons, as long as it was not a cross-level quest, or choosing a nightmare or an abyss, there was no problem!

Both his younger brother and sister were elites who could enter the key colleges. Their brains were naturally not bad!

Even though he was unfamiliar with this virtual game world, there were so many strategies. He could just go through the motions.

It was a game.

It was best for him to experience it himself!

Even if he was occasionally stupid, he would be happy!

With the help of an expert, he had no experience at all!

"Okay, that's it! Go familiarize yourselves with the game. If you don't understand, read the guide! I have something to do, so I have to go! If you can't get me in the game, call me. If I'm fine, I'll pick up!"

Qin Sheng hurriedly gave a few quick instructions before turning around and leaving under the understanding of his younger siblings!

Change of identity.

It went from Desert Dust to Weeping Soul. After confirming that there was nothing that would be exposed, Qin Sheng removed the screen!

In spite of the furious stream channel, Qin Luo activated Spatial Jump and arrived at Sealing Ridge Castle!

Next.

The official part of the plan began!

——————

Author’s Note: The introduction is a little too much. There are 999 additional words sent.