Chapter 852: Wasteland Reclaimers, Gather!

Fengling Castle's problem.

Internal Worries: A group of NPCs can't see hope, a spy from the bandits, a broken place…

These.

Qin Luo Sheng and Prefectural Magistrate Wu had already been perfectly resolved!

Currently, only the defensive fortifications of the Sealing Ridge Fort had not been built yet and were still in full swing. However, with the entire city's strength, even if the children were helping, it would not take long!

External threat: Magical beasts in the Wasteland of Death, bandits and evil adventurers, hot climate…

These.

Qin Luo Sheng had also taken care of most of it.

It was very difficult to gather a magical beast group. Usually, there were only a few big cats and small cats. If they got lost, there was no need for the players to do anything. The Sealing Ridge Fortress could settle this by itself.

Even though the Sealing Ridge Castle was tattered,

In the end, this was also a military fortress. At the level of a fortress, even a broken ship would have some nails. If a few magical beasts could break through it, this place would have long ceased to exist!

The guards standing on the city walls were not to be trifled with. After training in this godforsaken place, the weakest ones were all Level 50 Gold Bosses. There were also squad leaders, commanders, generals, and so on. They were so strong that even Level 80 could not defeat Qin Sheng!

It could be said.

As long as the magical beasts did not gather into a large-scale beast tide, then the Sealing Ridge Fortress would be as stable as Mount Tai!

By the time the fortifications were completed, it would be impregnable. Even if the beast tide came, it might not necessarily collapse!

As for the bandits and the evil adventurers.

Even though the threat was slightly greater than the beast tide, it was not much!

After all.

These fellows were greedy beyond measure. It was impossible for them to have the same heart.

As long as they did not unite together, they would only be a mob. At most, they would be able to defeat the Autumn Wind. They would not be able to defeat the Sealing Ridge Fortress!

Besides.

Now that the players were involved, they could not even take care of themselves. How could they still have the mood to attack Sealing Ridge Castle?

Except.

This hot weather was really tricky!

Even though Qin Sheng already knew the solution, the most important Water Dragon Pearl was still his life!

"Forget it, I'll take it one step at a time!"

There were two steps to resolve the hot weather!

The first step was to get rid of the root cause!

That was to kill or drive away the magical beasts that caused such a hot climate!

Like this.

The weather in the Sealing Ridge Fortress would slowly return to the past!

Even though it was adjacent to the Wasteland of Death and was incomparably dry, at least it would not be like it was now. The high temperature was not raining, and the heat was unbearable!

The first step was done.

He could only take the second step!

Using the Water Dragon Pearl as a source of energy, he set up a rain spell formation, turning the originally extremely hot weather into water that moistened all living things, allowing the weather to become smooth!

"We're starting the Wasteland Reclamation. Gather in ten minutes. It's not enough!"

Qin Luo Sheng picked up his communicator and sent a message to Sanguine Primrose.

Ten minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng stood before the gates of Fengling Castle and looked at the row of girls before him as the corners of his mouth twitched!

Not only were there six girls led by the Rose Society, but there was also Azuresilk, Mumu, Dazzling Dance!

Damn it!

So be it!

"Yo, little brother, we meet again!"

The coquettish older sister twisted her S-shaped curves. Ignoring the fiery eyes of the beautiful yet mediocre little fairy around her, she displayed her curvaceous body. With a pair of flirtatious eyes, she looked straight at Qin Luo and greeted him with a smile.

Qin Sheng:…

"Hello!"

This woman was still the same!

Back then, when Yatu established his first mercenary group, he received a special hidden mission and paid a high price to hire him to help.

Dazzling Fire was in the middle of the formation!

Even though it had been such a long time since they last met, not only did the coquettishness not diminish, it even surpassed the past. Amazing, amazing!

"Why are you all here?"

Qin Luo Sheng's head throbbed in pain as he made a greeting. He then turned to look at Mu Mu, who had an indifferent expression on her face.

"Are you surprised?"

The corners of Mu Mu’s lips curled up, and she laughed mischievously like a little fool.

"Didn't you guys go with Yatu to clear the dungeon?"

Qin Luo was speechless.

"I don't have the time!"

Mu Mu replied, "Brother Yatu and Fengxing are in the Imperial City now. They are probably fighting with those guys for shops, houses, quests, and items! It can't be helped. We only have five qualifications. With just the three of us, we don't even have a Guardian. Isn't it courting death to enter the dungeon?"

Qin Sheng:…

"There are only so many qualifications. I don't think the other factions can form teams as well, right? Although you guys have a strong competitive relationship, in the current situation, it's beneficial for both parties to work together. If you guys split up, it'll hurt both parties. It shouldn't be a problem for you guys to mix together, right?"

This was indeed the case.

Other than Sanguine Primrose, who managed to obtain ten slots from him with the price of one night, the other factions could only get six or seven slots at most!

He had no choice.

There were too many people, and the quota was limited. It was really not enough!

Besides.

The price was quite high.

Even now that the dungeon system was out, the crystal coins obtained were much more than before. However, it was extraordinarily difficult to collect "tens of thousands"!

It was probably the East Imperial Pavilion and the Sky Tyrant Guild that had obtained the most quota from him. With such a foundation, he could start from five!

With the lack of manpower, there were only a hundred players in the Sealed Mountain Fortress. If they had to maintain their sectarian bias, they would be courting death!

If they couldn't even gather enough people to buy the dungeon, wouldn't they be wasting their money to get the qualifications?

"Of course!"

Mu Mu said proudly, "Hmph, Big Sister Qing Si, Big Sister Dancing Fire, how strong are you? There are many people who invited us! However, hehe…"

As he looked at Mu Qinluo, who had shifted his gaze to him, how could he not know what this girl was thinking? He was instantly rendered speechless!

Do I look like a sucker?

"How is it better to follow them into the dungeon?"

Mu Mu was a little embarrassed, and she blushed slightly as she said, "You're going to explore anyway, so bring us along! Sister Dancing Fire and I will draw the monsters for you, and Sister Azuresilk will heal you! The three of us will accompany you, and we won't be lonely on the way!"

Mu Mu also knew her own strength. Although she was strong, it still depended on who she was competing with. Compared to this hooligan in front of her, she still knew her own limits. Even if she was the fire mage with the most violent output, she only dared to obediently talk about luring monsters and not help out!

"Alright, alright. The three of you can form a ten-man team!"

Bringing along Sanguine Primrose and the rest was also bringing along Mu Ziqing.

Coincidentally.

There would be six members of the Rose Society, three from the Pavilion of Elegance, plus himself.

It was a ten-person team!

Heaven's will!

"Hey, are you guys done flirting?"

Sanguine Primrose stood there with a cold expression on her face.

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Sanguine Primrose speechlessly. This woman was not to be outdone. She glared back at him without the slightest bit of fear!

He formed a team and skillfully pulled the nine girls into the team!

"Let's go, let's go!"

——————

Author’s Note: The Hand of Abyss should be at the Mythical stage. Yesterday at dawn, it was written in a daze. The title was wrong and has been changed!