Chapter 850: Another Identity Born: Desert Dust

How shrewd was Sanguine Primrose?

How could a vixen like her who schemed against others not know how to weigh the pros and cons?

Besides.

Right now, Qin Luo's live broadcast was like the sun in the midday sky, its popularity exploding. If Rose could participate in this live broadcast mission segment, she would be able to show her face and display the foundation and strength of Rose Society.

This advertisement!

The effect was incredible!

Originally, the Rose Society could not take it anymore. After establishing support and recruiting people, they could not make ends meet. Perhaps, while strengthening themselves further, they could also reverse the situation and turn their losses into profits!

This deal!

It was not better than the quota for the five teams?

"I'll give you my ID. You can decide what to do next!"

Sanguine Primrose sent the IDs of the four members of the Primrose Militia to Qin Sheng, which was the quota for this mission.

"Damn, this woman is really hard to fool!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless.

He was no fool, he knew what Sanguine Primrose was planning.

Still.

It didn't matter anymore.

So be it!

Let her taste something sweet and numb first.

Besides.

This time, she did not spend a single cent on the return scroll to the Imperial City, but she had asked for ten slots!

Three special return scrolls worth 60,000 crystal coins!

Seven teleportation runes worth 70,000 crystal coins!

0 effort!

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng would not suffer in silence!

The price of not giving crystal coins was 13 nights!

Ten thousand crystal coins represented one night!

In addition to the two nights he owed!

Oh!

It has already been half a month!

Why would Sanguine Primrose agree to such a ridiculous request?

Qin Luo Sheng had a vague guess, but it was not clear!

Other players did not know the use of crystal coins, nor did Zhang Daosheng, but he definitely knew about the Bloody Rose that had bought talismans from Zhang Daosheng!

Perhaps it was precisely because of this that this woman treated the crystal coins as a rare commodity and did not take them out. She just stored them and "paid" in another way!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng was fine!

Money, he was not bad!

So.

He wanted crystal coins for this transaction!

And right now, there was no place to use crystal coins. It could only be considered as preparing for a rainy day and collecting a wave first. That was all!

With the help of others, whether or not Sanguine Primrose would give it to him was a question!

Not even a little bit!

…

Half an hour later!

The team was assembled!

He looked at the nine beautiful girls in front of him. That's right, they were all girls. Moreover, they were extremely good-looking. Even if they were sent by the Rose Society, they were all beautiful girls. As expected of the Women's Union!

He asked for his opinion.

The nine girls all nodded in agreement!

Since that was the case…

Qin Qin Sheng also let go of the restrictions and revealed the screen of the broadcast room.

Initially, he did not want to start a live broadcast. Firstly, it would expose the privacy of his teammates, and secondly, he did not want to expose his combat trump card!

Still.

Since the girl did not mind, he had nothing to say.

As for his trump card, it didn't matter. Why would a bunch of minions need him to use his trump card?

As for the Boss, other than the second last Titan Python and Daoist Snake, the rest were not qualified!

Previously, when he was soloing the dungeon, Daoist Snake's combat ability was simply devastating. If not for the revival of the Luan Snake, he would have already exhausted all his tricks in the final battle. He would have already died from paralysis.

‘ Of course.’

Perhaps this was also the arrangement of the mainframe!

After all.

Daoist Snake, who was in his final form, was invincible. His strength far exceeded the limits of the dungeon. He was not someone that the current players could defeat!

Maybe.

The condition of this final round was to force Daoist Snake's final form out and then help the Luan Snake escape, allowing the two old enemies to fight and settle their grudges!

Hence.

The clearance rating was SSS-rank, not perfect SSS-rank!

If his guess was right, the SSS-rank players would definitely be able to sweep through the whole world and kill from the beginning to the end. They would only be able to obtain it after killing Daoist Snake in his final form!

"Now, live stream. Level 45 dungeon Snake God Mountain, Abyss Difficulty!"

Qin Luo Sheng explained to the audience in the livestream room. Then, amidst the endless sarcasm, he led the nine beautiful girls on a journey to the dungeon!

Before.

Qin Luo Sheng had already posted the guide and editing video of Snake God Mountain!

Still.

Live-streaming and watching videos were two completely different things.

Besides.

In the video, it was Qin Sheng alone. And now, he had nine great beauties as his companions. Not only could he watch the livestream learning skills, he could also watch the girls grow up to be pleasing to the eye. It was blissful!

Having experienced it once, he was naturally familiar with it!

A sweep.

This time, it only took less than two hours for Qin Sheng to reach the summit guarded by the Titan Python!

Then.

The battle began.

Except.

The live-stream was not filled with excited shouts, but countless question marks.

Because.

Qin Luo had already blocked out the contents of the live broadcast!

Next.

That would expose his trump card. He could not let it be broadcasted!

A great battle!

The Titan Python was dead!

Then.

Another huge battle ensued.

Daoist Snake, die!

This time, Daoist Snake did not take his final form. He was completely annihilated after the landslide.

In the dungeon, there was no Rune Confinement Array, and the Nature Phoenix Snake had disappeared!

"Ding! Chinese war zone players, please take note. Chinese war zone players, please take note. Player Weeping Souls, My Heart, Nainai, Little Vegetable Girl, Indigo Collar, Cat Panda, Blood Rose, Allure Peony, Green Lantern Bright Moon, Little Lily, cleared Level 45 dungeon [Snake God Mountain], and obtained the exclusive reward of the team: + 80 for the four attributes, + 3 for luck, and professional equipment * 1! At the same time, their heroic deeds will be imprinted on the Hero Monument for all heroes to admire!"

Ding…

Ding…

Experience obtained!

He had gotten the reward!

World television broadcasted it three times in a row!

Awesome!

The CD for the space jump had been completed long ago, and Qin Sheng was also prepared to head to Sealing Ridge Castle to handle the matters there. In the end, the current third-promotion mission was more important.

After saying goodbye to the girls, Qin Sheng was about to activate his space jump when the system's warning sounded beside his ear.

"Someone contacted you in real life?"

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded.

Out of the game.

When he came out of the gaming capsule and saw the caller on his phone, his mouth twitched.

It was actually his younger brother.

The call connected.

A conversation.

It turned out that his younger brother and sister, who enjoyed the gaming capsule, had finally reached Level 10 after arduously leveling up. They had walked out of the beginner village and entered the main city. They were here to cozy up to him!

Qin Sheng had not told them his ID last time. He had only asked for their IDs and said that he had come to add them as friends. However, he had forgotten about it because he was busy with his third-promotion mission.

Helpless.

His younger siblings could not find anyone in the game world, so they could only use their cell phones to shake people in reality.

"Alright, I'll add you guys as friends immediately. Wait for me!"

After Qin Luo responded, he hung up the call and lay down in the gaming capsule.

Enter the game!

Ding… Do you want to add the player Frost Snow Blossom as a friend? '

Ding… Do you want me to be your friend?

Sunlight City! Earthlight City!

Revival point!

A young girl! A young man!

Suddenly, he received a notification from the system.

"Ding! Player Desert Dust wishes to add you as a friend. Do you accept?"