Chapter 858: Underground Affairs (1)

"This… is a little difficult!"

While the others were thinking about how to escape, Qin Luo Sheng was thinking about how to 'take advantage of the situation' and take all the treasures from the Bosses!

Force his way in?

That was impossible!

Even if Qin Sheng was not afraid of revealing his trump card, he could only deal with one Boss under the absolute level suppression. He could only use the Lord of the Stars' bug-level abilities at most.

However, this was a Boss' playground. There were at least hundreds of Bosses of all sizes. What was the use of dealing with one? If they reacted, they could easily kill an uninvited guest like you with a single breath!

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng was not helpless!

Since he could not force his way in, he could only use his wits!

Against so many Gatekeepers, the best way to obtain the treasure they were guarding was to "secretly escape"!

Guard the door and look at the fragrant meat. I'll just sneak in and bring you a basin!

However…

There were over a hundred Bosses here. Not only were they strong, but their levels were also extremely high. Their perceptive abilities were extremely impressive. As a mere Berserker, he was able to rely on the mass concealment skills that he did not need to learn from his job. 100% of him would be discovered!

Besides.

Among the hundreds of Bosses, there were definitely some with especially strong senses. Even if they had strong stealth abilities, they would definitely be discovered!

"Wait for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng gradually came up with a plan based on his own situation. Even if he made a lot of mistakes, it was a gamble. However, given the current situation, there was no better way. He could only try his best. If it didn't work, he could only give up.

He instructed.

Qin Luo took out a return scroll and returned to Star Glory City without waiting for the girls to be dumbfounded.

He went straight to the Luoshen Residence.

This time, Qin Luo did not block out the live broadcast, letting the audiences know of his residence in Star Glory City. In reality, this information had basically been speculated by the big shots long ago. There was nothing to hide. Even if he entered the secret room and revealed the secret, it did not matter.

The residence was protected. Without the owner's invitation, it was impossible to enter. So what if others knew about it?

After getting the item he wanted, Qin Luo Sheng immediately took out the returning scroll from the Imperial City!

They sped along.

Qin Qin Sheng ran to a monster area in the suburbs—the ancient forest!

Just like its name!

Not only did the ancient forest retain its ancient appearance, but most of the monsters inside had also inherited the bloodline of the ancient ferocious beasts. Even though each generation was weaker than the previous, they still relied on their bloodline inheritance to display their might!

The starting point of this place was very low. It was only level 50. It was the minimum to enter the Imperial City area, but the upper limit was very high. The core area might be full level 100 monsters!

Qin Qin had his reasons for coming here!

Level 58 mobs—Glazed Eagle!

It was called Ruyi!

Like a glazed eagle!

Special: Fast and stealthy!

It was not a big problem for a Level 58 monster to not surpass Qin Luo's level of 10!

It took Qin Luo Sheng more than two hours to clear up the territories of the Glazed Eagle and reach the Glazed Eagle King!

After inheriting the bloodline of the ancient beast ancestors, even though the bloodline was extremely mixed after countless generations, it was still not something ordinary wild beasts could compare to!

Except.

Compared to Qin Sheng, this beast, the Glazed Eagle King, who was merely an ordinary Epic BOSS, was nothing!

With the enhancement of his skills, Qin Luo's firepower was fully unleashed. In less than a minute, the Glazed Eagle King had entered a state of near-death!

"Ghost Face Enslavement!"

The legendary mask [Ghost Face] on his face let out sinister laughter as if an evil spirit had awakened. Under Qin Sheng's control, a mask formed from energy suddenly flew out and enveloped the face of the Glazed Eagle King, who had been beaten into submission and was powerless to resist!

Ding… enslavement successful!

NICE!

Qin Luo Sheng snapped his fingers excitedly!

Initially, it was just an attempt. He did not expect the first step of the plan to go so smoothly!

Awesome!

"Time is of the essence, let's move!"

Although the effects of ghost face enslavement were very strong, it could only last for five minutes. Qin Sheng had no choice but to hold on!

"Spatial Jump!"

With a sway of his body, Qin Sheng returned to the entrance of the valley where he had just left!

"It's going to be very dangerous now. You'd better not stay here!"

Qin Sheng was instantly rendered speechless when he saw that the nine girls who had been guarding the place had yet to leave.

If he remembered correctly, he had already asked them to leave!

What happened next.

Regardless of whether his plan succeeded or not, it was not something that Sanguine Primrose and the other girls could interfere in!

Even he himself would die if he was not careful!

"Don't worry, we will take care of ourselves!"

Mu Mu looked unconvinced.

When had Little Chili ever given in?

The more Qin Qin Sheng said this, the more she wanted to stay here!

"Sure! Do whatever you want!"

He had already said it twice. Qin Sheng would not repeat it a third time. "When you die, don't blame me!"

If it was a normal situation, they would die. If it was a level and not a red name, one to three pieces of equipment would not matter to these rich ladies.

Still.

The situation was different now.

They were considered 'stowaways'. Before reaching the minimum requirement of LV50 to enter the Imperial City area, they had relied on Qin Sheng's teleportation runes to come here. Once they died, they would be reverted to their original form and resurrected in the nine main cities!

As such,

He had spent a lot of money to obtain the right to sneak in, and now he had lost it!

This was the end of their expedition!

"Let's go!"

Sanguine Primrose wasn't like Mumu, who was in charge of the Primrose Militia. In reality, she was also a domineering female guild leader who judged the situation and accurately judged the situation. She didn't even need to calculate the gains and losses, she just needed to think about it and she would know what to do.

The Primrose Militia left with Sanguine Primrose!

Even though it was a dangerous Wasteland of Death outside and they were unable to use the scrolls, they could only walk. However, the six of them were all elites. If they worked together, as long as they did not encounter a Boss that was too strong, they could completely hold on!

"Mumu, let's go!"

Qing Si said quietly.

She was not afraid of death. However, she also understood that staying here would not only not help, but would instead become a burden.

"…Oh!"

Mu Mutian was not afraid of anything, but she still listened to Qing Si. Seeing Qing Si's serious expression, she pouted and agreed weakly!

"Handsome, let's meet again when you're free!"

On the side, Dazzling Dazzling Fire winked. Before leaving, he didn't forget to flirt!

He watched the nine girls leave.

Qin Luo was as holy as a Buddha, and there was not the slightest bit of lust in his heart. He turned around and looked at the densely packed bosses in the valley with glowing eyes!

"The show is starting!"

Qin Sheng glanced at the Glazed Eagle King that was gently flapping its wings above his head. His hand moved slightly and he took out a broken lamp that was emitting a faint yellow glow from his backpack!

"Soul… Summon!"

——————

Author’s Note: [Ghost Face Enslavement] has been depleted. It has been split into a ghost mask and is worn on the target’s face. It can be controlled and used by you. Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!