Chapter 859: Underground Affairs (2)

"Soul… Summon!"

A gloomy light shone over like the other side of the Yellow Springs.

A huge door to the Netherworld opened!

In an instant.

Countless spirit souls borrowed the gates of the Netherworld to revive from hell!

These.

They were all the souls of the big and small bosses that Qin Sheng had killed before!

Among them.

Other than the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon Lively who had dropped the Soul Guiding Lamp, he had left his power behind after he had been redeemed. That was why he was at his peak.

As for the other Bosses, their abilities were only one-tenth of what they were when they were alive. This was because they had been forcefully enslaved by Qin Sheng's willpower and the ability of the [Soul Guiding Lamp]. They had not submitted to Qin Sheng's sincerity. Naturally, they could not be in their peak state!

"Soul of Glory!"

The Medal of Honor on his chest shone brightly as a burly figure suddenly flew out from within and landed in front of Qin Sheng.

The right-hand man of the Mercenary King was known as the Berserker's Astral Slash. Class—Berserker!

At this moment, Qin Luo had already reached Rank 50 of Rank 3, so the astral slash summoned by him was even stronger. In addition, he had gone to the temple that had been built to consecrate these heroes and obtained a certain connection with the Medal of Honor, causing the astral slash's soul to become more corporeal, no longer as ethereal as before!

"Dragon Lord Summon!"

Then…

[Dragon God Command]!

He did not use any special bug-level abilities. It was a very special summoning. Therefore, the summoned dragon was also a dragon of the same level as Qin Sheng. However, due to the summoning formula and Qin Sheng's will, this dragon was a clam dragon and its strength had reached the Epic level!

"Greetings, Lord Dragon Lord!"

The Clam Dragon was not like the mindless enslavement of the soul and consciousness of the Astral Slash that had yet to awaken. With his willpower, he obeyed the aura of the Dragon God's Imperial Decree and was summoned by Qin Sheng. In the face of this ruthless person who could even slaughter the Dragon King, he naturally did not dare to be impudent and greeted him immediately!

"Do you see the monsters inside?"

Time was tight, and Qin Sheng could not afford to delay any further. He went straight to the main topic, ignoring the shocked expression of the Sea Serpent. He pointed at the group of terrifying Bosses in the valley and said, "Your mission is to join them and attract the attention of those monsters!"

"This…"

The Sea Serpent almost blurted out. He was now doubting whether it was the right choice to follow the summons. What the hell was this place? There were so many terrifying experts, and they were all from various races. All of them were mutated beasts and powerful existences with secret inheritances.

Although the Dragon race was extremely arrogant, they were not fools!

If it was a senior from the Dragon race, it would not matter.

However, he was just a small dragon, a small dragon that had yet to mature. F*ck, he couldn't even defeat any of the existences inside. If he were to enter, wouldn't he be torn into pieces instantly?

"Could it be that Lord Dragon Lord summoned me to send me to my death?"

The Sea Serpent couldn't help but wonder.

It was not that he wanted to speculate, but he could not find any other excuse other than this!

"You're a Clam Dragon. Illusion is your forte!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care what the Sea Serpent was thinking and said, "Those guys inside are all very strong, but most of them should not have the ability to defend against illusions or have very low resistance to them. Your mission is to use your own illusions as much as possible to deal with them! If you can hypnotize them, hypnotize them. Of course, it's best if you can bring them into a berserk state, especially those that cannot differentiate between friend and foe!"

"I can't do that!"

The Sea Serpent said with a bitter smile, "Lord Dragon Lord, you think too highly of me. If my family's patriarch came, perhaps there might still be a chance to do it, but with my cultivation level, it's really too difficult to use illusions to confuse these mutated beast experts! Even ordinary illusions might not be effective, let alone hypnosis!"

"Don't worry, I'll help you!" Qin Luo said. "Feel this power properly. Use it and use your ability! -- Also, if you encounter any danger, contact the summon immediately and return to the Dragon Island!"

With that,

Without waiting for the Sea Serpent's reply, Qin Luo ordered the Glazed Eagle King to advance and fly high in the sky to attract the attention of a group of bosses!

Then…

He had a group of enslaved souls enter the valley, led by Devilish Face Livelywell and Crazy Slash to disrupt the operation!

Finally.

He then turned his gaze toward the Sea Serpent.

"Begin! Activate your illusion ability!" Qin Luo narrowed his eyes and activated the Lord of Stars ability. "Star Light Blessing, activate!"

"This… this is?"

After receiving the Starlight Blessing, the Sea Serpent felt as if it had been enhanced to a level it had never experienced before. It was instantly flabbergasted, and its eyes widened in disbelief!

"Time to work!"

Qin Luo Sheng shouted loudly and the Sea Serpent hurriedly came back to its senses. Suppressing the shock in its heart, it began to silently cast its illusion ability. At the same time, its brain worked rapidly as it carefully recorded this moment of feeling and began to comprehend it on the spot!

"Very good!"

Qin Sheng smiled in satisfaction as he watched the mess caused by the Glazed Eagle King and the impact of the numerous enslaved souls. The originally peaceful and balanced valley was instantly thrown into chaos by Luan City.

"I'm taking advantage of the situation now!"

The augmentation skill was unleashed crazily!

At this critical juncture, Qin Sheng was not stingy at all.

Especially the speed enhancement skill, he had used up every single one of them and squeezed them dry. Not a single drop was left!

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Concealment]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Concealment]!"

"Choose [Concealment]—Concealment ability!"

"Successful choice. Concealment ability upgraded to the Great Perfection Stage!"

This was not the end.

"Light of the Brave!"

“Enhanced skill [Concealment]!”

Firstly, it would be sublimated to the pinnacle of perfection. Then, it would be doubled by the Light of the Brave!

At this moment, [Concealment] was no longer a common stealth skill. Instead, it had become even stronger than the Shadow Warrior's [Concealment] skill!

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng activated the brand new 【 Concealment 】, and his body rippled like a ripple before disappearing on the spot.

Not only was his body invisible to the naked eye, but his senses were also hard to detect. Even his scent, the sounds he made when he moved, his sense of existence, and so on were reduced to a level where they could not be detected!

There was nothing to hide!

"Go ahead and fight. Don't stand on ceremony. I'll gladly accept the treasures in the valley!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the BOSSES who had already started fighting. He quietly groped his way in and started shuttling through Wan Jun. He headed towards the depths of the valley at an extremely fast speed. It was as if there was something that was attracting him and he was running rapidly!

————

PS1: [Light of the Brave] has been used up. After activating it, infuse the Brave's Glory into the chosen equipment or skill and unleash double the effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS2: [Concealment] consumes 100 Mana Points and successfully enters Concealment state, deceiving the enemy's line of sight. In Concealment state, speed will decrease by 80%. Attack, touch, or initiate attack, reveal your figure! Duration: 3 minutes. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS3: [Soul of Glory] has been used up. After activating it, you can summon the Hero Soul Imprint recorded in the mercenary king's medal to fight for you. Every time you summon a random expert, the battle time will be up to 10 minutes! Cooldown time: 24 hours!

PS4: [Summoning of the Dragon Lord] has been used up. You can summon a dragon to fight for you (Summoning Formula: Current Class Advancement + 1, Current Strength + 1). Maximum duration: 10 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS5: [Soul Summoning] has no energy consumption. Passive: Can collect souls and store them to nurture souls. Active: Summon the souls in the Soul Guiding Lamp to fight for you. Maximum duration: 10 minutes! Cooldown for the same soul summon: 24 hours!