Chapter 857: Boss' Paradise

"This is strange. Where did this valley come from? According to the information and map given by Prefecture Magistrate Wu, I shouldn't have taken the wrong path! The original cave has disappeared, but a valley suddenly appeared along the way?"

Qin Luo Sheng used his Heavenly Eye to scan the surroundings. After confirming that it was not an illusionary formation or a mirage, his suspicions were immediately raised to the maximum!

Eh?

What was that?

When he stepped into the valley, even if his foot landed on the path leading to the valley, Qin Sheng had also seen a miraculous sight!

A tree!

A tree that was like a flame as a leaf!

The branches and leaves were lush and tall.

The strange thing was that such a tall and flourishing tree, as long as one’s eyes were not blind, not to mention several thousand meters, even tens of thousands of meters would be able to see its existence!

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng stood outside the valley. Other than the valley itself, he could not see anything else.

And once he stepped into the range of the valley, he immediately saw it!

"Something's wrong!"

Qin Luo's wariness was raised yet again.

"What is this place?"

They advanced.

Qin Luo became more curious.

This narrow road could be described as a trail, but that was only in comparison to the entire valley. To an ordinary human like Qin Sheng, it was simply wide enough to accommodate four cars driving side by side.

"Come in!"

After checking for a while and confirming that there shouldn't be any danger, Qin Sheng called his teammates on the team channel.

"Wow, what tree is that?"

The liveliest Mu Mu immediately let out a gasp of surprise.

"Wu Tong!"

It was rare for the black hair to not be silent. Its cold expression suddenly became slightly complicated as it softly spat out two words.

"Parasol Tree?"

When everyone heard that, they were stunned. "Is this a parasol tree? It doesn't look like it!"

Wutong!

Who hasn't seen it before?

Even if he had not seen it with his own eyes, he had seen pictures of it on the Internet!

Yet.

Even the pictures of the Chinese parasol trees on the Internet were not on the same level as what he was seeing.

I couldn’t describe the feeling.

Just like a pheasant and a phoenix!

"Wu Tong?"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, his eyes filled with shock.

This was a fantasy world, it couldn't be judged by common sense!

And the most famous legend related to the Wutong was naturally the Phoenix!

Since ancient times, there was a saying that a phoenix would not fall without a treasure.

As for the phoenix, it loved the parasol tree alone!

A place with sycamore wood might not have a phoenix.

But where there was a phoenix, there must be a parasol tree!

“Could it be?”

Qin Qin Sheng's heart started beating violently.

Phoenix!

That was a divine beast that was like a dragon and had the Huaxia Supremacy totem. Furthermore, it was an auspicious beast!

"Xiaoxiao, Xiaoxiao,…"

Qin Luo hurriedly called out.

Ever since Xiaoxiao had entered the mature stage (upgraded to Level 50), her strength had greatly increased, especially after she had awakened a few innate divine abilities. She was extremely fierce!

This kind of detection skill was born out of a wild beast's instinct, but because it was a true dragon, it was much more advanced than a wild beast's instinct. The detection range was much further and more accurate.

“Stop shouting, there is a powerful aura that is extremely divine. I don’t know if it is a phoenix, but it is definitely on the same level as me!”

Qin Luo was overjoyed when he heard her cold voice.

There was no difference.

It must be Phoenix!

Parasol Tree. The fire element was extremely active. The holy aura was on the same level as Xiaoxiao.

This is not a freaking Phoenix washing my hair upside down!

He quickened his pace!

Upon learning that it was the Phoenix, not only was Qin Sheng not afraid, he was excited instead.

A divine beast like the phoenix might be able to kill him with a single breath, but the greater the threat, the greater the opportunity. How could he miss this chance?

Even if this trip was not a good thing, what if it was a good thing? No matter how small the probability was, he had to take a gamble!

"Don't… don't come over!"

When Qin Luo finished his sprinting in high spirits and officially stepped into the valley, his entire body froze before his foot even landed, as if he had been immobilized!

“What is it?”

The group of girls following behind looked confused.

"Don't, don't go over there. There are so many monsters and Bosses inside!"

Qin Luo followed Qin Sheng and watched the livestream. Mu Mu, who had always been fearless, started trembling at this moment. "You guys… watch it yourselves!"

Qing Si, Sanguine Primrose and the other girls hurriedly turned on Qin Luo's live broadcast!

into view.

Terrifying!

He saw…

The spacious valley was filled with people!

‘ By what?’

Monster!

Boss-type monsters!

There were all kinds!

Various races!

There was everything!

It was a giant five-story scorpion that was even more terrifying than the Death Scorpion. It was a ten-meter-tall Undead Worm with a small bump on its head. It was the Snake King that was about to transform into a dragon. It had three heads and each head had different elemental powers. It had a pair of wings on its back and a pair of fiery red tusks on its body. It was pitch black and its body was riddled with holes. It looked like a lizard with poisonous boils.

Here!

It was like a BOSS paradise!

Qin Qin Sheng almost peed on the spot!

What the hell kind of place did I enter?

Fortunately.

This group of Bosses seemed to have focused their attention on their surroundings, vigilant of the existence of other races. Moreover, their eyes would occasionally look towards the depths of the valley. They did not notice the entrance of the valley, but did not observe Qin Sheng's arrival.

Heavenly Eye, open!

Qin Luo carefully retracted his right foot that had been lifted out. Quietly, he quietly aimed at the monster that was closer to him and activated his Heavenly Eye!

Ten Thousand Years Poisonous Scorpion, Level 80 Ancient BOSS!

Three-Eyed Toad, Level 81 Epic Boss!

Mutation Undying Insect, Level 85 Epic Boss!

Glazed Snake Emperor, Level 82 Epic Boss!

Three Magic Lions, Level 84 Legendary Boss!

Poison Lizard Emperor, Level 85 Legendary Boss!

Flying Fire Tiger King, Level 85 Legendary BSOS!

…

That's right.

A Boss!

Moreover, all of them were level 80 Fourth Stage Professionals. All of them were super powerful bosses at the Epic stage!

This time.

Qin Luo was not the only one stunned. The netizens in the broadcast room were also stunned!

Through Qin Luo's first-person view of the retina, he looked at the Bosses detected by the Heavenly Eye. Even though the difference in levels was too huge, he could only see their names and grades. The rest were all question marks, but it was enough!

It was a Boss that surpassed level 30!

Any one of them could easily sweep away Qin Sheng's group of ten!

Not to mention the nine supporting girls, even Qin Luo, the number one fateful person, would not be able to withstand it!

It was not a matter of strength or weakness.

It was suppression!

A terrifying level suppression!

Any attack that exceeded 10 levels was basically unable to hit!

After reaching level 30, this attack would be 100% impossible to hit!

Unless it was a special skill, there was still hope if it could hit 100%!

Unfortunately.

Even with this special technique, under the absolute rank suppression, the damage would definitely be reduced to a miserable state!

"With so many Bosses guarding the valley, there must be a precious treasure!"

Qin Luo gripped his head and racked his brains for a countermeasure. "What do I have to do in order to get a share of the loot and even monopolize it?"