Chapter 856: The Mysterious Valley That Suddenly Appeared

"Be careful, this guy is a Level 55 Gold Boss!"

Qin Luo's Heaven's Eyes immediately saw through the three-story-tall giant scorpion's attributes.

This attribute.

At the very least, it was comparable to a dungeon BOSS in Nightmare Mode!

As expected of the Wasteland of Death.

It was indeed worthy of being called a dangerous place.

The monsters here were already so impressive just from the periphery!

You have to know.

The Nightmare Difficulty Instance Dungeon, compared to the Normal Difficulty Instance Dungeon, had been strengthened!

In other words.

The monsters in the Wasteland of Death were twice as strong as the monsters in the outside world!

This 100% increase in all aspects was really terrifying!

After all.

This was not an augmentation of a certain monster or a certain race, but all existences in the Wasteland of Death!

"Do as you wish!"

Previously, the monsters they encountered were all lecherous. Even if it was a BOSS, it was just a normal small BOSS. Now, the size of this Death Poison Scorpion was enough to scare countless people.

Girls were naturally afraid of snakes, insects, rats, and ants. Qin Sheng expressed his understanding.

So.

He immediately rushed forward!

Since it was a live broadcast, it was not appropriate to reveal his trump card.

However, the videos that were published previously had already revealed a lot of information. With regards to this, it was impossible to hide it even if he wanted to!

A flash of light.

Qin Luo, who had been augmented with many augmentation skills, unfolded his Wings of the Rain Dragon. Relying on the "Hunting Tiger" to forcefully stun, he landed on the back of the Death Poisonous Scorpion with incomparable precision. Then, the Sacred Dragon Sword slashed down heavily at its neck.

Qin Sheng did not want to waste too much time on such a small BOSS. He also did not want to engage in a fierce battle with it. Otherwise, in his panic, he might make a mistake and reveal more of his trump cards.

Hence.

He had added a special ability—Blood Boiling!

This bug-level skill that could control blood was truly terrifying!

Five seconds of dizziness.

Qin Luo Sheng slashed out nearly thirty times!

A tyrannical attack, coupled with the divine flames carried by the holy flames, this was not a natural fire element, but it was also a ‘flame’. Coincidentally, it was the weakness of the Death Poisonous Scorpion that was afraid of fire!

He easily broke through the Death Poison Scorpion's defense and slashed its neck until it was riddled with wounds and blood flowed!

The cumbersome pincers attacked ferociously, tearing. These were the two great abilities of the Death Poisonous Scorpion, but because Qin Sheng was on its back, he could not use them at all, because he could not attack!

The only sure-kill technique—Death Tail Needle!

This skill works!

Qin Luo Sheng's back was facing him. He was practically delivering himself to the door!

Unfortunately.

Qin Sheng, who had long since been cautious and incomparably agile, how could he possibly be so foolish as to not be on guard when he knew that the Death Scorpion had the ability to kill?

With Shadow Escape and the ability to teleport, he easily dodged the ultimate move of the Death Poison Scorpion!

Then…

The Blood Boiling ability erupted!

Under Qin Luo's control, the sword wound on his neck that was bleeding profusely burst open. The poisonous green blood of the Death Scorpion seemed to be pulled by some sort of suction force, spurting out like a fountain!

-100,000!

-100,000!

-100,000!

…

One hundred thousand damage per second was shocking.

Before long.

The Death Poisonous Scorpion's blood was drained. When it had one million health points left, it was judged to be dead because there was no blood in its body. It was as if it had triggered Instakill, and it died immediately!

Six golden lights flashed!

With the rich experience from the Level 55 Gold Boss, six people in the team had leveled up!

The spoils of war were distributed!

Qin Luo Sheng swept his gaze across the room. There was nothing he needed, so he gave up everything!

A group of chicks were happily collecting their ROL equipment, while Qin Sheng was minding his own business as he went over to collect them!

Giant pincers, poison needles, poison sacs, poison teeth…

A huge pile of materials entered his backpack!

Compared to equipment!

This was what Qin Sheng valued!

Continue forward!

With the map, Qin Sheng was not afraid of taking the wrong path!

The Death Scorpion, the Desert Marching Ant, the Undying Worm of the Huo Clan, the Rattlesnake King…

All kinds of BOSSes appeared!

As expected of the Wasteland of Death, where magical beasts roamed everywhere. It was simply terrifying!

Unfortunately.

The expedition team this time was led by Qin Sheng!

To others, this was a dangerous restricted area, a place where death was almost certain. But to Qin Sheng, this was a completely natural treasure trove. There were many Bosses, and they were all "virgins". After killing them, the first kill rate was simply explosive!

"Oh? There's a valley there!"

All along the way, he was unstoppable.

This was the first time the audience had seen such a magnificent battle!

That's right.

It was gorgeous!

Don't look at Weeping Soul's battles. They basically lasted for less than three minutes. Moreover, the way they fought was wide open and focused on normal attacks. There were very few fancy skills. Even the ones that he had seen in the videos had never been used!

Even so.

Qin Luo Sheng's battle was indeed pleasing to the eye!

‘ Of course.’

This "pleasing to the eye" referred to damage. Every time the six-digit or even seven-digit damage number floated up from the explosion, even if they were used to it, it still made many players dumbfounded.

This…

This was too overbearing!

Normal players would still have to rack their brains to deal a five-digit damage in one hit. At most, they would only be able to deal damage from low-level monsters with weak defense and a level difference of more than 10 levels.

It was impossible for them to be on the same level!

Not to mention the existence of a Boss!

But in Qin Sheng's hands, those incomparably fierce BOSSes were completely like clay that could be kneaded and manipulated at will. The thick, dense blood vessels that would cause one's eyes to go blurry at first glance were like tissue paper. With a slash of his sword, they fell off piece by piece. His mental state was about to explode.

Comparisons were odious!

That was what he was talking about!

Seriously!

In just a few hours, at least 90% of the players in the live-stream were still doubting their own lives and denying it. It was really a huge blow!

Everyone entered the game on the same day. Why are you so f*cking outstanding?

Unfortunately.

No matter how rowdy his fellow swimmers were, they didn't pay any attention to Qin Sheng, who was in the broadcast room. He had no idea.

"Don't act rashly. I'll scout ahead first!"

The valley. There were no markings on the map, nor had the information appeared on it.

Even though he did not know the terrain, the entrance to the Skyline was very narrow. It was a good place to ambush!

There were high walls on both sides. Once they entered, they would either advance or retreat. There was no third option.

‘ Of course.’

If you have the ability to soar into the sky or burrow into the ground, then it doesn't matter.

Qin Sheng did not know how to escape the ground.

Flying in the sky, with the Wings of the Rain-Dragon, was not bad.

Or worse.

Qin Luo Sheng still had all sorts of life-saving skills and evasion skills. Even if he was ambushed, as long as he did not set up all sorts of restrictive formations like the dragon race, there was nothing he could do.

Except.

The girls behind were different.

Although Qin Luo had never seen their true capabilities and did not know what trump cards they had, he, who had a bit of male chauvinism, would never let a girl take the risk, especially when he was in his own team and was currently doing a live broadcast.

If the mighty Weeping Soul Beast and its sister were to fall, it would undoubtedly be a huge blow to Weeping Soul Beast's reputation!

There were many people with ulterior motives on the internet waiting for his dirt!