Chapter 855: The Chosen One, The Birth Of The Carp (3)

Time.

Slowly!

Night fell.

The people who had been busy the entire day finally let go of their burdens. They gathered delicious food at a fixed location and surrounded the bonfire, singing and dancing, sharing their joy!

At a corner.

The place that was just filled with children was now left with Xu Meng alone. Under the night sky, it looked lonely and desolate.

Yet.

The truth was the complete opposite!

Xu Meng's head was dizzy and she was completely at a loss. Her face was full of confusion and she looked as if she was doubting life. It was really funny!

Except.

No one in the broadcast room laughed.

Instead, they were filled with jealousy, ridicule, condemnation, and tears!

On the bullet screen.

He had gone mad!

"Am I dreaming?"

For a long time.

Xu Meng said slowly.

His words were like a bomb going off. Not only were there comments, but his communicator was also beeping non-stop!

Why?

Nothing else.

It was caused by the pair of "junk" in front of Xu Meng!

That's right.

It was just junk.

Slingshot, wooden sword, broken ball, glass beads, miniature cards, serial paintings…

They were all children's belongings!

However—

[Slingshot]

Type: Weapon

Grade:???

Effect: Break Defense, Instant Kill

Introduction: Attack a target. If successful, there is a 50% chance of breaking 50% of the target's physical defense and magic defense. If the target is a bird, the 50% chance will be raised to 100%. If the target is the head, there is a 10% chance of instant kill, while the bird will be instantly killed by 30%! (Extremely ineffective against Legendary Bosses)

[mahogany sword]

Type: Weapon

Grade:???

Effect: exorcism, slaying ghosts

Introduction: Special effects on ghost-type targets. 100% suppress 80% of all attributes. 50% chance of instant kill! (Reduces effect on Epic, halved Legendary effect, halved Mythical effect, halved again.)

[Glass Bead]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect: Visualization

Introduction: A special bead, like a kaleidoscope. Looking at it with a single eye may be a surprise.

[Breaking ball]

Type: Weapon

Grade:???

Effect: Explosion

Introduction: Special weapon Lei Zhenzi. After successful activation, it can cause a destructive explosion within a 100x1 radius. The damage is extremely terrifying.

[Little Human Card]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect: Summon

Introduction: There seems to be a record of a certain deity on it. If you can activate it successfully, you can summon its spirit and fight for you.

[Chain painting]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect: Understanding

Introduction: It looks like an ordinary chain painting, but it comes from a certain Holy Land. It contains special Dao rune laws. If you comprehend it carefully, you might be able to awaken some kind of cultivation technique.

It was simply explosive!

Everyone in the live streaming channel was going crazy!

Damn, there was actually such a ridiculous thing?

Who could withstand this!

These toys might look ordinary, but they were in fact children's toys. However, their owners were ridiculous!

This small Sealed Mountain Fortress was truly filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons!

As expected of the frontline of the forbidden land, the Wasteland of Death.

MLGBD!

Even the toys given to children were so overbearing!

"The Supreme Emperor Weeping Soul Knight rode the five-clawed golden dragon into the livestream room!"

"Supreme Emperor Weeping Soul sends out the spaceship * 1!"

"Supreme Emperor Weeping Soul sends out the spaceship * 2!"

"…"

"Supreme Emperor Weeping Soul sends the spaceship * 100!"

Instantly.

As a certain someone entered the livestream room and consecutively gifted 100 spaceships worth 10,000 RMB, the entire livestream room erupted.

Countless people were commenting on the bullet screen, and many rich people were also sending gifts.

Nothing else.

Because the person who came in was a god!

In an instant.

The netizens who had come with the gifts, as well as the netizens who had come from Weeping Soul Grounds, had pushed the popularity of this live-stream, which was only 10 million, to nearly 400 million!

"Weeping… Weeping Soul… Boss!"

Xiao Meng felt dizzy again.

However…

This time, he wasn't knocked out by those strange and tyrannical props. Instead, he was knocked out by the happiness of his idol "flipping the sign".

"You're not bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng sent out a bullet screen with his glittering ID.

"If you need anything, you can look for me!"

Before the crowd could react, Qin Sheng sent another comment and exited the livestream room.

At the same time.

Xu Meng, who was in the game, received a friend request—

Ding… Player Weeping Souls wants to add you as a friend. Do you agree? '

"Agreed!"

Xu Meng stammered as she hurriedly replied. Her hands were trembling and she almost pointed out 'yes' to 'no' and refused to add. This made all her netizens break out in cold sweat as they ridiculed her crazily.

Damn it!

Isn't he too inexperienced?

A friend list was already so outrageous. If they were to meet in person, wouldn't they faint at any moment?

However…

Although he was complaining,

But envy was real envy!

Damn it!

I also f*cking want the Weeping Soul Beast's friend list!

This brat was really f*cking lucky!

First, he obtained the teleportation runes of the Sealing Ridge Fortress. Then, he obtained the gifts of the 'children'. Finally, he was favored by the Weeping Soul Beast…

Urgh!

I'm going to fucking puke!

How could there be such a European King in this world?

Was he the illegitimate son of the Jade Emperor?

THE MYSTERY OF THE STOLEN BOXCAR

Unacceptable!

…

Wasteland of Death!

The focus in Qin Luo's eyes changed, returning to clarity.

"What are you looking at?"

Mu Mu asked curiously.

All the girls cast curious gazes over.

They had witnessed Qin Sheng's performance from the beginning of the expedition until now. This was the first time he had stopped moving and looked distracted. It was obvious that something had happened.

"Nothing much, I just went to do a ward round and got to know a kid with good senses!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a faint smile, his words bold and confident without the slightest bit of awkwardness.

Little kid?

In terms of mental age, he, who had lived two lives, was indeed qualified!

Yet.

Other than him, who else knew?

Others would only look at his real age, which was 19 years old!

Calling a college graduate a kid?

Haha!

Did you drink fake wine?

"Let's continue!"

Qin Sheng did not care about the curiosity in everyone's eyes. He knew that even if he did not say anything, given the capabilities of these women, there might already be someone who had already reported everything to him, especially Sanguine Primrose.

[Death Poison Scorpion (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 55

Health Points: 8,500,000

Mana: 320000

Physical Attack: 100,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 18,000

Speed: 20000

Skills: [Giant Claw Attack] [Ferocious Bite] [Death Needle]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Death Poisonous Scorpion, a poisonous creature born in an extremely dangerous place. Its body is covered with a layer of thick scales, and its defense is extremely high. Its pair of huge pincers can easily snap the prey into pieces, its mouth full of sharp teeth can easily tear the prey apart, and its long, erect tail has a poisonous needle. It is extremely poisonous and will definitely die if struck. It is one of the terrifying predators in the Wasteland of Death.