Chapter 865: Reckless Qin Luo, Little Shapeshifted

"Then, what should I do?"

Qin Luo Sheng was unwilling but also a little afraid.

The moment he saw the blood jade, his mind went blank. It was as if he had lost his mind and wanted to touch it.

This had never happened before!

Ever since he obtained the Medal of Courage, he should have been completely immune to spiritual control. However, it didn't seem to work here!

From this, it could be seen that

The owner of the Blood Jade was at least at the Mythical stage!

"Do you want it?"

As the contractor of Qin Luo, his soul was already connected. How could Little Tiny not know his thoughts? She immediately replied, "Unfortunately, you don't have the ability now!"

Qin Sheng:…

My heart is beating fast!

‘ I know I’m useless, but can you not be so blunt?’

Am I guilty?

I only showed the greed that a normal person should have. What crime did I commit?

"Although I don't know what is sleeping inside, the aura I sensed shouldn't be evil!"

Xiaoxiao said, "It's just that it seems to be giving birth. It's not time yet!"

"When will it be born?" Qin Luo asked eagerly. "Can I wait?"

"Wait?" Xiaoxiao said in a strange tone, "It's not impossible. It's only eight to ten years. At your age, it's not like you can't wait!"

Eight years?

Qin Luo's heart sank!

Damn it.

If I had the time, I would probably be invincible in this world. Why would I need this trash?

"However, that's not necessarily the case!" Without waiting for Qin Luo's heart to turn cold, Little Tiny's words pulled him back to reality. "If there's a rich life source or pure energy crystal, it can greatly reduce her gestation time. After all, she can't be born now because she has insufficient energy and needs to absorb it for a long time!"

"I see!"

Qin Qin immediately understood.

It was the same for humans, not to mention demons. After being pregnant for ten months, the baby would only be born after absorbing enough nutrients from the mother's womb. There was nothing wrong with that!

"Then what should I do?"

Qin Luo Sheng naturally wanted to take the Blood Jade and the existences within it that were comparable to a small existence for himself.

Powerful help.

Who would find it too much?

"Blood drop!” Xiaoxiao pointed at the Blood Jade and said," She has no master now, and it's the best time to have it. Use your blood to warm the sun and let her absorb it. As long as nothing goes wrong, she will acknowledge you as her master from the moment she is born!”

"There's such a good thing?"

Qin Luo was immediately excited.

Initially, he thought that he would need something special or a ritual. He did not expect that it would only require blood!

That was fine!

I'm such a f*cking strong man, why would I be afraid of blood?

"Blood!"

He chanted silently and hung his finger on the blood jade. Blood dripped down.

Buzz…

As the blood fused into the blood jade, the jade patterns that were originally flowing like blood seemed to have been activated and became dense and colorful!

"This…"

At the same time, an enormous suction force was transmitted over. Qin Sheng was caught off guard and immediately bent his body. That broken finger was tightly pressed against the Blood Jade. The blood that was originally dripping out seemed to have been cut open by the finger. Like a whale swallowing a cow, it crazily absorbed the blood in his body and fused into the Blood Jade.

F*ck!

Qin Qin Sheng turned pale with fright.

With his blood, the Blood Jade began to glow as if it had been activated.

The blood jade was full, but the blood it absorbed was his!

What could be more despairing than seeing his own blood being continuously absorbed, feeling his life continuously flowing out from his body, unable to break free, unable to be shaken off, only able to wait for death in endless fear?

"How reckless, I haven't finished speaking!"

Xiaoxiao watched this scene speechlessly. The coiling little dragon twisted its body in the air and under Qin Sheng's incredulous gaze, it transformed into a beautiful girl in white!

"Sigh!"

Sighing faintly, Xiao Xiao waved her small hand and Qin Sheng's backpack opened automatically. The pile of various colored magic nuclei that had come from the 100-odd powerful Bosses instantly floated up. Regardless of their attributes, they disintegrated into the purest form of energy and poured into the Blood Jade.

With the addition of the pure energy, the Blood Jade seemed to have eaten a cow in one go and stuffed 80% full. Finally, it was not devouring Qin Sheng's blood like a whale swallowing a cow!

"What the hell is this?"

Sensing that the suction force was not strong, although he could not pull his finger back and was still being sucked, Qin Sheng had already regained a certain amount of mobility and could speak. He asked in horror. At the same time, looking at the huge transformation, he saw that it had actually transformed into a human form. That absolutely beautiful figure made him extremely moved. "Xiaoxiao, you…"

"Are you an idiot?"

Little Qiao did not care whether Qin Sheng was her contractor or not. They lived and died together, with a pair of small and cute dragon horns on his head. His exquisite face was cold, and the moment he opened his mouth, a fragrance that was like honey spread out. "How dare you move around when you don't know anything. If you didn't have these 100 over monster cores today, you would have been sucked dry!"

Qin Sheng:…

He gasped!

So sinister?

F*ck!

Just this?

It could also be considered as having a calm and peaceful aura?

Could he be any more shameless?

I fed you blood out of goodwill, but you f*cking want to suck me dry?

"Xiaoxiao, how could you?"

Disgusting was one thing, but Qin Sheng was relieved when he knew that nothing had happened. He allowed Blood Jade to continue sucking his blood. He turned to look at Xiaoxiao and asked, "How did you become a human?"

"Humans are blessed by the heavens!"

Xiaoxiao said expressionlessly, "When Great God Nuwa first kneaded the soil to create people, she used herself and many other innate gods as reference. Therefore, the human body is the Dao Body that is closest to the innate gods! Originally, this was nothing much, but after the great battle between the innate gods, the great war between the gods, gods, and devils, and many other great battles, the land shattered and the spirit veins were severed, causing the spirit qi to continuously decrease and disappear! From then on, no matter if it was the innate gods or the Postcelestial lifeforms, cultivation became harder."

"However, humans are different. They have a Connate Dao Body. Their starting point is low, and their progress is fast. Their cultivation speed far exceeds that of other living beings. Other than the weakness of having a short lifespan, there are almost no major flaws. And this flaw can be solved by the rapid reproduction of humans. The absolute advantage in numbers ensures that even if the strong rise quickly and die quickly, there will never be an end to them. Generations after generations will emerge endlessly."

"Therefore, as a result, the human race rose rapidly. Soon, the stronger demons and other races were pushed out and became the rulers of the world and the rulers of all living beings.