Chapter 868: Live Fire Mountain, Rock Monsters

It was impossible to go back!

Qin Luo Sheng was now fighting for every second.

Didn't you see that he had already forgotten about his promise with Sanguine Primrose and hadn't logged off for a few days already?

The girls risked the chance of appearing in front of a powerful BOSS to chase after him. That was impossible!

If it was during normal times, it would not matter. However, they had "smuggled" here, and there was only one related teleportation rune. If they died, they would be sent back to their hometown. Without special return scrolls and teleportation runes, they could only wait obediently until they reached Level 50 before teleporting to the Royal City.

How could this be allowed?

Now that he was farming bandits' lairs, his experience points had skyrocketed and the drop rate was extremely high. Furthermore, there was an additional increase in the number of experience points gained from exploring the wasteland. It could also be considered as a mission issued by the Imperial Court. There were rewards that could be obtained, as well as the accumulation of military achievements that he would not have the chance to obtain normally.

Isn't this fragrant?

Was there a need to chase after the Weeping Soul Beast and gamble with his life and luck?

They were not coming.

This was actually Qin Luo's intention!

The first half of the Wasteland of Death was already so terrifying, let alone the second half!

To the end.

The difference in level was too great!

Currently, the monsters they encountered were all around level 58. After that, there was no limit to level 60 and above!

Even he had to think twice!

Fortunately.

The location of the Recording Point was not far away. Other than the mysterious Boss, which could affect the weather in such a large area, the normal monsters were at most level 65 to 70. Even though it was very difficult to fight them, they were not like the Bosses in the valley who were at least level 80 and 4th Stage. They could not fight back and could only use their wits.

They continued forward!

Qin Luo was in a hurry to complete his mission and find the Boss. Therefore, he would avoid any monsters he encountered on the way. If he couldn't, he would kill them to save time!

Bing Bing ran for nearly two hours before she was less than five kilometers away from the marked location!

They could already see their destination with their naked eyes!

It was a mountain!

It was not tall and desolate. There was a pungent smell of sulfur around it.

This environment and characteristics, Qin Luo's first thought was—

Volcano!

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo narrowed his eyes as he sensed that the air had suddenly become even drier. His breathing seemed to carry a trace of heat and burning sensation. The further he went, the stronger the smell of sulfur became, pungent and unpleasant.

[Rock Monster (Enhanced 1-star Elite)]

Level: 58

Health Points: 30,000,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 100,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 80,000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 10,000

Skills: [Sturdy Rock] [Hardened Skin] [Shields]

Weakness: Water

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary rock. Through the years of soaking in volcanic magma, it was contaminated with some kind of spiritual energy and gradually developed intelligence, turning into a monster.

Before they reached the foot of the mountain, Qin Sheng encountered one giant monster after another along the way. Their bodies were made of stone, and they looked very much like the legendary stone monster, the mountain god stone demon!

"It's just an elite monster that has been strengthened by one star. How can its health and defense be so high?"

The information sent back by the Heavenly Eye stunned Qin Sheng.

Still.

Fortunately, it was still acceptable.

Level 58 was only three levels higher than him. This difference was negligible!

"F*ck, so tough!"

With a slash of his sword, the sharp edge of the sword collided with the rock monster's hardened skin. There was nothing much to be said about the sparks flying. The key was that the rebound force had returned to Qin Sheng's hand. The pain brought along a numbing sensation. It was really not a pleasant feeling.

"This guy is indeed worthy of being a passive defensive skill with two skills. His defense is definitely not like what I detected. A body made of rock, hard skin, this hidden defense definitely exists!"

As an experienced driver, Qin Qin Sheng could tell at a glance that the damage was not right!

Fortunately, the Sacred Dragon Sword had a penetrative effect and could ignore 30% of his Defense. Otherwise, even with the augmentation skill, it would be difficult for Qin Sheng to deal high damage. This fellow was just a simpleton. It would be terrible if he was dragged into the mud!

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, had time to kill and was not afraid of a prolonged battle. The key was that he had agreed, but his hands did not!

With the sharpness of the Sacred Dragon Divine Sword, it was not a problem for him to cut rocks. It was impossible for these stone monsters, who were not even BOSSes, to destroy his sword. He could not even leave a trace.

Except.

There was nothing wrong with his sword, but his hand could not withstand it!

"Sacred Flame!"

After four or five ruthless strikes, Qin Sheng finally couldn't take it anymore. He activated his holy flame and gained the ability to attack from a distance. He used his sword qi to whittle away at it, avoiding direct confrontation!

"Tsk! Looks like I have to find a long-range attack ability as soon as possible. It doesn't matter if it can't be compared to the Sword Aura Rampage, but at least it has to be long-range and avoid direct contact! Otherwise, if I encounter such a situation again, I'll really be disgusted to death!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen with displeasure.

Damn Long Yuan, so what if he died? He dragged me into the water and cursed me!

If there was Sword Aura, would he be so angry?

Sacred Fire was indeed stronger, but the main point was that the cooldown time was not very good. It could not be used as a normal skill to kill small monsters. After all, this was not a One Wave Rush!

Fortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng's attacks were too abnormal. Coupled with the penetrative effect and the innate ability of the Sacred Dragon Sword, [Heavenly Slaughter Absolute], he fought against many rock monsters. His battle state was continuous, causing the effect to be maxed out and increasing his attack power by a whole 500%. He was extremely irritable!

A battle ensued.

Even if Qin Sheng could avoid it, it would still be an hour and a half later when they reached the foot of the mountain!

"Damn, how ruthless!"

After ensuring that there was no danger in the surroundings, Qin Luo Sheng found a relatively clean spot and sat down to rest. His right hand, which had just been "tortured", was especially taken care of. Medicinal pills, talismans, water compress… he took turns!

"Ding… Current region is affected by a special reason, unable to fly!"

Tsk!

Qin Qin Sheng heard the cold prompt of the system again. He almost could not help but raise his middle finger in respect!

He originally thought that there might be some changes at the foot of the mountain, but he never expected that it would still be like this!

"This is going to be a little difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the volcano that was originally not very tall. It was estimated to be only eight hundred meters tall and not even a thousand meters tall. He felt a slight headache.

If he could not fly, it would be difficult to climb the mountain!

"Alas, no matter how difficult it is, we still have to fight!" After resting for a long time, Qin Luo Sheng's injured right hand, which had been rebounded from a long battle, had already recovered. He stood up. "Let's go!"

Even though it was an active volcano with unbearable heat, it was not a land of death!

Even with the existence of the dragon-shaped radar, Xiao-Xiao, to avoid being ambushed by powerful monsters, the monsters of all colors were too bizarre and their abilities were all different. It made Qin Sheng suffer greatly and his steps on the mountain were very slow!