Chapter 867: The Disappearing Valley, Qin Luo Continues Progressing

"Then, what if there is a strong spiritual energy to continue?"

Qin Luo continued asking.

"Still not enough!"

Xiaoxiao shook her head again. "Unless you can find a better Mythical Parasol Tree than this Mythical Parasol Tree, and you must have the heart of the tree, don't even think about it. Besides, even if there really is a better Mythical Parasol Tree, it's better to stay still. Once you move, even if the Blood Jade can survive, it will definitely be affected and its spirituality will be damaged!"

Qin Qin Sheng was finally rendered completely speechless and gave up on the idea!

"Sigh, if I had known earlier, I wouldn't have been so greedy. Isn't it good to sneak in secretly? Now that I've solved their barrier, how am I going to play?"

Qin Sheng covered his head and looked like his head was in pain. "If there were still so many powerful Bosses guarding this place, even if this place was exposed by the live broadcast, I wouldn't have to worry about anyone coming to intercept me. Even if it's a replica of my method of using others to kill, it's not feasible. After all, not everyone has SSS talent! Without the Master of the Stars' BUG-level skills, I wouldn't be able to hide under the eyes of so many Bosses. The Sea Serpent wouldn't be able to cast such a powerful illusion either!"

Forget it!

Leave it to fate!

I just hope.

The Blood Jade could continue to attract powerful Bosses to protect her!

There was nothing Qin Luo could do. He could not stay here and could only retreat!

Yet.

The moment he stepped out of the valley and looked back, the valley seemed to have turned into a bubble and disappeared!

"What… what's going on?"

Qin Qin Sheng was instantly dumbfounded.

If not for his still weak body telling him that he had indeed lost a large amount of blood, he would have almost treated this as a dream!

"Has this place never existed on your map before? Are there no similar records in the official documents you saw?"

Xiaoxiao explained, "This place is a small world that moves randomly. It won't stay in one place for too long. Otherwise, do you really think that the Wasteland of Death can gather so many terrifying mutated beasts? This is attracted from who knows how many places. Moreover, what you've seen is definitely far more than this. The ones left behind are all experts. Those other existences that have been attracted have long fallen in their hands!"

"Then I'm relieved!"

Qin Luo Sheng sensed that the coordinates of the spatial jump were still there and instantly beamed with joy.

This time.

Basically, there was no need to worry about helping others!

That blood jade was bound to be Qin Luo Sheng's!

"Alright, we should get to work now!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the abnormal cave marked on the map and then glanced at the time.

They had been delayed in the valley for nearly ten hours. Now, it was not far from sunrise the next day.

Ignoring the objections and threats from the audience, he decisively blocked the live broadcast.

Then, he crushed the return scroll.

He spent millions of gold coins to purchase a batch of supplies and quickly sent them to the Sealing Ridge Fortress.

Originally, supplies did not need to be so expensive, even if there were hundreds of thousands of people in the castle.

Yet.

Ever since the Exchange System was opened, the buns that were originally based on silver coins, and the clean water that was calculated with copper coins, had all risen in value, becoming gold coins!

He had no choice.

The exchange rate of 1: 1 was cruel!

In reality, if you used one yuan to buy a mantou, two yuan to buy a bun, and one yuan to buy a bottle of mineral water, that would be the lowest price!

‘ What?’

And even lower?

There was no denying it.

Indeed!

But were the quality and texture of these things higher than here?

There were three steamed buns or two steamed buns in here. They could fill up his hunger. As long as he didn't exercise, he could maintain it for a day. Could he do it in real life?

‘ Of course.’

He didn't need that much money to buy only steamed buns, steamed buns, and clean water.

Still.

The various types of meat and snacks that Qin Luo Sheng bought would cost a lot!

Three days ago, even eating a full meal was a luxurious Sealing Ridge Fortress. Even if they exchanged steamed buns for their labor, and they were building their own homes, eating steamed buns until they were full was definitely something they would gladly endure, right?

Why would he provide so many good things?

It was not that Qin Luo was poor!

Other than the fact that he couldn't do this kind of capitalist behavior, he was more concerned about himself.

Indeed.

He could also eat his fill by eating steamed buns.

However, without oil and water, their strength would decrease. The soldiers guarding the city were first-rate, and they worked at the front line. How could the workers who were carrying boulders under the scorching sun come?

So.

If they were given enough meat, oil, strength, physical strength, and spiritual strength, wouldn't the two combine into one?

This way…

Not only did the efficiency increase greatly, but the others also saw that the hard work actually had such delicious food. Under such a disparity, there would definitely be people who worked hard to join and fight for it.

Thus…

A virtuous cycle!

Qin Luo Sheng only needed to pay gold coins to greatly increase people's enthusiasm and work overtime to complete the fortifications. This was also to complete his mission earlier!

Now.

It would cost several million yuan a day, at least seven million yuan. However, the fortification could be completed in three days, four days, or at most one week!

If they were stingy, the efficiency would be reduced!

It would cost one million yuan a day, two million yuan, but it would take half a month or a month to complete!

He didn't know if he would be able to save any money, but he had been delayed for a long time!

How could Qin Sheng, who had already soared to Level 55, tolerate this?

It had already exceeded the minimum requirement of changing classes by five levels. If he still did not settle it, was he waiting for others to snatch the first Rank three system reward?

After delivering the supplies.

Qin Luo took a short break.

Then, he turned on the blocked live stream. He did not care how much popularity he had lost during this period of time. He did not care about this at all. He activated his space jump and returned to the entrance of the valley that had just disappeared!

The valley had been teleported away, and the place they were at now was completely flat without any external objects!

Qin Luo Sheng summoned Bing Bing and Xiaoxiao!

Xiaoxiao did not transform into a human. Instead, she transformed into a mini dragon and leaned on his shoulder. She treated him as a bed and fell asleep.

Qin Luo Sheng did not mind either. He had summoned Xiaoxiao because her spirit was extremely strong. In order to guard against sneak attacks from the hidden assailants, it did not matter whether she slept or not. In any case, as long as there was a powerful existence, Xiaoxiao would naturally be able to sense its aura immediately and warn him!

Riding on Bing Bing, Qin Sheng sped along the way.

Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were currently sleeping, while those who weren't were forming teams. They were currently clearing the dungeon and clearing the bandit lairs. They were having so much fun that they didn't have time to bother with him!

This was exactly what Qin Luo wanted!

These girls did not have a space jump. If he really wanted to bring them along, he could either go back and walk the same path, or they would risk their lives to find him.

That would not do!