Chapter 862: Victory, Qin Luo'S Entrance

"Host, what are you doing? You ran away from such an exciting battle?"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, go back quickly!"

"Boss, I'm kneeling down for you. Go back and watch the battle!"

"F*ck, I took off my pants and you suddenly turned off the screen?"

"…"

Without any hesitation, Qin Luo Sheng turned around and ran out of the valley. The price he had to pay was to leave his combat state. In other words, from now on, no matter how many of the five bosses died, it would have nothing to do with him. He would no longer be able to get a share of the loot!

Also!

The viewers watching the live stream from his first view naturally could not see the terrifying Boss battle royale!

"Go back? What a joke!"

Qin Sheng could not be bothered to respond to his water friends' questions and curses.

Damn it!

Talk is cheap, right?

If they returned now, they would be courting death!

My brain is normal and I'm not sick. Why would I commit suicide for a visual feast?

Was he retarded?

"What a great harvest!"

No matter what Qin Luo did, he ignored everything else and found a safe spot to sit cross-legged and count the spoils of war!

Firstly, his level had directly risen to Level 54. It was so violent that he had risen four levels in a row. It was simply explosive!

Next were the materials. Even the lowest grade was a high-grade material. There were quite a lot of Epic and Legendary materials. Most of the conventional materials such as Spiritual Beast Meat, bones, and fur were put on the virtual trading platform and sent to the Food Immortal and Hidden Dragon Pavilion at the cost of millions of yuan!

Lastly, there were many special items!

You have to know.

There were all kinds of things collected, and they were not just materials.

For example, Qin Sheng had once collected the Fist Emperor Sutra. After learning it, he had activated the secondary profession, the Fist Emperor. He had also activated it with the Mythical equipment, the Abyssal Hands. Even though the fighting form was simple, it was sufficiently reckless and strong. In terms of combat power, it far surpassed ordinary Berserkers!

Three Pet Eggs, seven Skill Books, two Scrolls…

These.

They were all collected.

As expected of a BOSS with a bloodline inheritance, the oil was indeed rich!

A battle between low and high life forms was completely different!

For example, in a battle between normal humans, as long as one had enough strength, perhaps a casual punch could hit a weak point and kill it!

As for high-levelled lifeforms, such as those Bosses with tough skin and thick flesh, not only did they have extremely high defense, they also knew their own life-saving secret skills and were very difficult to kill!

Still.

It was the same for one-on-one battles, but a chaotic battle was different!

Can you defend against one, three or four?

They were not on the same path. Once someone fell into a disadvantageous position, they might immediately be attacked by the other four and get rid of one first.

This way, the tempo of the battle would be very fast!

It didn't matter even if he was driving the tiger to devour the wolf. It didn't matter if he was in an alliance. In any case, Qin Sheng had plenty of time. He could afford to wait. As long as these guys didn't stop fighting, everything would be fine!

The battle was earth-shattering!

Even though he could not see it, the sounds from inside, the degree of energy explosion, and the violent tremors under his feet all showed how intense the battle in the valley was!

One hour!

Two hours!

…

Five hours!

Qin Luo Sheng stood at the entrance of the valley like a wooden stake. After waiting for a full five hours, he finally heard a sudden cry from within the valley!

"Who died?"

Instantly.

Qin Luo was invigorated!

After waiting for so long, was it finally coming to an end?

Roar!

Shriek ~

Not long after.

Two more wails sounded.

At this moment.

The commotion in the valley had become extremely small.

Qin Luo was emboldened this time as he carefully groped his way forward.

He entered the valley again!

What greeted his eyes was a scene of devastation!

Of the five Bosses in the final battle, only the three-headed lion and the Sky Tiger were left!

The most exciting thing was…

A battle between lions and tigers!

Still.

After going through so many battles, especially the battle with the other three BOSSes, the three-headed lion and the Sky Tiger were on the verge of death.

The head of the three-headed lion was missing by one and a half. One head was gone, and the other was half eaten. There were still traces of corrosion from the venom on the wound!

The flying tiger was not much better. The wings under its ribs were broken, and its originally smooth and beautiful fur was now in tatters. There were many wounds on its body, and fresh blood was flowing. The largest one was still at its abdomen, so deep that bones could be seen. From the looks of it, it was probably done by the Earth Dragon!

As mutated beasts, the battle between the three-headed lion and the tiger should have been earth-shattering. But now, they were fighting like ordinary wild beasts, the most primitive form of fighting!

"Is he already so exhausted?"

Qin Luo Sheng would never suspect that the two BOSSes were trash. The only reason why he was behaving in such an unsightly manner right now was because he had exerted all his strength in the five-hour long chaotic battle earlier. That was why he had stopped now!

Blood spurted out and flesh was torn apart!

It was the most primitive way of fighting, but it was also the best way to arouse the desire to kill and violence in one's heart!

How brutal was the battle between mutant beasts?

Qin Sheng, who was so far away, was almost splashed by the blood dancing in the air!

Fortunately.

The situation did not last long!

In the end, it was still the flying tiger that had the upper hand. It bit down on the last head of the three-headed lion with its fatal throat. Its sharp teeth pierced deep into the three-headed lion's throat. It ignored its struggles and refused to let go. The scarlet blood left its mouth and dyed the flying tiger's fur red!

The three-headed lion was dead!

He died under the fatal blow of the flying tiger!

"Roar…"

A deep and majestic roar of victory came from the tiger’s mouth.

Among the hundreds of beasts in the valley, he was the only victor!

This was the cheer of a victor!

It was also a declaration of the winner's territory!

"It's my turn now!"

Qin Sheng strode forward without even glancing at the corpses of the Bosses as he looked at the soaring tiger that was still maintaining its kingly demeanor despite its severe injuries.

"So there really are uninvited guests!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's figure, the Soaring Tiger's body trembled before returning to normal. A deep voice filled the entire valley!

"What a wonderful show!"

Qin Luo Sheng stopped when he was a hundred meters away from the Soaring Tiger. He did not dare to get any closer. Although the Soaring Tiger looked like it could not even stand properly and was covered in injuries, breathing more and breathing less, according to common sense, it was basically waiting for death. However, Qin Luo could not guarantee that this fellow was pretending. Since he had already waited for five hours, he did not care about this short while!