Chapter 861: Final Battle

"Ding, you have leveled up. Current level: Level 51, Health + 200, Mana + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10. You have received 60 free attribute points!"

A golden light flashed.

The EXP bar that required more than 100 million experience points was Qin Luo's. He lay there and allowed the EXP bar to expand to its maximum, then directly leveled up!

'Ding… Collected successfully. You have received…

They could not get involved in the battle!

However, Qin Sheng would not let go of such a trivial matter like cleaning up the battlefield!

These fellows weren’t simple people. Their strengths were extraordinary, and the most important thing was their identities. Every single one of them had great reputations, and if they weren’t ancient variant beasts, then they were transformed from mutations. In short, all of them were abnormal. They either possessed monstrous backgrounds and possessed formidable inheritances, or they were filled with fortuitous encounters and had devoured spirit herbs and flowers to evolve.

Qin Luo's equipment was gone, but this corpse could not be let off!

Spiritual beast meat, Lin Clan, fur, bones, internal organs, beast cores…

When a man goes too far, he leaves his skin behind. When a goose goes too far, he leaves his feathers behind!

Qin Luo Sheng did not miss a single thing. Wherever he passed by, it was as if locusts were passing by, with not a single drop remaining!

‘ What?’

No way!

What a joke.

After so many lessons, how could Qin Sheng be stumped by such a small difficulty?

He immediately opened the Virtual Exchange Platform and placed all the items on it. He specified an ID to purchase!

That ID was naturally the person in charge of operating Food Immortal and Hidden Dragon Pavilion!

Even if the virtual exchange platform was sold, there would be a considerable tax. But how could this small amount of money compare to these materials?

Putting aside the other refining materials, just the spirit beast meat that contained powerful spiritual strength was enough to be cooked by the head chef of an immortal family. If he sold it, the price of one serving would probably be enough to earn back all the taxes he had lost today!

"F*ck, what kind of godly place is this?"

"Brother Meng, I'm jealous. Where's Mute?"

"We share the same fate, but we don't share the same fate. F*ck you, I don't think my ancestors would have encountered such a good thing."

"It's just too f*cking ridiculous! No wonder the Weeping Soul Beast upgraded to such a size. If I were given such a chance, I would be able to upgrade quickly too!"

"He really won by lying down! I, QNMLGBD! When we use our experience points, it's a three-digit, four-digit number! When others use their experience points, it's in the tens of millions! I'm going to vomit!"

"Who wants to give me such a flying experience! I can play for a week, you can do whatever you want!"

"Get lost! Don't raise the price!"

"…"

Jealous! Jealous!

When the audience in the live-stream saw Qin Luo's experience points spamming and the words "Collecting Success" spamming across the screen, they were simply disgusted to the point of wanting to vomit!

Was he really not a human?

We will fight to the death. If you can get one level up in three days, you will be a god of liver!

But what about him?

Lying down and doing nothing, the experience points came automatically!

It was ridiculous!

The most infuriating thing was that we were leveling up and fighting monsters. The consumption was simply terrifying!

Not only did he have to purchase large amounts of potions, but he also had to spend a large amount of money to repair the equipment durability that he had lost in battle, as well as his hunger…

If he was unlucky, it would be good enough if he could save the money!

What about Weeping Souls?

There was no battle or consumption. Instead, there was a huge group of super strong BOSS waiting for him to "visit". None of the super materials gathered were lower than the high-level ones. Epic materials that were rarely seen in the past were now like cabbages, appearing one by one…

His mentality exploded!

One hour!

Two hours!

Three hours!

…

The fierce battle in the valley continued!

Qin Luo Sheng's concealment had long since ended!

The Sea Serpent that had been summoned had been sent to Dragon Island long ago!

Except.

The BOSSes, who had gone crazy from killing, did not stop!

Under the stimulation of the blood, even without the influence of the illusion, they, who had stimulated the ferocity in their hearts, could no longer return. Either he died, or all other existences besides him died!

The originally peaceful valley instantly turned into an Asura Purgatory!

Initially, Qin Luo Sheng did not want to get involved in this mess. He wanted to explore the depths of the valley while these guys were fighting to the death. Wouldn't it be nice to obtain the secret treasure?

But.

Even though these bastards were risking their lives, they did not forget their purpose for coming here. They had completely blocked the road!

If it were before, Qin Sheng would have been able to sneak in quietly by relying on his enhanced concealment ability.

But it was no longer possible now!

This was because the path ahead had been completely turned into a battlefield. If a small figure like him dared to step in, he would probably be instantly killed.

Even if he could rely on his skills to hold on, if he was attacked, his concealment would be broken. At that time, if he revealed himself, wouldn't an uninvited guest like him be crushed by a group of "villains"?

So.

A group of BOSSes fought for a few hours!

Qin Qin Sheng watched the show for a few hours and collected a few hours!

In the beginning, not many of the Bosses had died. Qin Sheng did not dare to act rashly and focused on dodging. He hid in the shadows like a mouse and watched a group of Bosses fighting each other!

Later on!

The weaker BOSSes, as well as those unlucky BOSSes who chose the wrong place, were attacked from all directions and died tragically!

The densely packed valley instantly became much emptier!

Taking advantage of this opportunity.

Qin Luo Sheng was also at the border, beginning his painful and happy harvesting journey!

Qin Luo kept collecting numbly. He had no idea how many times he had used the Collecting Skill. He also did not know how many times he had placed the bag full of materials on the virtual trading platform. All he knew was that the transaction tax alone had been reduced by seven digits!

Rumble…

A series of booms rang out, drawing the attention of Qin Sheng, the old tool collector.

Three lions on the left!

On the right, two-winged tiger!

To the side, Poison Lizard!

In the sky, Sunbird, descendant of the mixed blood of the Golden Crow!

Underground, mutated earth dragon!

Now.

Of the hundreds of Bosses, only these five were the strongest!

All of them were Legendary Bosses above level 85. Furthermore, all of them had monstrous backgrounds. Looking back, their ancestors were all experts who had dominated an area in ancient times!

"Hiss…"

In the face of a strong enemy, the five Bosses did not hold anything back at all. The terrifying aura emanating from their bodies made Qin Sheng suck in a breath of cold air. He did not even collect the corpses of the remaining 20 Bosses and immediately slipped away.

What a joke.

If these BOSSes really started fighting, they might even overturn the entire valley. Wouldn't they be courting death if they stayed on the main battlefield?

He ran all the way, rolling and crawling!

At this moment, Qin Sheng no longer cared about his image. He would do it as fast as he could!

Before he could run out of the valley, an earth-shattering energy explosion came from behind!

battle.

It was already starting!