Chapter 864: Parasol Tree Heart, Mysterious Blood Jade

"W-what is this?"

The Sky Soaring Tiger's calm expression was immediately replaced by fear.

He, who had been sitting there calmly, was really scared now!

The reason why he was so disdainful was because Qin Luo's strength was too weak. That was because the difference in cultivation level was simply impossible to make up for!

This was indeed the case.

Qin Luo was only level 54, while the Soaring Tiger was level 85. There was a difference of 31 levels between them. Not to mention Qin Luo now, even he, who was fully equipped with Mythical equipment, could not do it!

High damage?

Skills?

Strong attributes?

Don't joke around!

Attack limitless MISS, what use are these?

Yet.

Normal skills would not work, but rules-based skills were different!

For example…

The embrace of Death!

This was not a normal attack, but a forceful reduction!

As long as the target did not exceed the godhood of the Death God, as long as the target could not block the power of the Law of Death, then the embrace of the Death God, which had evolved to the pinnacle after the Starlight Blessing, would definitely succeed!

On the Terrifying Dragon Platform, the Black Dragon King Long Yuan, whose strength had reached half-step Mythical stage, was still unable to withstand the attack. How could a level 85 Legendary Boss, Flying Tiger, escape the judgment of the God of Death?

-27000000!

27 million health points taken away!

How could the Sky Soaring Tiger, which was on the verge of death, withstand such heavy injuries?

The Gundam's body fell to the ground like a pile of mud, and the divine light in its eyes also faded!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 85 Legendary Boss—Flying Tiger. EXP + 160,000,000, Reputation Points 45,000! '

Another golden light flashed!

It was a Level 31 Over-level Kill, and it was a Legendary Boss at that. Even if it was just picking up scraps and not being able to obtain full EXP, the amount of EXP it could gain from drinking soup was actually 160 million points, which allowed Qin Sheng to level up instantly!

"It's finally quiet!"

Qin Luo looked at the valley filled with wolves and could not help but sigh.

Now that more than a hundred bosses who coveted the secret treasures in the valley had all died and only Qin Sheng was left, he no longer panicked.

Collect! Collect!

It was especially so for the five big Bosses behind him. Even though their bodies were in tatters and their precious blood had basically dried through their wounds, they still had quite a number of treasures on them. Disregarding everything else, just the huge corpse alone was like a mountain of meat. Even if only a portion of it could be used as an excellent ingredient, it could still make a huge profit.

Qin Luo Sheng operated mechanically again. He spent another two hours before he finally finished collecting all the Boss corpses in the valley.

Qin Sheng once again "transported" the goods out through the Virtual Exchange Platform. He looked at the backpack of special materials and smiled in satisfaction!

"Alright, it's time to get down to business!"

Qin Sheng stood up and stretched his back before casting his gaze towards the depths of the valley where there seemed to be a phoenix!

With Xiao-Xiao, this human-shaped radar, and Qin Sheng's Heavenly Eye activated the entire time, he was completely unafraid of any traps!

In fact.

Perhaps the hundred BOSSes were the final barrier. The road ahead was smooth and they did not encounter any abnormalities.

Soon.

Qin Luo Sheng arrived at his destination. This was also a valley!

If his guess was correct, the entire terrain here was like a calabash. The valley where the hundred-plus BOSSes were at earlier was one end of the calabash. Now, Qin Luo Sheng had entered the abdomen of another "calabash" through the pathway!

"It's really a parasol tree!"

Qin Luo was excited.

The giant tree that occupied his entire field of vision made him feel frustrated.

What he had seen earlier was not an illusion. Instead, there really was an incomparably large wutong tree sitting there. However, due to the restriction of a certain formation, the outside world was unable to see through it. One could only see it when they truly stepped into the valley.

"Xiaoxiao, is there any treasure here?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the parasol tree that was at least a hundred meters tall and felt a slight headache.

Although there were only sycamore trees here, there was still a lot of empty space. It would take at least a few hours for a person to cover the entire area. It was not that there was no time to waste, but there was no need to. After all, there was a radar. It would be a waste not to use it!

"Up there!"

A small voice was heard. "On the wutong tree!"

"Up there?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about the noisy live-stream. He suddenly flicked away the [Wings of the Rain Dragon] and flew upwards.

"This is?"

Qin Luo patrolled through the parasol leaves. Relying on his small precision lock-on, he quickly found his target.

In the center of the wutong tree.

There was a piece of blood jade lying in a natural and man-made groove!

That's right.

It was the Blood Jade!

Blood dyed jade!

It was crystal clear and the red lines flowed like blood!

"Don't move!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance and felt as if he was being sucked by a magnet. His expression turned dull and he could not help but reach out to touch it.

With a snap, Qin Sheng's outstretched hand, which seemed to have been charmed, retracted abruptly and covered his face.

The intense pain made Qin Sheng return to normal. His expression was clear as he looked at Xiaoxiao, who had jumped out of the pet space automatically. He was at a loss and at a loss!

"Xiaoxiao, what is this?"

Qin Luo hurriedly asked.

"I don't know!"

Xiaoxiao replied calmly.

“You don’t know?”

Qin Luo was instantly dumbfounded. "Didn't you say that you have the aura of a phoenix?"

"Does the presence of a phoenix mean that there is a phoenix?"

Xiaoxiao rolled her eyes and said, "The phoenix has fallen into the parasol tree. This parasol tree is very extraordinary, and it's not strange that a phoenix has descended before. A phoenix is a divine beast, and also an auspicious beast. Her aura has existed for a long time, and it's very normal for it to remain until now! What I feel is perhaps the remnant aura of the phoenix that came here before, and it's not necessarily a phoenix here now!"

Qin Luo understood.

But it was also unbearable!

Damn it!

Without a Phoenix, wouldn't it be a waste?

Why did he come all the way here?

After spending half a day here, even though he had leveled up by 5 levels and many Boss materials, he was still unable to eat the biggest piece of meat. He couldn't feel good at all!

"Then, what is this?"

Unwilling to give up, Qin Luo pointed at the gigantic blood jade in front of him and asked, "Legend has it that phoenixes don't fall without treasures. I don't see anything unusual around here for the time being. Is this blood jade the treasure that even phoenixes favor?"

"Maybe!"

Xiaoxiao was also a little puzzled. "I don't know what it is either. I can only feel a majestic life force from it. Furthermore, the aura it contains isn't inferior to mine!"

“Nani?”

Qin Luo was stunned. "Could it be that there's a big demon sleeping inside?"

Boundless vitality meant that there was no death!

Not losing to Xiaoxiao's aura meant that she was powerful!

If that was really the case, it was simply explosive!

It was no wonder that even though there were so many powerful Bosses outside, they did not dare to advance recklessly. Firstly, it was because they were mutually suppressing each other, causing a slight change to the whole situation. No one dared to risk universal condemnation and was the first to make a move. Secondly, they were afraid that they would be intimidated by the aura of the powerful creature in the Blood Jade!