Chapter 866: Qin Luo: Selfish.Jpg!

Qin Luo understood.

It was the same in the fantasy world and even more so in the real world.

Ever since Emperor Zhuanxu had broken off the path to immortality, he had isolated the heavens and the earth, causing humans and gods to no longer coexist. Gods entered the heavens, and humans lived in the earth. Now that the heavens and humans were separated, it ensured the rise of the human race and that they would no longer be suppressed by the gods!

The heavens were formed from rising clear qi, while the earth was formed from sinking turbid qi!

So.

Spirit qi resided in the heavens, and the lifespan of a Heavenly God was boundless!

Corrupted energy sunk into the earth, the human race and ten thousand spirits corroded by the filth. The spirit veins that were originally buried underground were also continuously drained away, until later on, spiritual essence no longer existed, entering a Cultivationless Age!

Still.

The situation did not change much!

‘ Of course.’

Even though there was no change, there was actually a change.

The position of the overlord of the human race remained unchanged, but the status of the other living beings had fallen even further!

When the Spirit Qi was still around, even though the human race was respected, the other races were still able to fight back. There were demons, demons, monsters, ghosts, and Asuras of the Ghost race. There was nothing left!

After Taizu established the country, the technology was very advanced. With an imperial edict, no demons were allowed to form the country!

Thus…

The human race was flourishing!

In the past, the ferocious tiger lion, cheetah Xiong Pi, who was incomparable to humans, had completely become human slaves. They were locked up in a zoo and turned from man-eating ferocious beasts into ornamental animals.

This was change!

"If an ordinary spirit wants to become an immortal, they have to become a human first. They have to transform into a Dao Body before they can continue their Immortal Ascension Road!"

Qin Luo Sheng was still deep in thought. Little Tiny ignored him and continued, "How difficult is it to transform into a human body? Other than the Form Transformation Pill and the Form Transformation Grass, there are only a few other methods. Furthermore, the price is extremely high! Even if an auspicious beast is praised by humans, it has to be at least rank 80 or rank 4!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn.

Uncomfortable!

Initially, he had been listening to the story of cultivation with relish. But in the blink of an eye, the phrase 'Level 80 Fourth Stage' was a turn of events that made Qin Luo Sheng's face turn constipated!

"Then you…"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the small characteristic panel and looked at the confirmed Level 55 on it with a puzzled expression.

"I am a dragon, born extraordinary. The dragon race and the human race are allies, and I am bestowed the title of guardian divine beast. I have already become a totem and share the destiny of the human race. Therefore, the True Dragon Bloodline can transform into a human form when it reaches Rank 50 Third Stage!"

Xiaoxiao explained, "Of course, it has to be the pure bloodline of the True Dragon. The mixed bloodline of the True Dragon has to be at Rank 80 or 4, the same as other auspicious beasts such as phoenixes or qilins!"

"That's great!"

Even though the tiny dragon body was also very beautiful, as a human, Qin Luo's aesthetic taste was naturally similar to that of a normal person. Moreover, the tiny dragon had two horns on her forehead, which made her look like the legendary Dragon Princess. This was not a cosplayer, but a real Dragon Princess.

The Damask King had dragon horns and dragon tail. It could be said that he had yet to complete his human transformation!

It was slightly heavy!

But Xiaoxiao was different!

From head to toe, she had an extraordinary figure, exquisite curves, and perfect facial features. Her cold temperament carried a hint of the arrogance and overbearingness unique to the dragon race. She was a proper young girl domineering CEO!

Besides.

Wearing a hat made her look like a human girl. There were no other messy parts and she looked very fresh!

"Bastard, what nonsense are you thinking!"

Qin Luo's mind was connected to it, and he immediately sensed the evil man's evil intentions. Xiaoxiao immediately berated him with a cold face. The unique vertical pupils of the dragon race emitted a dangerous glow. It was very terrifying!

Except.

A faint blush appeared on her incomparably delicate face. It was extremely moving!

Lust is emptiness, emptiness is lust!

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly recited the Heart Sutra and the Heart Cleansing Incantation at the same time. Under the dual desire dissipation technique of Buddhism and Daoism, he finally dispelled the evil thoughts!

He had no choice.

As a normal man, and a hot-blooded young man who had eaten meat and was unsatisfied with it, was it wrong for him to like pretty girls and fantasize about them?

This was normal behavior!

If he didn't have any romantic thoughts, he would either be a saint or a eunuch!

Qin Luo Sheng neither wanted to be a saint nor a eunuch!

So.

It was very suitable to be a pervert. He liked it very much too!

"Eh, are you done?"

The awkward atmosphere did not last long. As the Blood Jade flickered and went silent, Qin Sheng realized that there was no longer any suction force on his finger and quickly retracted his hand.

“That’s a bit fierce!”

I opened my stats window and saw that my HP had dropped to 70%. My face turned pale!

This was probably a f*cking fantasy world. If this was the real world, he would either be dead or crippled. At the very least, he would have already f*cking fainted by now. Who was he trying to scare with his vitality?

"What do we do now?"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the little girl who was floating in the air barefooted, revealing a fair and tender leg.

"Leave the coordinates and feed it once a week!"

Little White glanced at Qin Sheng and said, "This is the first time, so she has absorbed more blood. It will be normal in the future. However, the pure energy can greatly accelerate her incubation!"

Qin Luo understood in a second!

He fed the blood once a week so that the mysterious existence in the Blood Jade's womb could communicate with him. After it was born, it would naturally acknowledge him as its master!

On the other hand, demon cores and demon cores were purely provided with energy. They were like food eaten by a human mother and became nutrients for the baby to grow in the womb.

"Sure!"

With the Spatial Jump, the coordinates had already been recorded. The next time he came, he would not need to go through the third or fifth stage to appear here.

"Are you leaving now?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the blood jade that had fallen silent. Even though the brilliance was no longer there, the blood colored patterns on its surface appeared even more lively and full of vitality than before. He asked unwillingly, "This is such a big place, could it be that this is the only piece of blood jade?"

"There are many treasures!"

This small sentence made Qin Sheng grow anxious. However, the next sentence made the excitement he had just felt wither away. "However, it's all stored in the blood jade!"

Qin Sheng:…

Fuck.

What's the difference between saying it and not saying it?

Isn't that disgusting?

Autism.jpg!

"Will this place be discovered?"

As if he had lost all hope, Qin Luo, who had transformed into a salted fish, walked out of the valley step by step. When he reached the door, he suddenly thought of something and hurriedly asked, "If there were others involved and they dripped their blood, wouldn't I have worked for nothing? Should I just move the blood jade away?"

"No!"

Xiaoxiao shook her head. "The blood jade is nurtured by the essence of the Mythical Parasol Tree. Once it is moved away, the blood jade will not have any strong spirit qi to sustain it. It will become a rootless duckweed and die!"

——————

< EMPTY >