Chapter 863: Mental Confrontation

"The soul fragment that suddenly appeared earlier was done by you?”

Qin Luo admitted generously, "That's right!"

"Is that illusion too?"

Qin Qin Sheng continued, "Ran Ye!"

"How scheming, how scheming!"

Flying Tiger sighed in admiration.

"Since I'm not as skilled as him, I can only resort to this!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not feel embarrassed at all. All of you are f*cking inherited bloodlines, blessed by your ancestors, and have cultivated for so many years. I'm just an ordinary person. Do you think I can go head to head with you guys? If I don't play some tricks, I'm afraid I won't even have the qualifications to pick up scraps!

"Now that you've appeared in front of me, are you prepared to end this?"

The ferocious tiger was on the verge of death, but its bearing did not diminish. It was still full of dominance. The word "king" on its forehead and its pair of bright tiger eyes shone so brightly that even Qin Sheng did not dare to look at it directly. He glanced at Qin Sheng and laughed disdainfully. "You?"

"If I can't kill you, do you still have the ability to stop me from entering?"

Qin Sheng pretended not to hear the fierce tiger's taunts. He shrugged his shoulders and looked deep into the valley.

Flying Tiger:…

Indeed.

Given Qin Sheng's capabilities, he had nothing to fear even if he lay there and allowed Qin Luo to hit him as he pleased. This human could not even break through his defenses!

Yet.

He was seriously injured and on the verge of death, this was also a fact!

Even if he was able to retain his life at an enormous price so long as he wasn’t attacked, it would require a great deal of time, and he was utterly unable to stop Qin Sheng’s footsteps at this stage, even if it was only a weak human!

"You can try!"

The Soaring Ferocious Tiger said with a smile that was not quite a smile. It did not even bother standing up and simply laid down to guard the left side of the entrance, leaving behind a 30 meter wide right path for Qin Sheng.

"Interesting!"

Because its level was too high, the Heavenly Eye was unable to take effect and could not see the state of the flying tiger.

Even though this fellow looked extremely miserable, his aura was also extremely weak.

However, Qin Sheng had long since known that an outsider had participated in the battle from the Soaring Tiger. He was unable to determine if this fellow was tricking him. After all, he could disguise his aura!

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo Sheng was forced to the edge of the cliff.

Now he had two choices.

Firstly, he had to give up and leave. If he was greedy, all the Boss corpses in the valley would be his. He could leave after collecting them. With these materials, he could earn a small goal if he worked well!

The second was to continue. He was extremely greedy as he fought the Sky Tiger to the end. If this fellow was bluffing, then he would have profited greatly. If this fellow was really pretending, then he would have lost his life!

"Regardless of whether you are lying or not, I have to take the risk. Furthermore, I have to leave immediately. I cannot delay!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and immediately made a decision!

Are you kidding me?

How could a mere Boss corpse satisfy my appetite?

Without greed, how could he advance?

I want the Boss' corpse!

I will take your life too!

As for the mysterious treasure that was guarded by hundreds of Bosses, I want it back!

What can you do?

"Good lad, you have guts!"

Seeing that Qin Luo was actually resisting the powerful deterrence that he had brought, he slowly approached and advanced forward. The Soaring Tiger could not help but sigh in admiration.

Others might not know, but how could he not know?

The qilin was the king of the land, and the tiger race was the king of the mountains and forests. The roars of tigers resounded deep within the mountains, and all beasts were terrified!

He was from the Soaring Tiger Clan, and was also one of the strongest branches of the tiger clan. His tiger might shook the world and was not something an ordinary person could resist!

If it was the Three-Headed Lion from before, it wouldn’t be strange for it to be able to suppress or even ignore his pressure. But this human in front of him was actually able to withstand it. This was simply inconceivable!

This kind of person either had extraordinary talent, extremely strong mental strength, or had a treasure protecting him.

No matter which one it was, it could not be underestimated!

In the past, they had nothing to do with each other. However, his current situation was extremely terrible. His physical injuries were extremely severe. If he could not intimidate them, he could only watch helplessly as they snatched food from the tiger's mouth and took away the secret treasure that hundreds of experts had lost their lives without even looking!

This.

How could he accept this?

"Brat, I'll give you a warning. When you step within thirty meters of me, I'll kill you at all costs!"

The ferocious tiger's calm voice rang out in Qin Luo's ears, "If you retreat now, everyone will be safe!"

"Are you tricking me?"

Qin Luo asked.

"You'll know if it's a trick!"

As the king of all beasts, the ferocious tiger naturally had its own pride. It did not want to waste its tongue on Qin Sheng, so it merely responded softly and gave Qin Sheng the right to choose.

"I believe you!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a serious look at the Soaring Tiger. Even though he had never learned psychology or anything like that, he was still unsure if it was a trick or not. However, his instincts still led him to believe the Soaring Tiger's words. He changed the topic and said, "However, humans die for wealth, birds die for food. Today, you either die or take away the secret treasure. Not to mention the Soaring Tiger that you're severely injured and dying, even if the emperor himself comes, he won't be able to stop me!"

"Good, you have backbone!" Flying Tiger praised, "Then, I will wait for you here!"

"No, you don't have a chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and took out a scroll from his backpack.

"Let's begin!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and activated the scroll. "Success or failure depends on this!"

"Backtrack Scroll, activate!"

Buzz…

A mysterious power of time was released from the scroll.

"Backtrack Scroll, successful activation. Please choose the target to go back!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

Very good!

Qin Sheng activated it without hesitation when he felt the terrifying evil power transmitted from the [Death God's Embrace] on his right earring!

"The embrace of Death!"

Target locked, Soaring Tiger!

In an instant.

Dark clouds covered the sky and cold winds blew.

A door to the Netherworld suddenly appeared before slowly opening!

The wails and cries of thousands of ghosts, as if filled with grievances, instantly turned the originally beautiful valley into a terrifying ghost country!

At the same time, a figure hundreds of meters tall shrouded in darkness descended!

Death of the Underworld had appeared in the human world!