Chapter 860: Which Is More Comfortable?

“Sleep! Go berserk! Chaos! Fear!”

On the other side, the Clam Dragon, who had been blessed by starlight, used the time delayed by the death of the Glazed Eagle King and many other enslaved souls to activate the illusion spell that had reached a new height.

Soon.

The BOSSes who did not have high resistance to illusions fell into an abnormal state!

Among them.

The most chaotic DEBUFFs had been ordered by Qin especially!

What was chaos?

To put it simply, his brain was muddled and he wasn't clear-headed. What he saw was completely different from what he saw!

What were the consequences?

Killing each other!

It was like seeing your own enemy, your natural enemy. Why aren’t you f*cking beating him to death?

The BOSSes were excited!

The Bosses were fighting!

The BOSSes started fighting!

Even though many of them had extremely high resistance to illusions, or rather, due to the huge difference in strength, they had a certain immunity to the Sea Serpent's illusions. BOSSes who were not deeply affected were very clear-headed or semi-conscious.

But.

Under Qin Luo's first step of enslaving souls, they had already made their move.

‘ Sometimes.’

Once Pandora's box was opened, there was no going back!

Just like these evil beasts that had a strong desire to kill, the delicate balance was broken. After seeing the bloody light, their killing intent was aroused. It was basically impossible for them to stop!

Waterfall… was hard to collect!

Another thing.

This valley was only so big, but there were so many BOSSES. Moreover, most of them were "sturdy". It was fine if they did not move, but if they moved, was it possible to not touch other existences?

Once there was "physical contact", based on the size and strength of these Bosses, it was basically a "critical hit" at every turn. Even if it was not shaking the mountains and shaking the earth, at least the scales would have sparks flying everywhere, and the attacker would definitely feel pain!

We've all gone through nine years of compulsory education. Why should you be showing off while I get beaten up?

Attack me?

I'm also a f * * king spendthrift!

If you hit me, how could I f*cking let you do whatever you want?

Just do it!

If he wanted to kill, even without the Mirage Dragon's illusion, the Boss might be in chaos!

Still.

This was not enough!

Once there were too many of them, they would be severely injured, and if there were too many of them, the remaining ones would awaken. Regardless of what happened, they would at least cease fighting!

And Qin Luo's goal was naturally to catch them all in one fell swoop!

Stop after killing the red-eye?

NO! NO! NO!

You don't want to!

You want to kill until the end of time, kill until no one is left alive, I am invincible!

This time.

The Clam Dragon came in handy!

Not only was it a catalyst for the battlefield, but it also allowed a group of Bosses, regardless of whether they were affected or not, to be dragged into the battle. The general trend was to participate in this huge battle, and it could also infinitely magnify the killing desire in these guys' hearts, causing them to lose their rationality. Even if they were injured or even facing death, they had to continue fighting without stopping!

"This is really spectacular!"

Qin Luo Sheng carefully dodged while watching the earth-shattering battle between the BOSSes. If it was the original [Concealment], he would naturally not dare to play like this. However, after the double enhancement of the Starlight Blessing and Light of the Brave, not only did his Concealment increase greatly, his original 80% reduction in speed was also greatly reduced. Coupled with Qin Luo's various enhancement skills, his speed increased.

"It's just a pity that I don't get any experience points from so many Bosses. As the Bosses killed each other, it was not killed by players, nor did it drop anything. What a waste!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed helplessly.

But there was no other way!

One could not have both fish and bear paws!

It was already very good to have such a situation!

Compared to the experience and equipment of these Bosses, the mysterious treasure that they were all coveting was more worth exploring!

Ding… Level 80 Ancient BOSS Hundred Legged Centipede has died. You have gained experience points: 170,000 + Reputation Points! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

Qin Sheng, who was still carefully moving forward, was instantly dumbfounded!

This!

If the boss died, would I still be able to get experience points?

That's not right!

From the beginning to the end, he did not even touch the Boss. He did not deal any damage at all. Why was there still EXP?

Could it be that the Enslavement Soul that he summoned previously barged in and encountered that unlucky BOSS?

Qin Luo thought to himself.

Except.

Following that, there were a few more system prompts. As usual, this time, he really could not do anything!

"Mainframe!"

Quantum mechanics…

Ahem.

If you don't make up your mind, you can ask the mainframe!

As expected of the God of the Internet, the most intelligent of the entire human race, the ruler of the world of fate. Within a second, the question was answered.

It wasn't due to the soul enslavement attack he had imagined, but the Sea Serpent's illusion!

Even though Illusion was only a supplementary skill, the actual damage from killing the BOSS was still caused by the fights between the other BOSSes. However, even if it did not cause 1 point of damage, Illusion paved the way and was considered to be part of the battle.

The Clam Dragon that cast the illusion was summoned by Qin Luo through the [Dragon God's Command]. Naturally, the credit went to him. Since the Boss died, as it was killed by other Bosses, the NPCs would not drop equipment like the players, but the EXP was not bad at all.

Even if it was just an auxiliary illusion, the experience points received was probably less than one-tenth of the experience points from his peak, but this was a freaking miracle!

They could kill monsters above level 30 and above. Furthermore, they were all BOSSes. They were at the Epic stage!

Such a terrifying cross-level BOSS, even if he could only get a small share of experience points, it was still very impressive!

This…

It was worth more than ten million. If he were to level up by himself, how many monsters would he have to kill?

But now?

He came lying down!

"Am I lucky?"

Qin Luo Sheng had a look of doubt on his face.

This matter.

He had never expected this. It was like a dream!

There was no such thing as a free lunch in this world!

Tsk!

Die, die, die, die…

battle.

It was getting more intense!

This valley was like a bowl, and these Bosses were like Gu worms in the bowl!

That's right.

Qin Luo Sheng's first impression after seeing this intense battle was that he was raising gu!

It was too terrifying!

Fortunately, he had Shadow Escape and Teleportation. His speed was extremely fast. Coupled with his Great Perfection Concealment, which had reached the pinnacle, he was not discovered. Otherwise, not to mention being targeted, even the aftermath of the battle of this group of crazily killing Bosses would be enough to kill him countless times!

"Ding, you have leveled up. Current level: Level 51, Health + 200, Mana + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10. You have received 60 free attribute points!"