Chapter 869: Entering The Volcano

Eight hours later.

Qin Luo, who had experienced many hardships, was finally standing on the mountaintop!

An active volcano?

Or was there something else?

Qin Luo Sheng stuck his head out and looked towards the mouth of the volcano. That thick sulfuric smell nearly suffocated him on the spot!

"Xiaoxiao, is there anything down there?"

It was pitch black below the volcano.

With Qin Luo's naked eye, he naturally could not see anything. If one were to listen carefully, they would be able to hear the sound of flowing lava.

"What's sleeping!"

His tiny spirit perception was very strong. After sensing for a while, he said something that made Qin Sheng's face turn black instantly.

F*ck!

Was there really a BOSS?

Even though he was mentally prepared, Qin Sheng could not help but complain.

This active volcano was already unbearable. Just the physical environment alone was enough to cause trouble. If he had to fight a powerful BOSS in such a difficult place, it was unimaginable!

“Any ideas?”

Qin Luo looked at Xiaoxiao hopefully.

Ever since Xiaoxiao advanced to maturity, transformed, and awakened her memories, he had unknowingly become dependent on her. He was still alright in terms of combat, but in other aspects, especially in terms of knowledge, he basically relied on Xiaoxiao's guidance the entire time!

Previously, it was the blood jade of the parasol tree. Now, it was the same on the active volcano!

"No!"

His cold words shattered Qin Luo's hopes. "I can only sense its aura, that's all. But I don't know what exactly is under the volcano. If you want to know, you either go down or lure it up!"

Qin Sheng:…

Was there a difference?

Wasn't he facing an unknown enemy?

What I want is peace! Peace!

This was already the central region of the Wasteland of Death. In fact, it was somewhat inclined towards the core region of the latter half of the Wasteland of Death. To be able to occupy such a large area and use a volcano as a nest, needless to say, it was at least an existence like an epic legend. As for its level, hehe, if it was less than Level 60, I would wash my hair on the spot!

"Forget it, I'll go down!"

Qin Luo Sheng was conflicted as to whether he should go down or seduce her. After careful consideration, he still chose to go down safely.

Why?

Not to mention that there was no way to seduce him, even if there was, he might not even bother about her if she slept in his house!

Besides.

If Qin Luo could be dealt with through communication, he would not want to resort to violence either!

The reason he was afraid of losing was because Qin Sheng wanted to solve the problem as soon as possible. The earlier he succeeded in his third promotion, the earlier he would get the system reward of the first third-promotion player. The longer he delayed, the easier it would be for unforeseen circumstances to occur!

"This… is a little difficult!"

The active volcano was like a huge chimney. Not only was it emitting white smoke that smelled of sulfur, but the high temperature inside was even more unbearable.

"Xiaoxiao…"

Qin Luo Sheng's resistance to fire was not high. He only felt hot at the mouth of the volcano and did not receive any damage. That was already his limit. However, once he stepped into the volcano, that might not be the case. It was still alright in the beginning. The further down he went, the closer he got to the lava, the higher the temperature would definitely be. At that time, just the high temperature would be enough to kill him.

"Water counters fire!"

Little Tiny, who had been called so affectionately by Qin Luo, did not feel her petite dragon body tremble. It was obvious that she was feeling mushy. She rolled her eyes at Qin Luo proficiently and helplessly gave him a solution.

"That's right, water can suppress fire. Why didn't I think of that!"

Her words woke him up.

Qin Luo suddenly came to a realization.

Other types of resistance might be very vicious, but in front of water resistance, Qin Sheng could guarantee that he was absolutely number one. He was invincible amongst the players, and amongst the NPCs, he was one of the top few.

The effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the blessing of the Naga God, the affinity of the water element, and the enhancement of the water-type treasure [Ice Spirit Ring], in addition to the reward given by the system after completing the mission…

Overlapping.

Qin Luo's water resistance had reached a critical point!

What was a critical point?

It was the peak limit, and it could not rise any further!

80%!

This was the critical point for players, and also the critical point for all existences including NPCs!

A peak that mortals could never break through!

In other words.

Even the Goddess of Snow and Naga Gods only had 80% water resistance and could not break through!

The entire world.

Perhaps only an innate god or an ancient divine beast could raise their resistance to the limit and reach 100%!

For example.

Flames were the sacred beast of fire, Vermillion Bird, Sun Bird, Three-legged Golden Crow, and auspicious divine beast, Phoenix!

Thunder was the divine beast of thunder, Bai Ze!

Myriad Water was the Sacred Beast of Water, Azure Dragon!

Wait!

Only such an existence would be absolutely invincible in their respective domains!

‘ Of course.’

Even among the Godly Beasts and Holy Beasts, there were only a few who were completely immune to it. This was not the case for all of them!

At least.

The Dragon Island dragons that Qin Luo Sheng had encountered had very poor performance!

Not to mention 100%, even 80% of the normal limit could not be reached!

"What a pity. If I had an ability to maximize my resistance or convert it, it would be perfect!"

Qin Luo shook his head and sighed.

Naturally.

Such whimsical and idiotic thoughts were met with a small roll of eyes!

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng was very lazy, but he had one advantage—he was a man of action. As long as he made up his mind, he would immediately take action and work hard!

The fire resistance against this active volcano was akin to merging with one's body and not being harmed!

And water that opposed fire!

Of course, it would become integration and turn into self-preservation!

He used the power of water to protect himself from the high temperature.

"Mmm, it feels much better!"

Having learned his lesson several times, Qin Sheng, who had long been mentally prepared, immediately opened the virtual trading platform. He bought a full set of fire-resistant equipment and pills that temporarily boosted fire-resistance at no cost!

Like this.

Coupled with the Water Vein Spirit Pearl's warmth!

In an instant.

The originally unbearable heat became much more comfortable. It was like a sauna, turning from unbearable to extremely comfortable!

"Take your time!"

Due to special reasons, Qin Sheng could not fly. He did not dare to jump down directly and enjoyed the thrill of free-falling. He poked his head out to take a look and found that the interior was uneven terrain. It should not be a problem to climb the rocks in the opposite direction.

"Tsk!"

Qin Luo Sheng's hand landed on the protruding rock inside the volcano. The intense heat transmitted over, making him feel somewhat uncomfortable even with the fire resistance and water element.

"If only the spider silk could last for a long time. Even if it can't fly, I can rely on the [Spider Silk Launcher] to quickly descend. Unfortunately, the spider silk can only last for one second when it touches the wall, and it will burn to ashes. At most, it can only be used for emergencies!"