Chapter 876: A Battle Of Words

Dragon Palace Hall.

At the council table.

The originally empty space was now filled with people!

"Since everyone is here, let the meeting begin!"

The Dragon Monarch sat at the head of the table and looked at the familiar faces and unfamiliar faces in the room. His expression remained unchanged as he presided over the meeting.

"The initiator of the meeting today is Black Dragon King!"

The managing chief elder stood up meticulously and introduced the situation to the high level figures of the dragon race. He went straight to the point. "Then, please speak, Black Dragon King. Tell us the theme of the council!"

"I, Black Dragon King, Weeping Soul, request a Water Dragon Pearl from the Dragon Palace in the name of Black Dragon King!"

Qin Qin Sheng cut straight to the chase.

"Water Dragon Pearl?"

As soon as he finished speaking, a slightly feminine looking middle-aged man couldn't help but slap the table and glare angrily at Qin Sheng. "Black Dragon King, are you provoking my Water Dragon clan?"

"No such intention!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Water Dragon King expressionlessly. "I just happen to need a Water Dragon Pearl, that's all!"

“Bastard!”

A white-haired old dragon sitting on the elder's seat (because he was in human form now, it could only be described as a human) instantly burst forth with an imposing aura, causing his beard and hair to flutter without wind. He looked like an angry lion. "The preciousness of dragon balls, how can they be given to others casually?"

"If I remember correctly, the king of a tribe is qualified to request for a treasure from the Dragon God's treasure vault under special circumstances, right?"

Qin Luo had done his homework very well. Otherwise, he would not have swaggered over to stroke his whiskers.

"That's right!"

This was the rule of the dragon race. No matter how indignant they were, no one dared to refute it on the spot. "However, the dragon pearl is different from ordinary treasures. It is the legacy of our dragon race's seniors after they entered the dragon tomb. If they do not have any major contributions, they cannot be given lightly!"

Indeed.

The dragon balls were too few and too precious!

Even if the Dragon King was qualified to apply, it was another story whether he could apply for it or not!

In the past.

Although they were from different factions, they were all dragons after all. If there was really an emergency, there were very few people who would cause trouble!

After all.

If you make me unhappy today, then don't blame me for returning the favor the next time you need it!

Unfortunately.

This had nothing to do with Qin Sheng.

He was a human!

Furthermore, the power of the Black Dragon King was obtained by killing the previous Black Dragon King, causing the Dragon race to lose face. Although it was nominally so, at least 80% of the higher-ups present did not admit it in their hearts. Instead, they hated him to the core!

Under such circumstances, it would be impossible for them to obtain the Water Dragon Pearl.

"Black Dragon King, let's drop this matter!”

The Dragon Emperor said indifferently.

"As expected of the Dragon Emperor. What an overbearing declaration!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled. He swept his gaze across the Dragon Clan's upper echelons with disdain and mockery. There was no fluctuation in his heart, and he even wanted to laugh.

Just this?

How disappointing!

"The Dragon God's Treasure Vault is shared by the Dragon Clan. Since everyone has refuted my suggestion, then as the Black Dragon King, I should be able to force the Water Dragon Pearl, right?"

"How dare you!"

Qin Luo Sheng had just finished speaking when several voices rang out.

It was none other than the Black Dragon Clan’s elder.

The dragon race indeed had this rule!

After being rejected by the parliament, special privileges could be activated!

The Terrifying Dragon Platform was the final method!

But this wasn't enough!

After all.

As the Dragon King, it was not necessary for him to fight to the death for a Water Dragon Pearl.

Besides.

Even if he wanted to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform, what about his partner?

There were so many people in the parliament who were against it. Should he kill them one by one?

Yet.

There was a prerequisite for exercising privilege, and that was equivalent exchange!

In other words.

If Qin Qin Sheng wanted to take out a Water Dragon Pearl, he would have to take out something of equal value or even greater value as the Water Dragon Pearl in exchange!

After all.

Even though the Dragon God's treasure vault had the inheritance of so many generations of the dragon race's ancestors, when the dragon race was the overlord of the world, they enslaved so many races and plundered countless treasures. It was enough for future generations to squander.

But the higher one is, the more dangerous one is.

The Dragon Race was different from the past. They had already been reduced to a corner of the curled up Dragon Island, so why were they still daydreaming?

As the foundation of the future, the Dragon God Treasury was naturally the most important. It was impossible to take it for free!

Taking out the treasures needed from the Dragon God's treasure vault required the approval of the council. Moreover, if there were no special circumstances, they had to hand over treasures of the same value to the Dragon God's treasure vault to ensure that the foundation of the dragon race would not be lost!

When Qin Luo Sheng raised the conditions, it was equivalent to tacitly agreeing to hand over a treasure of equal value to the Water Dragon Pearl, or even higher value than the Water Dragon race. He would put it into the Dragon God's treasure vault and borrow the Water Dragon Pearl to exchange for it!

On the other hand, Qin Sheng was now the Black Dragon King. According to the original agreement, he was in charge of everything in the Black Dragon Clan, including the treasury of the Black Dragon Clan's heritage!

Those were the wealth accumulated by generations of the Black Dragon King and the ancestors of the Black Dragon Tribe, as well as their contributions in countless battles. They belonged to the entire Black Dragon Tribe!

Now.

How could the elders of the Black Dragon Tribe tolerate the fact that Qin Sheng, an outsider who had stripped away his rights, had been defeated?

"Shut up!"

Qin Sheng frowned when he heard the angry rebuttal from the elders of the Black Dragon Clan. He berated, "I'm the Black Dragon King. Why do I need to explain my actions to you?"

The few Black Dragon Tribe elders' faces were flushed red with anger and killing intent!

If eyes could kill, Qin Sheng would have already turned into dust!

Unfortunately.

They could only rage helplessly!

The Dragon race was one of the races with the strictest hierarchy. Now that Qin Sheng was the king of the Black Dragon race, how could they, as members of the Black Dragon race, dare to offend their superiors? If they were to really do so, it would be entirely an excuse for Qin Sheng. When the time came, they would use the clan rules to punish him. Even the Dragon Emperor would not dare to plead for leniency. After all, this was an internal matter of the Black Dragon race, and his race had no right to interfere!

"Black Dragon King, are you sure you want to apply for a forced exchange?"

The Dragon Monarch’s expression was very ugly.

Qin Luo Sheng's current performance was not only a slap to the faces of all the elders of the Black Dragon Clan, but also a slap to the faces of all the higher-ups of the Dragon Clan in the Dragon Hall, especially him, the Dragon Emperor!

"That's right!"

Qin Luo nodded.

"Alright then!"

The Dragon Monarch helplessly said, “Guardian Elder, go to the Dragon God’s Treasury and retrieve a Water Dragon Pearl!”

The Guardian Elder took the Dragon Emperor's Decree, treasury key, and the rest of the items and left!

"Black Dragon King, you can prepare to exchange treasures!"

The Dragon Emperor said.

This was the rule of the dragon race. Even if he was the Dragon Emperor, he could not violate it.

Now.

What was done was done. The truth was done. There was no turning back.

No matter how unhappy he was, he could only accept it.