Chapter 874: Return To Dragon City, Find The Water Dragon Pearl (2)

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of light, Qin Sheng appeared in his residence in the Imperial City!

"Master, you have a letter!"

The head maid politely knocked on the door. After being allowed to enter, she respectfully strode forward and handed over a letter.

“It’s Luo Li!”

Confused, Qin Luo opened the letter and was immediately delighted.

This was a letter from Luo Li!

Yes!

In the previous battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena, Luo Li had escorted Long Xu and the other captives from the Flying Bear Mountain to the Imperial City. At that time, Qin Sheng had yet to reach Rank 50 and could not come here at all.

Luo Li wasn’t the only one who had come. This girl was also afraid that he would be distracted, and that the Dragon Clan would use their underhanded moves again. Thus, she had taken Mengmeng and the Damask King away to protect them so that he wouldn’t have any worries.

Initially, Qin Luo had wanted to look for them when he arrived at the Imperial City. However, he had no way to do so. That day, he had gone shopping on a live broadcast and had visited all the usual places in the Imperial City, but he had not found a single clue.

After entering the palace, he wanted to ask the emperor, but in the throne room, he could not open his mouth!

Later, in the back garden, he was distracted by the rank three mission and forgot about it!

He had been very busy these past few days, like a spinning top. If not for this letter, he really would not have thought of the three girls who had a favorable impression of him exceeding 90. He was ashamed!

Southwest of the Imperial City.

At a villa belonging to the royal family!

Qin Qin Sheng took the token with the rose insignia on it along with the letter and asked the guard to let him in!

Under the guidance of the maid, Qin Luo Sheng arrived at the wing of the backyard where he lived.

As soon as he stepped in, before he could get a clear look at the layout of the place, three delicate shouts rang out in Qin Sheng's ears. Accompanying them were three different gusts of faint fragrance.

“Weeping Soul!”

Mengmeng: "Young Master!"

Damask: "Master!"

"I'm sorry!" Looking at the three surprised and resentful faces, Qin Sheng apologized sincerely. "I'm late!"

“I’ve heard that on the Terrifying Dragon Stage, you’ve beaten Long Yuan to a miserable state!” Luo Li smiled as she continued, “That bunch of arrogant and rotten people from the Dragon Clan didn’t even care about their face and allowed Long Yuan to bring the Dragon Pearl up to the stage, only to be destroyed by you. That’s really great!”

"Of course!"

Qin Luo had a smug look on his face.

Although that battle was very thrilling and lucky, the dragon race was cheating, so was he not?

The emperor gave the cheat, and the Daoist Daoist gave the cheat through Zhang Daoming. In addition to his accumulated heritage, he also opened the biggest cheat, the Lord of the Stars. Only then did he barely win against Long Yuan.

Besides.

Even if he won, he would have to pay a huge price for it. He was cursed and was in a miserable state. Even his Hidden Job, Shadow Warrior, was taken away and all his attributes were reduced to dust.

If he had not completed the SSS mission, he would have been useless. In a sense, he would have perished together with Long Yuan!

Even now, without Long Yuan's curse before his death, excluding the Shadow Warrior, True Dragon Bloodline, and the forgotten skills, just the elimination of the four basic attributes would increase his strength by at least 30%!

Also…

After this battle, Qin Sheng had been following him from the beginner village onwards, evolving continuously. Finally, he had reached the Mythical level of the [Coiling Dragon Water] and was crippled!

Even if there was a recovery scroll, the conditions were too harsh. The day of recovery was far in the future. Even with the Sacred Dragon Sword, Blood Demon Sword, Duality Dao Sword, and a new Mythical weapon—Fist Glove, Abyssal Hands, it could not make up for the pain in Qin Sheng's heart!

Except.

It was fine for a man to work hard outside. Even if he had to suffer, he had to bear with it. He could not let his negative emotions affect his family!

If it was something else, it would still be fine. If he told his family, especially his other half, he would obtain comfort, be encouraged, and use this warmth to eliminate his evil tendencies. Otherwise, how could he say that home was the harbor for his heart?

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng was a little special.

For the sake of the man's so-called face, he could not reveal his miserable state!

Don’t ask.

If you ask, I won. I killed the Black Dragon King Long Yuan. I'm a f*cking hero!

"Ah… I'm sorry, Damask, I didn't mean that!"

Just when Qin Luo Sheng was about to brag a little and exaggerate a little, he suddenly realised that before he could speak, Luo Li, who was praising him earlier, had already noticed the complicated expression on the Damask King’s face. Recalling her identity, he hurriedly apologized.

"It's… It's alright!"

The Damask King’s eyes dimmed. However, when he saw the apologetic Luo Li, the worried Mengmeng and the concerned Qin Sheng, he shook his head, indicating that he was fine!

Even though he was very happy that his master had returned successfully, the enemy was his race. Even though he was a half-dragon and did not have a good memory of the place he grew up in, it was his hometown after all. How could he give it up so easily?

"Alright, let's not talk about those unhappy things. It's all in the past!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly pulled the Damask King's tender hand and consoled him, "Let's go, let me check and see how much of the Dragon God's blood you've digested!"

"Yes!"

Damask nodded repeatedly.

She had feelings for Dragon Island!

She also had feelings for the dragon race!

She still had feelings for the Dragon Monarch!

However, she had no feelings for the Dragon Abyss or the other dragons!

Even.

And it was because of his identity as a half-dragon. Even with the Dragon Emperor taking care of him, he did not dare to bully others on the surface, but he was ridiculed behind their backs, receiving all kinds of mockery and disdain!

Even if the Damask King was magnanimous and did not pursue the matter, it was impossible for him to repay evil with kindness!

No hatred, that was kindness!

It was normal that he did not love her!

"Xiaoxiao, how is it?"

Qin Luo sat down in the gazebo and refused to let go of the Damask King's hand. He rubbed and pinched it, causing the Damask King's face to turn red. He almost buried his head into his proud chest.

Qin Luo knew nothing about f*cking inspections. Initially, he was just a dabbler. Now, even the True Dragon Bloodline in his body had been cursed away by the Dragon Abyss Curse. From head to toe, other than Little Tiny, the bloodline contractor, who was still somewhat related to dragon blood, everything else was also related. For example, the Dragon God Command, the Dragon Lord status, the Black Dragon King position, and so on!

"Good integration!"

There was a hint of surprise in Xiaoxiao's cold voice. "Your maid is not simple!"

"Not simple?" Qin Sheng was stunned. "How is it not simple?"

“The bloodline is very strong!” Xiaoxiao said indifferently. “Whether it’s the bloodline of the human race or the bloodline of the dragon race, they’re all extraordinary! Now, with the enhancement of the Dragon God’s bloodline and the awakening of their potential, they’ll surely become peak experts in the future!”

Qin Luo was shocked.

Initially, it was just an "addition" to the transaction with the Dragon Emperor. He did not expect that it was actually such a huge gift!

Lucky!