Chapter 877: The Dragon Pearl Is Finally In Hand, The Array Formation To Pray For The Rain (1)

"I know. I, an outsider, became the Dragon Lord and suppressed all of you. All of you were unhappy and humiliated the Dragon Clan on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. All of you hated me to the core!"

As he looked at the silent Dragon Palace Hall and sensed the endless resentful gazes from his surroundings, Qin Sheng, who was under the might of all sorts of dragons, remained fearless. Instead, he said in a cold and disdainful voice, "Originally, I, the Dragon Lord, only had status. I didn't use this identity to make an issue of it. As for the Dragon Abyss, it's because it has enmity with me and has invaded the territory of the human race. It was discussed and punished by the Human Emperor and the Dragon Emperor. Tell me, what has this got to do with me?"

All the dragons were speechless and unable to refute!

"But what happened after that? Long Yuan made use of the Terrifying Dragon Platform to fight to the death, and used the entire Black Dragon Tribe as a gamble. Not only did he want to escape punishment, he even wanted my life! What's wrong with me being forced to fight back?"

"I'm innocent, but this matter does indeed have karma with me. You used my identity as the Dragon Lord to make an issue out of it, saying that I'm half a dragon, conforming to the rules of the Terrifying Dragon Platform, forcing me to agree. But now, my half dragon race, together with my identity as the Black Dragon King, how can you deny it?"

The expressions of all the dragons changed. Some neutral parties and the younger generation even looked ashamed!

"From the beginning to the end, I was the innocent one! As for you, you self-proclaimed proud and lofty dragons, your actions have truly broadened my horizons. Not only did you publicly execute the sinful Dragon Abyss, who had destroyed the alliance between the human race and the dragon race, but you even sent your subordinates to assassinate me in order to prevent the Battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform from starting. You even sneaked into the human territory and plotted against the scum of the human race. You're really—great!"

Looking at Qin Luo's mocking smile and his raised thumb, even some stubborn people could not help but feel their faces burning!

This was not shame, but shame!

“A glib tongue.”

Not all dragons were persuaded by Qin Sheng. The hawkish racists who had led the assassination in the Flying Bear Mountain sneered disdainfully. "If you had not been blinded by greed and coveted our clan's treasure, causing the Dragon Abyss to lose its responsibility, would he have pursued you and committed such a grave mistake?—No matter how much you say, you will not be able to escape responsibility!"

"I admit it!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not refute him. Instead, he agreed very seriously. "However, didn't the Human Ruler and the Dragon Emperor agree to give me a punishment back then? Moreover, they allowed me to enter the Dragon God Hall to undergo the highest level of tests. I almost died several times and my Dao almost dissipated."

The dragons were speechless!

“That is why it isn’t that I wasn’t punished for my mistake, but rather that I have more backbone than Long Yuan, taking responsibility for my own mistakes. When he was shirking responsibility, to the extent where he didn’t even hesitate to use the ancestral inheritance passed down by his clan’s ancestors as a gambling stake to avoid responsibility, moreover taking a step further, wanting to kill two birds with one stone, dealing with this enemy of mine, I was still fighting with my life on the line, racking my brains to fight!”

"I won, and I was very lucky to obtain the favor of the Dragon God. I was bestowed with the [Dragon God's Command] and became the Dragon Lord. You didn't expect this, right? You didn't expect that the existence that you thought had died without an intact corpse would actually turn over a new leaf. Not only did you escape this calamity, but you even became an existence that all of you respected."

"Forget it, I'm not here to complain!"

Qin Luo Sheng had rendered the group of dragons speechless with just a few words. However, he also knew very well that it was a complete dream for him to change the mindsets of the dragons and even eliminate the prejudices of his race by arguing.

It was still the same old saying.

Strength was everything!

This was especially true when dealing with a proud and arrogant race like the Dragon Race. Even if you were really like a saint, it would be of no use. Only by possessing tyrannical strength that was sufficient to make them admire you, and even crushing their strength, could you obtain true respect!

In fact.

Ever since he completed the SSS mission [Dragon Clan's Trial], he had offended the Dragon Clan and received the follow-up mission [Race Conspiracy], Qin Luo Sheng had been making plans.

Yet.

No matter how he speculated and what methods he used, the chances of success were pathetic!

There was only one way to complete the mission!

That was to suppress the extreme, become unmatched in this world!

When one had the strength to sweep through everything, anyone and any force would be like a clay chicken or pottery dog in one's eyes. Then, no matter how difficult or impossible the matter was, it would be easily solved!

"Although everyone has fallen out with each other, it's just that we don't have the opportunity or excuse to draw our swords against each other. This time, if I forcefully activate the right to exchange, perhaps it will be your chance!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered as he looked at the high ranking members of the dragon race who were glaring at him furiously. He looked extremely arrogant. "I've always believed that no matter what kind of creature it is, there is a limit to one's tolerance. Even if one is as sacred as a Buddha, there is still a time when one is glaring at a Vajra! I'm looking forward to the extent of your tolerance!"

“Weeping Soul!” These words caused countless terrifying auras to erupt within the entire Dragon Palace Hall. Even the Dragon Monarch who was seated at the head of the hall couldn’t help but frown as he coldly warned, “Don’t go too far. This isn’t your human race!”

"OK! OK!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and raised his hands in surrender. "Wow, this is the Dragon Palace Hall. I was wrong!"

"Young man, don't be too arrogant. I've seen countless geniuses, but only one in a hundred million can achieve something and leave their name in history!"

The few Supreme Elders who were seated in the most special position and had only the right to listen in on the discussion opened their eyes abruptly at Qin Sheng's words. They were old and frail and were resting with their eyes closed. Their tone was calm but filled with a threatening warning.

"Indeed!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not refute this statement. It was not that the words were spoken by an extremely old grand elder. The traditional virtue of respecting the old and cherishing the young was something he agreed with, but that what Qin Luo said was very true.

Seeing Qin Luo being so proficient, the few elders who had always been acting as Buddha statues were very satisfied with the fact that they had gained face the moment they spoke.

Yet.

Before they could smile, Qin Sheng's next words made their blood pressure soar.

"But who can be sure that I don't belong to one in a billion?"

Seeing the expressions of the Dragon Tribe higher-ups, Qin Sheng knew that it was about time. If he were to continue, he might not be able to walk out of the Dragon Palace Hall today. Thus, he brought the issue back to the main topic. "You're all heartless, but I can't be unrighteous! After all, the Dragon God was the reason why I was able to achieve what I've achieved today. Even though Long Yuan cursed me before he died and deprived me of my true dragon bloodline, I still hold the [Dragon God's Command]. I'm the Dragon Lord and also the Black Dragon King!"

"— How about this, I'll give you two sets of plans! Water Dragon Pearl, I want it. No one can stop me. However, I have no intention of breaking the rules of the Dragon Clan. One, maintain the original plan. In the name of the Black Dragon King, use the treasury of the Black Dragon Clan to choose treasures for the exchange of Water Dragon Pearl. Two, I'll take out the exchange item myself, but—I want an imperial edict!"