Chapter 875: Return To Dragon City, Find The Water Dragon Pearl (3)

"Mengmeng, I have a lot of materials here. Are you interested?"

Qin Luo Sheng took out a huge pile of materials from his backpack. Other than some of them from the past, most of them were collected from the hundreds of bosses in the world of the Spirit Calabash. Furthermore, all of them were of top quality.

Mengmeng was a full-time master. Her best skills were her cooking skills and potions. She was slightly weaker in other aspects!

On the other hand, Damask had his own craftsmanship. He was the best at tailoring!

“That much?”

As a sub-professional master, he looked as if a peerless swordsman had seen a divine weapon when he saw so many materials. Mengmeng's eyes immediately glowed. Even though Damask wasn't acting so exaggeratedly, he was still very excited!

"Young Master, do you have any requests?"

Mengmeng asked.

"Requirements? There aren't any requirements. You can do whatever you want!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled. "Of course. You have to get me some stock for the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. This thing is amazing. I need to prepare some. Who knows when it will be used!"

In terms of potions, Mengmeng was an expert. A layman should not point fingers at her!

‘ Of course.’

The Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that would shine brightly on the Terrifying Dragon Platform had to be arranged!

Nothing else.

Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison was indeed Grand Yin Tyrant!

All three functions were fierce!

This was especially so for players. As long as they could fight a BOSS normally and not be killed instantly, the biggest obstacle would undoubtedly be resistance and recovery!

With strong resistance, the player would not be able to fight. Even if the player used his infinite torture ability, it would be useless. After all, the other party could make countless mistakes, but you could only make one. Furthermore, there was a limited space in the backpack to play around with drugs. Once the drugs were finished, you could only wait for death!

He recovered so quickly that the damage he dealt wasn’t even as fast as his opponent. It was simply despairing!

Just these two alone were enough to give the players a headache. If they had both, they would have exploded. There would be no more fun!

Still.

Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison, perfect solution.

It could reduce resistance, cut off recovery, and even corrode the body!

Such a strange poison was the bane of the Boss!

"Alright!"

Mengmeng happily selected the materials she needed.

"Then, Master, do you need any armor?"

The Damask King asked.

"Armor?"

Qin Luo muttered to himself. At the same time, he pulled open his equipment bar to take a look. Ever since the explosion at the Flying Bear Ridge, all his equipment had dropped, leaving behind some bugs that were not bugs. He had used the virtual trading platform to escape a calamity.

Now.

The five outer pieces of normal equipment already had the legendary Holy Dragon Set. There shouldn't be any need to update them for the time being!

As for other aspects…

The belt was an Illusionary Spirit ribbon. Its attributes were weak, but it had 1000 backpack spaces and a strong control skill. It was definitely outstanding at the belt. It was a little difficult to find something stronger than the Illusionary Spirit ribbon!

The ring was an Ice Spirit Ring. It had an additional skill, Ice Ring Barrier. If it was used properly, it would be a BUG-level skill and could not be worn before. Now that he had a Spellblade job and could activate his ability, he naturally would not change it.

The necklace was the Prayer of Life, the earrings were the embrace of Death, the wings were the wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon, and the mask was the devil face!

These were the most important treasures, and they would definitely be used for ages!

In that case…

He was still missing a ring and a cloak!

He could wear two rings. The one on his hand now was an ordinary Epic ring. It was purely to make up the numbers. It was a trash item that did not even have any additional skills. It was the same for the cape. He had bought a Silver Cape at the last minute and used the Starlight Miracle to sublimate it. He was lucky enough to jump levels to become an Epic. Its attributes were quite good, but it was originally Silver. It had no characteristics and no additional skills. It was trash!

"I need a cloak. If the materials are suitable, I'll get a belt!"

Damask nodded repeatedly.

Seeing the two girls excitedly fiddling with the high-end materials they had just obtained, Luo Li gave Qin Sheng a look and the two of them walked a little further away.

"I heard that His Majesty has given you a very difficult mission. It's your promotion mission. Do you want to help?"

Luo Li asked with a gentle expression.

Previously, she had been afraid of disturbing Qin Luo. Thus, even though she knew that Qin Luo had come to the imperial capital, she hadn't sent any subordinates to deliver the letter. She had only been secretly paying attention to Qin Luo, cheering him on.

Now.

The matter was already on the right track. In fact, most of it had already been completed. There was only one last step left. Only then did he send a letter to Qin Luo under the pleas of Mengmeng and Damask, his two good sisters, to inform him to meet here.

As a woman, Luo Li was simply perfect!

Not only was she the daughter of a wealthy family, but she was also gentle and considerate. She was also the Hua Mulan who was not inferior to men. She was brave, resourceful, strategic, and handsome!

To be able to gain the favor of such a woman, Qin Sheng felt that he must have saved the Milky Way in his previous life, no, his previous life. Otherwise, how could such a great fortune have landed on him?

"It's alright, don't worry, I can handle it!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled and shook his head, rejecting Luo Li’s good intentions.

This wasn’t entirely caused by male chauvinism. Of course, there was indeed a trace of it. However, it was mostly because Qin Sheng wanted to prove his excellence, prove his abilities, prove that he was worthy of Luo Li, so that others wouldn’t laugh at her for finding a useless man!

Besides.

This was a test from the emperor!

It was a test!

If he used external help to complete it, not only would it not affect his completion percentage, his impression score would be deducted by a lot!

Although having connections was also a kind of ability at times, to an Emperor, your so-called connections were simply the most laughable thing. Could it be that the exalted Sovereign of the Grand Xia needed to care about your connections, and even wanted to befriend you in order to have connections?

Ability!

This was what an empire valued the most!

As for the rest.

It was just fleeting clouds!

As long as one had the ability to do things, work for the empire, or even become a loyal dog of the royal family, the emperor did not care so much!

Money, power, color…

Give me whatever you want!

These.

They were all things that the emperor did not lack!

I'm not afraid of you wanting it, but I'm afraid of you not wanting it!

Those without desire or those who could hide their desires and suppress them would instead be feared!

This was the heart of an emperor, and also human nature!

It was too perfect and always made people wary!

On the other hand, having flaws was reassuring!

…

Dragon City.

A white light flashed as Qin Sheng, who had spent a long time with Luo Li, Damask, and Mengmeng, finally started to get down to business. He had arrived at the most crucial place that concerned the third revolution!

Ignoring the gazes of the numerous Dragon Island residents that were mixed with various complicated emotions, Qin Sheng continued to head towards the highest point of the Dragon City. It was also the Dragon Island and the Dragon Island's highest authority organization, the Dragon Palace Hall!

The position of the Dragon Lord!

The king of the Black Dragon Clan!

Who would dare to stop him?

Qin Luo Sheng had no obstructions along the way!

"I, Weeping Soul, convene a meeting in the name of the Black Dragon King!"

Upon stepping into the Dragon Palace Hall, Qin Sheng, the managing elder who maintained the operations of the Dragon Island, explained his purpose for coming.

Instantly.

The dragon bell rang.

It resounded throughout the entire Dragon Island!