Chapter 879: Mission Completed, Reward Obtained

Ding… congratulations on completing the third-promotion mission. As you are the first player to successfully complete the third-promotion, you have received a reward: Level + 1, Luck + 2, Charm + 5, Enlightenment + 5, Random Equipment for your job, Reputation + 10,000! '

"Ding… Since you are the first player to complete the third promotion mission and successfully advance to the third promotion, the system will announce to the world. Do you want to reveal your ID?"

What was there to hide?

There were so many people watching in the live streaming channel!

"Reveal!"

Ding…

Ding…

Ding…

Instantly.

Three world-class notifications sounded in succession.

Still.

This time, it did not cause much of a stir.

Firstly, even an idiot would know that the first Class Advancement to succeed would definitely be the only Soul Sob that was above Level 50!

Secondly, the hundreds of millions of viewers in the live-stream were not the account numbers, nor were they all Chinese!

Initially, he had been live-streaming the entire job-changing mission for the past few days. He had seen every single detail clearly and knew how difficult it was to complete the mission, especially the last stage, to obtain the Water Dragon Pearl.

Putting aside the glory of Dragon Island and Dragon City, the Dragon Palace was fearless in front of so many big shots. They even engaged in a war of words. It was a show that made everyone's scalp tingle.

There was a reason why he could get such a good reward!

Ignoring everything else, just the competition in this Dragon Palace Hall.

Who would dare to challenge the King of Mentors?

"Ding, congratulations on completing the hidden mission—Special Rank Three Mission. Score: SS. Reward: Level + 2, Four Major Attributes + 300, Five Major Special Attributes + 5, Professional Random Skill Book x1, Blueprint x2, Formula x2, Scroll x2, Reputation + 50,000!"

"Ding… You have completed the hidden storyline. You have received praise from the Emperor. Additional reward: Your Noble rank has increased by one level. One treasure from the palace's treasury!"

Ding… You have completed the hidden storyline. You have received praise from the general. Additional reward: military rank increased by one level, military merit + 100,000! '

Comfortable!

Qin Luo Sheng had an excited expression on his face, completely disregarding the fact that he had 'seen' the system reward at this moment. The livestream room that was already in an uproar was laughing very happily!

The reward was extremely good. The only flaw was that the Hidden Job was unable to advance, and he could only seek opportunities himself to break through.

As for the Berserker.

There was nothing to say.

With such terrifying attributes, why would he need a bicycle?

Skills?

How could a skill be given to you for no reason?

He had to spend money to learn from the Class Advancement Mentor!

"Ah, it's raining, it's raining!"

“Wuwu, my mother, you saw it. It’s raining in our Sealing Ridge Fort!”

"Father, mother, is this the rain? Quick, pick it up. In the future, can we drink until we are full?"

"The heavens are not stopping at my Sealing Ridge Castle! This old man has finally not buried himself with regret! Even if I have to die now, I can rest in peace!"

"Thank you, Sir. Thank you, Sir. We don't have to leave our homeland. The Sealing Ridge Castle is alive! It's alive!"

"…"

Water Dragon Pearl!

Zhang Tianshi had personally made a move!

Wasn't a mere Rain Supplication Array a piece of cake?

Soon.

The hot and endless Sealed Mountain Fortress, where the drought lasted for four years, welcomed a heavy rain!

The people who were working hard and rebuilding the Sealing Ridge Fort temporarily put down the work in their hands and ran to the street, allowing the rain to wet their bodies and bathe in the pouring rain. They cried as if they were in a frenzy…

Seeing this.

Qin Luo Sheng looked on quietly, his eyes flickering faintly.

Even though he had been bathed in the light of the new era in both his previous and current lives, never starved, never lacked water, never lacked clothes, and was unable to empathize with them, he could still somewhat understand the feelings of these madmen.

Four years of drought and rain!

This rain no longer meant simple rain, but hope, redemption, light, future…

Qin Luo's arrival and the help of his unlimited supplies had ignited hope in their hearts.

So.

The rain had completely ignited the light in their hearts!

them.

He had come back to life!

He was truly alive!

Sealing Ridge Castle.

A few days ago, a city of death had turned into a city of hope, full of life and joy!

"Lord Wu, I'll leave the rest to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Prefectural Magistrate Wu, whose face was moved and whose eyes were glistening with tears, and felt happy for him from the bottom of his heart. He smiled and said, "In the future, the Imperial Court will send troops to guard the Sealing Ridge Fortress and ensure that the fortifications will not be disturbed by the demonic beasts and bandits before they are completed. At the same time, they will also protect the praying rain array formation! From now on, with the existence of this praying rain array formation and the fact that the source of the heat has been cut off, this place will soon return to how it was four years ago. Sealing Ridge Fortress has been revived!"

"Thank you, thank you, Sir!"

Prefectural Magistrate Wu’s tears were streaming down his face. At this moment, he was sobbing so hard that he couldn’t speak. He choked with sobs as he repeatedly expressed his gratitude, “My lord’s great kindness will never be forgotten in my Sealing Ridge Fort!”

"There's no need for that. I didn't do anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. "It's you who has protected us for decades and the citizens of the Sealing Ridge Fort have loved our homeland deeply and never abandoned us. You are the true heroes who saved the Sealing Ridge Fort. I've only done something insignificant!"

Seeing that Prefectural Magistrate Wu still wanted to "argue", Qin Sheng hurriedly took out the supplies he had just bought for a whole week from his backpack and handed them to him.

"I'll leave the rest to you!—See you again!"

The figure dissipated.

By the time Prefectural Magistrate Wu came back to his senses from the pile of resources that had been piled up in the backyard of the court, Qin Luo Sheng had already disappeared!

Tears.

It rolled down uncontrollably again.

"Benefactor!"

…

"Alright, the mission has been completed. The promised live broadcast should end now!"

After using Spatial Jump to escape the incomparably mushy scene, Qin Sheng returned to the Imperial City. He did not check the rewards immediately. Instead, he looked at the livestream room. He was not moved in the slightest when he saw the densely-packed endless stream of gifts that were already crazily flooding the screen.

"The livestream contract signed with the official platform has been successfully completed. From now on, I'll occasionally come up to take a look. The timing is uncertain. After all, I'm a Buddhist streamer. I know everything.—OK, let's meet again if fate allows it!"

It was broadcasting at the speed of light!

Without any hesitation.

Even though live-streaming was very profitable, it could even be described as robbing money. After all, his popularity were too terrifying. Furthermore, it wasn't only limited to China. His fans were all over the world. Even if one in ten thousand had the ability to consume and was willing to spend, the accumulation was still astronomical.

Yet.

Qin Qin Sheng did not care about these things.

Money.

To the current him, it was nothing. The reason why it was being broadcasted was only for the sake of his future plans. Before his wings were fully grown, he would make a name for himself, bringing along many fans, expanding his reputation, and making certain malicious existences hold back from attacking.

That was all!