Chapter 873: Return To Dragon City, Find The Water Dragon Pearl (1)

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng could not help but cover his head!

Hmm ~

It hurt!

The Praying Rain Array could ensure that the foundation of the Ridge Sealing Fortress was smooth. The key item was the Water Dragon Pearl!

Who could withstand this?

Even before this, it was impossible to obtain a Water Dragon Pearl from the dragon race, let alone after the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. At least 80% of the dragon race hated him, the Dragon Lord, and the new Black Dragon King!

At this time, wanting to obtain a dragon ball was simply a fantasy!

"Forget it, I should rest for a while first. This f*cking long-range raid and then running around the active volcano is really tiring!"

Qin Luo blocked the live broadcast and crushed the return scroll before returning to Star Glory City to replenish his supplies. He then activated his space jump and arrived at the Sealed Mountain Fortress before handing it over to Magistrate Wu.

Why hadn't Qin Sheng given him two days or even a week's worth of supplies?

Previously, it was because he had just bought a residence and a shop, and he had spent all of his money.

And now?

Food was an Immortal and Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Every day, large amounts of gold coins would enter their accounts. The pile of materials and ingredients collected in the world of the Spirit Calabash was especially eye-catching.

Especially the ingredients, it simply caused the reputation of an immortal to rise greatly. The guests arrived ceaselessly 24 hours a day, and it was ceaseless and explosive to the extreme!

Publicity?

There was no need for any promotions at all!

At that time, there were countless people watching Qin Sheng's live broadcast. This was the best advertisement!

In the huge audience base, there were countless bosses and tycoons. These were the main consumers. After watching the live broadcast, they were instantly attracted by the advertisements for management. They all rushed into the restaurant and waved the colorful notes in their hands, wanting to taste the flavor of the spirit beast meat!

This was a great supplement!

There were many rich people, but Fate Dimension was not used for other games. Even if you had money and had no connections, you would not be able to spend it poorly. Or if you spent money poorly, you would not be able to get the remuneration you deserved!

Now.

Food Immortal was right in front of them!

As long as he ate, he would be able to enjoy the unparalleled pleasure that he would never be able to obtain in the real world. The explosion of his taste buds and the satisfaction of his stomach. Not only that, but he could also obtain improvements in all aspects to strengthen himself!

This was such a good thing. Even if it wasn't a great opportunity, it was at least something that could only be chanced upon by luck. How could he not buy it?

This was especially true for those true God-level nouveau riches. They did not treat money as money at all. Most of them had no intention of competing for hegemony. They did not establish their own factions and invested a large amount of money into the bottomless pit. Naturally, they had a lot of money in their hands. For the sake of enjoyment and face, what was the big difference in spending? What was important was that it was worth it. They had face!

To such people, it didn't matter if they were rich or not. They just needed to serve them well!

For example, the delicacies made from spirit beast meat and demon beast meat that did not exist in the real world. Even if they only enjoyed the taste buds, they would not be stingy with money, let alone having special effects!

In the past, they were already regular customers who ate like immortals. Now, it was even more so.

Originally, as an immortal, due to the quantity of ingredients, they had no choice but to limit their purchase. Special high-grade goods had to be auctioned!

Now.

It was different!

Qin Luo Sheng had gathered over a hundred bosses. Not to mention that every one of them was like a small mountain, most of them were indeed like that.

Besides.

Most of the BOSSes were normal. They could eat and had a lot of meat. Even the lizards with poisonous boils were the same.

Of course

For example, poisonous meat made from poisonous lizard meat had the opposite effect as delicacies made from spirit beast meat. People would definitely be courting death if they ate such food, but who knew when it would be effective. Naturally, Qin Sheng would not give up. He asked the chef to prepare it and put it in his backpack for emergencies!

Furthermore!

Qin Qin Sheng was no fool either.

The parts that were sold were naturally the lower and middle parts. The higher parts would still have to be auctioned. As for the most essential parts, they would naturally be kept for their own enjoyment!

As there was a lot of meat, especially in ordinary areas where the spirituality was not strong, there was too much meat. That limit might not be gone, but at least it would not be as harsh as before!

Hence.

In this short span of a day, Qin Sheng had gained at least tens of millions. He spat out a mouthful of blood.

This amount of money was not a big deal, but it was enough to replenish supplies and supply the Sealing Ridge Fort for a week or two!

Except.

Qin Qin Sheng still came day by day. He did not take advantage of the opportunity to deliver it all in one go and settle it once and for all!

Even though he was very assured about the Sealing Ridge Fortress, he was very assured about this frontier fortress that had just grasped hope from despair. However, he did not want to challenge human nature!

The darkness of human hearts, the greed of human nature!

These things.

Never try to touch it.

No.

You will definitely be the one injured!

"Alright, the host has been working hard for so long. It's time to go offline and rest. See you tomorrow!"

After crushing the return scroll from the Imperial City, Qin Sheng ran back to his own residence and opened the screen of the broadcast room. Before the dissatisfied "greetings" of his netizens could be heard, he quickly sent a message. Then, the broadcast went off at the speed of light, leaving behind a hundred million stunned viewers who frantically filled the broadcast room with question marks.

…

In the real world!

When Qin Luo climbed out of the gaming capsule, he could no longer tell whether it was day or night. What was the date and what time it was?

Although there was a nutrient solution that did not require food or water replenishment, this method was undoubtedly a huge challenge for the human body that had been formed over decades!

Qin Sheng used a towel to wipe his slightly wet body that was soaking in the nutrient solution. He suppressed his fatigue and went to the bathroom to quickly take a quick shower. Then, he returned to the bedroom and fell into a deep sleep on the bed.

A satisfying sleep!

When Qin Sheng opened his eyes again, the sun was scorching the earth outside the window. It should be around noon!

He looked at the time.

Ha ~

He actually slept for 15 hours!

He picked up the internal telephone beside him and instructed the servant to prepare the main meal.

Then, he leisurely got out of bed and washed up.

After three days of delicious food entering his stomach, Qin Luo Sheng let out a satisfied sigh. He wolfed down his food and swept away all the 24 dishes on the European-style long dining table in a frenzy. He carried out the CD operation, causing the nanny who was serving him to once again feel the perverted appetite of the Big Stomach King!

Walking, running, playing with iron…

Qin Sheng exercised a little after the meal and only returned to his room when his stomach was no longer so bloated!

Initially, it was said that he was indulging in warmth and indulging in lust, but the truth was indeed so. However, now was not the time. If he did not quickly settle the third-promotion mission, Qin Luo Sheng would not be able to eat or sleep in peace!

When he went offline yesterday, there were already three Level 49 players!

Even if 49 to 50 required a terrifying 100 million experience points, it was very difficult to achieve!

However, he could not afford to be careless!

Rank three mission had to be completed today!

He had to get the mission reward!