Chapter 872: Bi Fang'S Blessing

Qin Luo understood.

Previously, he was still wondering why the BOSSes were different and there were even some who were natural enemies. They could actually coexist peacefully. So that was the reason!

If there were really so many benefits, no one would be an idiot and would naturally not give them up.

As for natural enemies and hatred, forget it!

The path of cultivation was incomparably cruel. For the sake of strength, one could give up everything. It was best to prioritize self-preservation and obtain benefits.

Fight against a natural enemy?

Haha!

So what if he won? His strength would definitely be greatly reduced!

How could the mutated beasts inside miss such a good opportunity? They would swallow you whole! This way, not only would you lose a spiritual energy source, but you could also nourish yourself! Why not?

“As for why those fellows obediently stayed at the outer perimeter and didn’t go to the core area behind, that’s because of the existence of the barrier, they can’t enter!”

This time.

Qin Qin Sheng finally understood everything!

Except.

There were only a few suspicious points that he did not know.

Why?

Why could he enter?

Why would the Spiritual Calabash World, which had not moved for a hundred years, suddenly appear in the first half of the Wasteland of Death and appear in front of him!

‘ I don’t know.’

‘ I don’t understand.’

‘ I’m not sure.’

Forget it! Forget it!

This fantasy world was very mysterious. Ever since he entered it, it was filled with a sense of mystery.

Whether it was the synchronization of the Sun, Moon, and Star birthmarks, the awakening of the SSS super-god talent, the Lord of the Stars, or the shocking connection between the virtual world and the real world, when he became stronger in the virtual world, the real world would also evolve in synchronization. He could even manifest the "equipment" that did not exist but was merely data in the real world. This was f*cking ridiculous!

Sigh!

There were too many secrets, and even Qin Sheng was numb to it!

Compared to before, the strangeness of the Spiritual Calabash World was just child's play!

Splash!

“So, what do we do next?”

Qin Luo asked seriously.

"Your strength is still too weak. Even if I do not lack whether you are really fated with my clan, at least, even if you are fated, if you are too weak, you will not be able to grasp this opportunity!"

Bi Fang did not care about Qin Luo's displeased expression at all as she continued, "You can come back to the Wasteland of Death after your strength has increased by another level! Although it's still a little forced, at that time, you would at least have a certain amount of ability. You can rely on your own strength to head to the core region of the Wasteland of Death and find the world of the Spirit Calabash. And now, you don't even have the slightest chance!"

Qin Sheng:…

There was no way to refute that!

Indeed.

With his current level 55 strength, he really did not have that ability!

Not to mention a BOSS, even if they encountered a level 80 monster, they would not be able to defeat it unless they used a forbidden spell or a BUG skill like Sky Slash!

Previously, he was able to kill over a hundred level 80 and four powerful Bosses in the world of the Spirit Calabash because of a cheap trick.

Those beasts were a group of people with ulterior motives, and all of them were blinded by greed, so they just happened to be utilized by the illusion technique!

Moreover, the terrain there was narrow, so they couldn’t run or avoid it. Even if there were existences that were conscious, they would be forced to counterattack by attacks from all directions, and they would have no choice but to join the battle.

Once the battle started, it would be very difficult to end it!

Just like that.

That was why Qin Sheng had taken advantage of him!

This was a miracle. It was basically impossible to replicate it again!

"Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head. It wasn't that he didn't know his own limits. The other party's words were unpleasant to hear, but if you can't do it, you can't. If your strength is inferior, no matter how unpleasant it is, you have to accept it.

"As for me, you don't have to worry!"

The Bi Fang said, "The reason why the surroundings have become so adverse in the past four years is partly my fault, but it's mostly because of the Fire Demons that I've suppressed at the bottom of this volcano. If it wasn't for my existence, this Fire Demon would have definitely erupted, and that human town would have inevitably suffered a calamity!"

Qin Luo was silent.

If that was the case, then not only would Bi Fang not be punished, but she would even be rewarded.

"Next, I will properly restrain the power of fire in my body. At the same time, I will also do my best to suppress the Fire Demon and prevent him from causing trouble!"

The Bifang continued, "However, this Fire Demon is a seal set up by my God. I can only circulate it according to the runic array and suppress it. However, my divine power is gradually fading and the seal is about to be broken. I have a mission to pay attention to the future of my Fire Clan. Therefore, once this Fire Demon is born, I will not exhaust my strength to destroy it. Everything will depend on you humans!"

"Understood!" If he didn't help Qin Luo, Disheng wouldn't lie either. "Then, when will the Fire Fiend be born?"

"One year!” Bi Fang said," The Fire Devil can break the seal in at most one year. You, go back and report to the Human Emperor and make your preparations! At that time, I can at most provide some assistance. The mission of eliminating the Fire Devil still depends on you!”

Qin Luo nodded.

"Since that's the case, you can leave now. Don't disturb my cultivation!"

The spiritual flame above the Bifang's head suddenly flickered. "It is fate that we meet. You have entered the world of the Spiritual Calabash before. Perhaps this is a hint from the heavens. Fine, before I leave, I will give you a small gift!"

Present?

Qin Luo's eyes immediately lit up.

Except.

Before he could ask, his vision changed.

When he woke up, he was shocked to discover that he had already appeared outside the volcano!

F*ck!

It was actually forcefully teleported out by the Bi Fang!

Ding… congratulations on completing the triggering mission. Bi Fang's favor. Reward obtained: Bi Fang's Blessing! '

[Bifang's Blessing] + 30% Fire Resistance, + 100% Fire Damage, + 20% Fire Skill effect!

It was simple and crude.

It was concise.

But the effect was simply delightful.

Although this could not be compared to the blessings of the Naga God, the nature was different!

The Naga God had something to ask of him. He wanted to invest first. The Bifang's blessing was because the other party was kind-hearted and kind. It was a free gift!

In other words.

It's already good that you have it. You have to accept whatever others give you. This is a favor, and you still want to be f*cking picky?

Big Face?

"The four major problems of the third-promotion mission: First: the internal problem of Fengling Castle. Prefecture Magistrate Wu has helped most of it. As for the remaining resources, as long as you have money, it's not a problem at all!"

"Secondly, the invasion of the bandits and magical beasts will soon be completed and can be resisted. The plan is to take drastic measures and make use of the rewards from the Imperial Court to attract players to kill the bandits and magical beasts. Even if we don't solve the root of the problem, we can at least make those guys unable to take care of themselves and no longer be a threat to the castle. It can be considered as a permanent solution to the problem!"

"Third: High temperatures. This has just been resolved. With Bi Fang's promise, I will return to the normal situation from four years ago for at least a year. As for a year later, when the Fire Demon appears, we'll talk about it then. In a year, who knows how far I've grown? Even if I can't become a single person, I believe many people won't be able to resist the temptation of being known as a player fighting an external BOSS, right?"

"Right now, there is only one last problem left. It is also the most difficult problem—Environmental Recovery!"