Chapter 878: The Dragon Pearl Is Finally In Hand, The Array Formation To Pray For The Rain (2)

Orders?

What imperial edict?

The upper echelons of the Dragon Tribe were all dumbstruck!

“What do you want?”

Orders were a special decree only emperors had the qualifications to give. In other words, only the Dragon Emperor had the qualifications to accept it.

"I can't stop you from playing any tricks. Just do it secretly. I'll take it!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not afraid of offending him at all. Since he was already like this, what was there to be afraid of? He had just finished his task. "However, on the surface, I'm the Dragon Lord and the Black Dragon King. Therefore, regardless of whether it's sincere or acting, you have to give me enough face!—The imperial edict I want is very simple. That is, if there are people who are disrespectful to me, especially those whose status and authority are inferior to mine, then I have the right to punish them!"

F*ck!

Isn’t this regulatory authority?

Instantly.

The upper echelons of the dragon race exploded.

If he really agreed, wouldn't it be letting an outsider strut around their dragon race's territory, insufferably arrogant?

Absolutely intolerable!

"I only have this one condition. It doesn't matter if you don't agree to it. Everything will be as usual. The choice is in your hands!"

In the face of all the rebuttals, Qin Sheng did not seem to mind at all. He sat there calmly and played with his fingernails as if it was none of his business.

"Before you formally reject me, let me say one thing first—My status is on par with the Dragon Emperor. Ah, even if the Dragon Lord does not have any real power, his status is just that high. And in terms of real power, I am now the Black Dragon King. So, regardless of whether you agree or not, as long as the Dragon Clan's Code is still there and you still acknowledge it, then, as long as you dare to disrespect me, I have no right to punish you. But once I report it, if the Punishment Hall has the guts, then don't bother!"

The noisy Dragon Palace Hall instantly fell silent.

"I think so!"

After a moment of silence, a dragon stepped forward. To everyone’s surprise, it was the elder of the Black Dragon Clan who hated Qin Sheng to the bone. The elder who had been speaking so vehemently against Qin Sheng and wanted to eat Qin Sheng’s flesh spoke at this moment, “The Lord Dragon Lord’s position is revered and equal to the Lord Dragon Emperor’s. If you disrespect the Dragon Lord, it’s equivalent to disrespecting the Dragon Emperor. How can this be allowed?”

Shameless!

His words immediately attracted everyone's attention!

Even though the old man did not explain clearly, the person at the scene was not a smart person. Using the Dragon Lord as an excuse to avoid mentioning the Black Dragon King's identity, what was this?

No matter what!

Wasn't it all for the sake of protecting your Black Dragon Clan's treasure vault?

Why did he have to do so much?

It was as if no one knew!

"I agree too!"

A dragon spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng looked over. Even though he did not know his name, the iconic green robe on his body and the dense aura of life emanating from his body indicated that he belonged to the Green Dragon Clan!

"I agree too!"

"Agreed!"

"Agreed!"

"…"

With someone leading the charge, voices of agreement instantly rose.

Among them.

Most of them were neutral!

‘ Of course.’

Dovewing and some of the Eagles agreed.

Nothing else.

Qin Qin Sheng's actions were quite normal.

Even without this imperial order, anyone who dared to offend them would be captured by the Punishment Hall for violating the Dragon Scripture and punished according to the law.

The difference was…

With the imperial edict, Qin Sheng could handle it personally and not only report it to the Punishment Hall!

In short,

With the imperial edict in hand, he had the right to deal with it!

It was such a simple matter that could save the treasures belonging to the dragon race. The Black Dragon race was naturally willing to do anything. They were neutral and had always believed in the Dragon God. They loved the house and the crow, and they did not harbor any ill will towards Qin Sheng.

As for the Dove Faction and the Hawk Plaque, even if they had their own considerations, it was now the time for them to unite against outsiders. The treasury of the Black Dragon Race was also the treasury of their dragon race. How could it be tainted by outsiders and reduced to a human's warehouse, where they could take whatever they wanted and benefit themselves?

"Alright! Since everyone has agreed, please take a look!"

Now that he had achieved his goal, Qin Sheng did not waste his breath and immediately took out a gigantic scale from his backpack.

As soon as the green dragon scales appeared, a terrifying aura swept the place.

The Dragon Monarch was the only one who remained unharmed among the Dragon Clan’s upper echelons. Even the Grand Elders were forced to kneel.

Dragon God’s Scales!

Together with the Dragon God's blood, the treasure bestowed by the Dragon God was Qin Sheng's trump card!

Even if the Dragon God Scales were not as attractive as the Dragon God's blood, nor could they increase the purity of the dragon race's bloodline and evolve their bloodline like the Dragon God's blood, it was still an absolute treasure for the dragon race!

"Is this enough to exchange for a Water Dragon Pearl?"

Qin Luo asked with a faint smile.

"Enough! Enough!"

The Dragon Tribe higher-ups nodded in agreement.

It was just a mere Water Dragon Pearl, yet it could actually be exchanged for the scales of the Dutian Dragon God. This was simply a huge profit, alright?

"That's good!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care whether it was a loss or a gain. In any case, the Dragon God's Scale was currently in his hands. There were only two uses for it. The first was to use it as a medium for Xiaoxiao to communicate and summon the will of the Dragon God to descend. This had already been done on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. The second was to use the most primitive function of the Dragon God's Scale as a shield to defend against the enemy's attack!

"I still have important matters to attend to, so I can't stay for long!"

After receiving the Water Dragon Pearl, Qin Sheng stood up and bade farewell. "I shall leave the Dragon God's Scales for everyone to study!"

No one could resist the temptation of the power of gods!

Especially their ancestor god!

The Dragon God's blood was simple and crude enough to evolve the bloodline, but the Dragon God's Scales did not have such an effect. However, this thing could be studied. Once it was researched, then there would be more than one benefit. Perhaps it could allow the entire dragon race to evolve, and their strength would increase exponentially!

So.

Qin Luo was certain that he would be able to obtain the Water Dragon Pearl!

Because no high-level member of the dragon race could resist such temptation. Be it the neutral faction, the Dove Faction, or even the Eagle Plaque, all of them were the same!

As for supporting the enemy?

Haha!

He was thinking too much!

Just like how people wanted to unlock the secret code to achieve longevity, it was not impossible for the dragons to unlock the genetic secrets of the Dragon God and obtain the power of the Dragon God. It was just that the probability was too horrible to look at!

Even if he could succeed, he did not know how much manpower and resources he would need to spend. It would take hundreds or thousands of years!

Until then.

What was a dragon compared to Qin Luo?

This was good too.

Hand over the Dragon God Scale and give them a direction, let them find something to do and slightly reduce their hatred, lest they scheme all day long!

How troublesome!

…

Back in the Imperial City.

Qin Luo Sheng took out the Water Dragon Pearl and the emperor was immediately overjoyed. He hurriedly sent Old Heavenly Teacher Zhang to set up the Qi Yu formation.

Next.

He left it to the professionals.

At this point.

The third-promotion mission to save Fengling Castle had solved all four problems!

Qin Luo Sheng heard the system's long-awaited prompt the moment the Qi Yu formation was completed.

Ding…