Chapter 871: Reason

This…

Qin Luo was somewhat hesitant!

He trusted Bi Fang.

Was he a divine bird or an emissary of the Fire God?

At the very least, he was not an evil person!

The reason for the current situation was indeed his fault, but it was not intentional. It was just that he was originally a Fire Bird and could not control it. It was like a True Dragon going out on an expedition and there would definitely be clouds and rain following it. It was an innate mystical ability, a gift from the heavens!

"Although I overestimate my capabilities, I still have my responsibilities. I would like to ask senior if I can tell you the truth and see if my clan and I can resolve it. If I can, I will try my best to solve the problem and everyone will be happy. If not, when I return to ask the Human Emperor, I will give an explanation."

Bi Fang pondered.

"I can tell you about this!"

After pondering for a long time, the Bifang still chose to inform Qin Sheng that he was, after all, the emissary of the gods. If he were to be found out that he had caused the human race to travel thousands of li in a barren land, causing the people of an entire city to suffer, then he would definitely make his master, the Fire God, suffer.

After all.

As the hegemon of the world, the human race was extremely strong. Not only that, they were blessed by the Heaven's Will. It was truly unwise to go against them.

Besides.

The Human Ruler had the right to become a god.

The construction and collapse of the temple could be accomplished with a single word!

He gave the order.

He could just cultivate tens of thousands of temples, let the human race offer sacrifices, create a deity!

It was also possible to overturn the endless divine temples overnight, trample on the orthodoxies, and make the high and mighty gods unable to enjoy incense offerings. They would fall from their divine altars just like that, and it was even to the extent that they would vanish endlessly and be completely ‘dead’!

Although his master, the Fire God, did not become a god through incense, if he was resisted by the human race and condemned by thousands of people, he would also be punished by the Heavenly Dao. At that time, at best, his Deity Position would be unstable and his realm would drop. At worst, his divine power would dissipate and he would be reduced to ashes!

The consequences.

No one could bear it!

The reason why he was fine previously was because no one knew that the one who caused this was him, Bi Fang!

Now he knew.

If he didn't handle it well, the Human Emperor's anger and the Human Race's disgust would affect him!

Today, it was a divine bird that was revered by all. There were even some believers that worshipped it. But tomorrow, it might become a demon, a target for human cultivators to enforce justice!

"I am here on the orders of my god to guard a treasure in the Wasteland of Death and instantly suppress a Fire Demon!"

Bi Fang said concisely.

"Treasure?"

Qin Luo Sheng pondered deeply before saying, "Can you reveal a little? Of course, I'm not coveting it. If it's not convenient for you, then forget it!"

"There's nothing inconvenient about it!"

Bi Fang glanced at Qin Sheng indifferently and said, "This treasure is related to my Fire Clan's supreme phoenix. It's not that I look down on you, but even if I tell you the details, you won't be able to get it!"

Qin Sheng:…

If you don't know how to talk, then stop talking!

Even though what you said was the truth, was it really appropriate for you to mock someone like this?

Tsk!

"The phoenix you're talking about, is it a gourd-shaped valley with a divine parasol tree at the end, hundreds of meters tall? On the trunk of the parasol tree, there's a concave nest that connects to the heart of the tree. There's a piece of blood jade lying inside?"

Qin Luo described it in great detail. As he looked at Bi Fang's eyes that gradually changed from surprise to surprise, he felt secretly pleased.

MLGBD!

Who told you to act cool in front of me!

It seemed like the mysterious valley that he had encountered previously was definitely the place that this fellow was guarding!

“How—how did you know? Did you go in?”

Bi Fang's tone became anxious.

How could he not be anxious?

He was ordered to guard the treasure ground and had come with a mission!

Now.

To think that he would actually be walked around by someone. This was simply too f*cking explosive!

If it wasn't for the fact that he knew that the blood jade couldn't have been taken away, that it couldn't have been opened, and that he hadn't sensed the aura of a phoenix from this human, he would have already attacked!

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded and told him everything that had happened without hiding anything.

"You said that not only did you enter the valley and pass through the gates guarded by many strange beasts, you even managed to enter the Phoenix Barrier. Furthermore, you managed to approach the Mythical Parasol Tree without being repelled. You even managed to find the Blood Jade within the tree?"

Bi Fang's emotions were extremely complicated.

Why was it completely different from what he had imagined!

One of the three supreme beings of their Fire Clan, the Phoenix. Even he was unable to enter the Phoenix Barrier without the guidance of his master. Yet, this human in front of him was able to charge straight in. What was this?

"Has the Spirit Calabash World been relocated?"

Bifang asked.

"Yes!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded. "The moment I walked out of that valley, there was nothing left of the original place!"

"That gourd-shaped valley is a small world that was refined using a Connate Gourd!"

Bi Fang said, "Since you are able to enter the world of the Spirit Calabash, it means that you are a fated person. I will not hide it from you. The blood jade is sealed with the supreme treasure of our Fire Clan. Even our God thinks highly of it. If you can remove the seal one day, you will definitely be able to obtain our friendship."

"Right now, the Seal of Blood Jade requires a very special key. However, I do not know what this key is. However, in the past hundred years, the world of the Spirit Calabash has descended upon this Wasteland of Death and absorbed the hot Earth Qi. This is absolutely true."

Qin Luo could not help but ask, "Is the world of the Spirit Calabash moving randomly in the Wasteland of Death?"

"That's not the case!" Bi Fang shook her head. "For the past hundred years, ever since the Spiritual Calabash World descended on the Wasteland of Death, it has been situated behind this volcano and above the core region of the flame vein. It has never changed. That's why I'm surprised. With your strength, it's definitely impossible for you to pass through my temporary residence and head into the depths of the Wasteland of Death. Then, the only explanation is that the Spiritual Calabash World moved on its own accord!"

No wonder!

Qin Luo nodded in understanding.

That valley, which was also the world of the Spirit Calabash, was the core area behind the Wasteland of Death. Furthermore, it had existed for a hundred years. In that case, it was very reasonable that there were at least a hundred or so level 80 Fourth Stage Epic Bosses inside!

"I have a question!" Qin Luo Sheng raised his hand as if he was a primary school student asking a question. When the Bifang's gaze came over, he signaled for approval and immediately asked, "There are many mutated beasts in the world of the Spirit Calabash. Why did they go there? Why didn't they enter the latter half, which is the part where the parasol tree exists?"

"Spiritual energy!"

The Bi Fang said, "The world of the Spirit Calabash is a world of its own. It was refined from a Connate Gourd. Even though it is damaged now and has lost a lot of its spiritual energy, it is still far from what the spiritual energy here can compare to! Most of those strange beasts are ancient mutated species with inheritances. Naturally, they can learn a lot of secrets from their ancestors' memories. Furthermore, even if they don't, the spiritual energy emitted from the Spirit Calabash World is like a lethal poison to them."

"Once you enter the world of the Spirit Gourd and absorb its spiritual energy, not only will you be able to cultivate twice as fast with half the effort, but you will also be able to strengthen your body and even evolve your bloodline. With so many benefits, who would give up?"