Chapter 870: Source: Divine Beast Of Fire, Bifang

Suppressing the intense heat, Qin Luo Sheng transformed into a rock climber and climbed the rocks in the opposite direction, climbing down.

An hour later!

Qin Luo finally landed steadily.

Qin Sheng looked at the river of lava in front of him, then at his burnt palm in silence!

He almost fell down several times just now. Fortunately, he had the [Spider Silk Launcher], which prevented him from directly bathing in the magma!

Also, as it went down, the temperature became higher. Previously, the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl was already insufficient. It was Xiaoxiao who used water magic to continuously lower his temperature. She continuously poured water on the rock wall to lower his temperature. She frantically protected him and succeeded!

"You've worked hard!"

Qin Sheng's heart ached a little as he looked at Xiaoxiao, whose breathing was a little disordered, lying weakly on his shoulder and closing her eyes tiredly to take a nap.

Only a talented dragon like Xiaoxiao could use large-scale water magic in a place like the volcano where water elements were extremely scarce. If it were any other existence, it would be considered a high realm if they could create a water ball!

Such a small ability was terrifying, and so was his resilience. Even so, he had finished the thousands of bottles of Advanced Magic Potions in his backpack. It could be seen how huge the consumption was!

"Rest well. Leave the rest to me!"

Qin Luo Sheng caressed Xiaoxiao and put her back into the pet space.

"Now, I'm the only one left!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and felt that the pungent smell had reached its peak. Even though he had adjusted the Absolute Spirit to its lowest level, there was still a suffocating and nauseating sulfur smell. He frowned and said, "It seems that we have to end this quickly!"

In a naturally disadvantaged environment, staying in there for too long meant certain death!

Qin Qin Sheng had put in so much effort not to seek abuse!

It would be great if he could solve the problem. If he couldn't, he would at least record the coordinates. The next time he made sufficient preparations and made a comeback, he would instantly arrive at his destination with a space jump. At that time, he would have a greater chance of winning if he fought again!

"I am here under the orders of Human Emperor. May I invite senior to appear? I have something to discuss with you!"

He held his breath for a moment, and then his voice resounded like thunder, and it resounded throughout the entire volcano.

"Who? Who dares to trespass into my residence?"

A violent and savage voice rang out, piercing Qin Sheng's eardrums.

Crash…

Without waiting for Qin Sheng's reply, the quiet magma volcano surged up in the next moment. The temperature that rose instantly was at least three times higher than when it was calm. Qin Sheng, who had been struggling to support himself, almost turned dry in such a resolute environment.

“Water Vein Impact!”

Qin Sheng's expression changed drastically as he watched the enormous figure emerge from the magma river while carrying the magma. He didn't care about the giant figure at all. He immediately unleashed the water elemental energy accumulated within the Spiritual Water Pearl at full power. He activated the impact of the water vein and wrapped himself in the vortex water to resist the terrifyingly high temperature.

"Water-type spiritual treasure? Interesting!"

The figure in the magma looked at Qin Luo's self-mutilating actions and said in a teasing tone, "No wonder you were able to enter my residence. It looks like you came prepared! The fire-resistance equipment all over your body and the Numinous treasure of the Pregnant Water can indeed withstand the high temperatures of this volcano. However, do you think you can do anything to me with this?"

"No, Senior has misunderstood!"

Upon hearing this voice filled with killing intent, Qin Luo hurriedly replied, "I am here on the orders of the Human Ruler to solve the problem of high temperatures in the past few years in Fengling Castle, a fortress not far from the Wasteland of Death!"

"Human Emperor?"

Qin Qin Sheng's words made the mysterious existence's violent killing intent temporarily retract.

The human race was now the overlord of heaven and earth, and the human emperor was the supreme among venerables. Even gods had to show some respect.

If they didn’t show any mercy and attacked the imperial envoy, then there would be enmity between them. Perhaps the next one to come would be a human expert. They might not be afraid, but it would be very troublesome!

"What does the high temperature have to do with me? Even Human Emperor can't slander me for no reason, right?"

Qin Luo immediately heaved a sigh of relief.

‘ I can talk.’

That was good.

He was afraid that if he met a hothead, he would fire a fireball at him without hesitation!

Should he fight or not?

Fight.

I don't think I can win in a place like this!

No fighting.

If he couldn't solve the problem, wouldn't all his efforts over the past few days be in vain?

If he did not solve this root problem, no matter how perfect the construction of the Sealing Ridge Fortress was, it would be a waste. When he submitted the mission forcefully, not only would the reward be huge, but it would also leave a bad impression on the emperor.

If he hadn't hugged Qin Luo's f*cking thigh, he would definitely have vomited three liters of blood!

"It's like this!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was respectful, but he slowly raised his head. As he raised his head, he said, "About four years ago, the environment of the Wasteland of Death worsened further, and the temperature rose rapidly. There were seniors from my human race who came to investigate, but they only found a feather with dense fire elements in many places. The source of this feather was Senior's residence, this volcano!"

F*ck!

After saying that, Qin Sheng finally raised his head and saw the face of the so-called senior who had flown out of the lava!

It was shaped like a red-crowned crane. It had a foot, blue body, red spots, and a white beak. It was bathed in flames. Above its head, the spirit fire was burning brightly as though it was alive!

This style!

Others might be unfamiliar to him, but for someone who loved the ancient Chinese civilization, especially the Mountain and Sea Scripture written by the ancient sages, Qin Sheng, who was very familiar with it, he recognized this fellow at a glance.

Bifang!

Divine Bird Bifang!

The legendary Fire Bird, the messenger of the Fire God!

"Four years ago? Wasn't that when I descended here?"

Bifang muttered. “Could it be that it’s really because of me that this region suffered calamity?”

Qin Sheng:…

Damn it!

So even you don't know?

You are a Bifang [1. Bifang is a Japanese term for Bifang], which represents the omen of a great fire. Wherever you go, even if you don't travel thousands of miles in the scarlet land, at least the temperature will rise rapidly and greatly affect the environment, right?

Passing by would have a great impact, let alone spending four years in this active volcano. Four years, damn it!

If not for the fact that this active volcano was a little far from Sealing Ridge Fortress, it would not be as simple as four years of drought and high temperatures. It would have long f * * king become a living hell, a nation of flames!

"Human, go back!" Without waiting for Qin Sheng to let his imagination run wild for a long time, Bi Fang spoke. "I already know about what you said. Go back and report to the Human Ruler that I have important matters to attend to. I'm here under orders that I have my duties and cannot leave. However, from today onwards, I will restrain myself a little and won't affect your human city!"