Chapter 880: General Rank, Earl Rank

Now.

The third-promotion mission was broadcasted live and he had already achieved his goal!

And he did not continue to strike while the iron was hot. That was because a persona like Weeping Soul Beast could never go down the pro-personal path. It had to maintain its mysteriousness!

Besides.

The live broadcast was too frequent. Even if he could produce unique content every day, it would easily make the audience feel tired.

To the end.

Not all the players were combat-type players. They were very interested in him and even respected him.

Many of the audience had only come because of his fame. They were just curious after hearing his ID.

Once the novelty wore off, it was easily abandoned.

For the sake of better development, it was the best to let loose a long line to catch a big fish. The only reason he was giving up now was for the sake of returning better in the future!

‘ Of course.’

The main reason he had given so many excuses was still Qin Luo. Indeed, he was not used to doing anything under the watchful eyes of others. He had no privacy at all.

Besides.

In order to maintain the image of Weeping Soul Beast, he had no choice but to suppress his true nature. He had to constantly pretend to be an expert, and he had almost been tortured to death.

If it was just a day or two, he could still tolerate it!

If this continued, it would drive people crazy!

"Forget it, what's the point of thinking so much? I'm a Buddhist streamer to begin with, and signing a contract with the official platform is also a live broadcast of the Class Advancement Mission. Now, I can do whatever I want. I won't break my heart or my contract. Who can do anything to me?"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and tossed the matter of the official sincere invitation to sign the contract countless times to the back of his mind.

Live-streaming was just an occasional act of interest and fulfillment.

Game and strength, this was the way to go!

"Come, come, come. Let's see how the rewards are. After working so hard for so long, you even rejected a date with a beautiful woman. It took Boss a lot of effort to settle it. If you don't achieve your expectations, don't blame me for cursing!"

Qin Luo Sheng excitedly began to clean up his spoils.

The rewards were placed aside.

Qin Luo Sheng opened his stats window first!

He took a glance at his increased stats and the LV58. It was awesome!

Then…

[Military rank: Divine Might General (Grade Five)]: A mixed-ranked general of the Great Xia Empire. Special privilege: Divine Might General's Seal. Under special circumstances, you can mobilize no more than 500 soldiers to fight for you! Attack + 20%, Critical Hit Chance + 20%, Penetration Rate + 20%, Speed + 20%. This effect will double when used against the enemy camp of the Great Xia Empire!

[Great Xia Empire: Earl]: Great Xia Empire's Earl, has special privileges: If you don't pay respects to the officials, all the official shops in the Great Xia Empire will have a 20% discount. Gain 30% EXP in the Great Xia Empire, + 30% Gold Coin drop rate, + 15% Equipment drop rate!

Hiya.

He had finally become a general. Even if he was just a random general, wasn't he still a general?

This was a f*cking fifth-grade!

The title had changed, and the effect gained had also increased. Not only had it doubled, but the number of soldiers they had mobilized had also increased from 200 to 500. In the future, if they had the chance to bring these 500 lackeys out for a stroll, the scene would definitely be very flashy!

It was the same for his rank!

It was very rare for a viscount to become a count!

It could be said.

Starting from the Earl, one could truly be considered to have entered the circle of nobility!

A baron or viscount was a first-rate figure. They were completely insignificant characters!

"The emperor and the general are really interesting!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very satisfied.

Even if there were no other rewards, he was satisfied with these two!

Besides.

There was even a reward of 100,000 contribution points. It was simply awesome.

Military exploits were good things. Real good things could be exchanged for treasures in the armory!

"I'll go to the Armory later. There are too many good things there. It's torture for someone like me who has difficulty choosing!"

When Qin Qin Sheng thought of that coveted list of treasures in the Armory, his expression turned ugly.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

Patting her cheeks, she pulled herself together.

He continued to check the spoils of war.

Random Skill Books, random equipment, two blueprints, two formulas, and two scrolls!

This was the reward for all items!

He looked at the equipment first.

It was an ordinary Level 50 Gold equipment. Miraculously, Starlight had leveled up. It did not skip levels and became an Epic!

Trash.

He would put them in his backpack and sell them in Hidden Dragon Pavilion later. He would then open the store in the royal capital and increase its popularity!

Skill Book.

Gold rank [Strength Restoring Strike] had evolved into an Epic skill!

its effect.

It was similar to the Heaven-Splitting Slash!

However, the destructive power was worlds apart.

‘ Of course.’

One of the advantages of a charged attack was that there were no side effects.

After all.

The Heaven Crushing Strike was powerful, but after using it, one would fall into a weak state. This was a fatal flaw.

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo did not take a fancy to this skill.

Even though he was a Berserker, due to his strong attributes and the numerous augmentation skills, his attributes were even more explosive. Hence, he was more inclined to be a normal A-class Berserker who could defeat ten guilds by himself. He was not the type who relied on skills to make a living!

It would have been fine if it was an ordinary skill. However, the prerequisite for this charged-up attack was that it had to be charged for five seconds before it could be used. The effect looked outstanding, but not to mention the Sky Slash, even the Holy Dragon Sword's [Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash] was far inferior!

It was useless!

What was the use of having it?

Sold! Sold!

Wouldn't it be nice to use it to blackmail someone for money?

Blueprints and formulas were also quite standard, at least in Qin Sheng's eyes.

‘ Of course.’

It was not that Qin Luo Sheng did not have discerning eyes. Naturally, he knew that he was completely different from the ordinary person!

The blueprints and formulas, the equipment forged and the elixirs refined were not bad. How bad could a Gold rank be?

Qin Sheng was the only one who looked down on Gold equipment. Normal players would be proud to have a Gold equipment if they were to mix with each other!

Logically speaking, the production of Gold equipment was not low. However, with such a large number of players, it would be very awkward. The ratio was very small!

How much could a blueprint that could be mass-produced for Gold equipment be sold for?

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

But someone understood!

He immediately sent the blueprints and formulas to the person in charge of operations. Instantly, Qin Sheng was bombarded with messages!

He quietly took the communicator away from his ear. The incoherent sound wave attack inside was now smaller.

"You know how to operate it!"

This belonged to Qin Luo alone. It was no longer the original three to seven points of profit, but one to nine. Sanguine Primrose, who was part of the operations team, would receive 10% of the operating fees.

Before.

Perhaps Qin Luo still had the time to learn on his own. By piling up his proficiency in the art of weapon refinement, he could also mass produce Gold equipment and earn a huge sum.

But now.

It was different now.

Money was useless!

Did Qin Luo lack money?

What a waste of time!

As for the elixir formulas, the elixirs that he refined were not bad either. It was a pity that he did not have the capability to do so. It was better for him to spend money to buy them when others sold the finished products.

Hand it over to Mengmeng?

Forget it!

How could a Great Herbalist like Mengmeng be interested in a gold-grade formula?

If he had the time, he might as well gather more Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison!