Chapter 886: Fist Into Flesh, Invincible Sweep (3)

One punch!

Another punch followed!

The two prostitutes at the entrance of the Hall of Dust were instantly killed by Qin Sheng's ruthless and merciless methods!

It was merely tens of thousands of health points. Even if it was stronger than the Black Wind Village Patrol, it was still not Qin Sheng's opponent. A normal A like Qin Sheng was the opponent of a Demon King with more than 200,000 damage!

"Tsk, what a waste!"

Looking at the cold-blooded and heartless girl who had just killed two beautiful girls, there was no fluctuation in his heart. He did not even pause in his steps as he continued to search for other victims. The seven men in the team could not help but look at the corpse lying on the ground. Her clothes were untidy, revealing her snow-white thighs and exquisite collarbone. They secretly sighed in pity.

Except.

What was the meaning of squatting down in excitement?

Licking her bag with tears in her eyes?

Ahem.

He was probably picking up equipment tearfully!

They walked on.

With the guidance of an old driver who had come here a few times, Qin Sheng did not take the wrong path. Instead, he headed straight for the location of the boss guarding the Hall of Dust!

[Yang Hua (Gold Boss)]

Level: 30

Health Points: 100,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 7800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 2,500

Speed: 5000

Skills: [Charming Secret Technique] [Ultimate Poison Backstab] [Crazy Dance]

Weakness: None

Introduction: The head of the Fengshui Hall of the Black Wind Stronghold specializes in intelligence. The mistress of the chief of the Black Wind Stronghold. She is extremely beautiful and intelligent. She was once the daughter of an official's family. Her family was framed and she was defeated. After being rescued by the chief of the Black Wind Stronghold, she became his trusted aide. She is vicious and merciless, especially when it comes to corrupting officials. (Is this a sensitive term?) She is even more ruthless!

To skip the black metal, bronze and silver, and instantly reach the gold level?

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the cold and unparalleled woman before him, yet it was still unable to conceal her peerless beauty. Her real name was unknown, but her stage name was Yang Hua. She was like an ancient well without ripples.

The information that the Heavenly Eye saw was indeed a little tragic!

The daughter of an official was originally a noble and wealthy woman, but she suffered a great change and was reduced to dirt overnight, becoming a prostitute in a brothel. Such an encounter was truly regretful. Moreover, this was caused by a political enemy!

This was also why after being saved by a bandit boss, he didn’t hesitate to degenerate into darkness, becoming cruel and merciless. To ordinary people, he was like a member of a bandit’s nest that was purgatory, doing all kinds of bad things!

Flowering flowers!

Flirtatious!

The name was just as it was intended!

This name represented her will!

He’d completely bid farewell to the past and used this extremely insulting name as his name, and it was just like the scar on a man’s body. He used it to constantly remind himself to never forget a blood feud!

"Yo, little brother, you look unfamiliar. Are you my former benefactor? Hehehehe…"

When she saw Qin Luo forcing his way into the room, Yanghua covered her mouth and giggled coquettishly. The allure that was displayed through her charm and body made one's blood boil.

"Although I have already left the mortal world and am no longer a good person, but since little brother thinks so highly of me and is so infatuated with me, how can I let down your good intentions?"

As he spoke.

Yang Hua smiled as she took off the veil on her body, revealing a large area of snow-white skin. If not for the undergarments on her body, this f*cking game would have been 404.

Still.

This was not much better!

Apart from her undergarments, she was completely naked.

This scene.

Apart from Qin Shuang'er, Qin Shuang'er, and Vicious the Great Emperor, the other seven men were all staring at her. They almost drooled!

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng was the same as the other men. It did not mean that he was a fool, but it proved that he was also a man, a normal man, and nothing more. Hence, he only admired for a moment before retracting the lust in his eyes and calming his heart down. He looked at the beautiful figure that was still displaying herself without leaving a trace. Borrowing the charm of the blooming flower, he sneered, "This charm technique, among the people I've seen, you can be ranked in the top three. To be able to reach such a state as an ordinary woman, you're truly extraordinary!"

No matter how honest Qin Qin Sheng was, he was still boasting!

The truth was, just as he had said, the bewitching technique of Yang Hua was truly ferocious. Apart from the Luan Snake and Qin Sheng, there was no one else who could firmly suppress her!

He was just bragging. He had also fallen into a huge trap. However, with the existence of [Courage], he was not under the control of the mind. As a result, he naturally dispelled Yang Hua's charm technique and woke him up from his addiction.

Yeah.

In short,

Qin Luo Sheng was also a f*cking LSP. The reason he was able to get out of this predicament was not because of how strong his mental state was or how high his resistance to beauty was, but entirely because he relied on external objects!

"Young Master, why do you say that? I'm completely infatuated with you, but I admire your beauty like jade, like an immortal from the heavens. I want to go to Mount Wu with you and have sex with you. I don't dare to ask for too much."

Yang Hua's face was instantly filled with sorrow. That beauty's tearful and miserable look was really pitiful, making one's heart ache to death!

This…

The few idiots behind him fell for it.

Without another word, he drew his sword and charged towards Qin Sheng.

Good Lord.

What the f*ck! Each and every one of his words was breathtaking, causing his teammates to start stabbing him in the back. This charm technique was simply awesome!

"Sigh!"

With a slight sigh, Qin Luo Sheng looked at Yang Hua righteously and "glared" at her a few times. After taking a good look at her, he said, "If it was a normal team, they might have really been wiped out by this move of yours. Or perhaps, under the Abyss Mode, your charm techniques would be even more brilliant and have a better effect. Unfortunately, you're too weak while I'm too strong."

Yang Hua was stunned!

Without waiting for Yang Hua to continue bewitching Qin Luo, Qin Sheng continued, "You've been mistaken about one thing from the beginning to the end. You spent so much effort to charm these idiots, but it was actually useless. Because they were originally just idle spectators!"

Yang Hua:???

What did it mean to be a bystander?

Yang Hua really wanted to ask this question.

Yet.

There was no chance!

Qin Sheng, who had been in front of her a moment ago, had already disappeared. As the afterimages dissipated in his pupils, an incomparably powerful force instantly enveloped the flying flower.

She turned her head with difficulty.

Yang Hua looked at the handsome young man. She did not know when he had changed into a different person. His eyes were cold and emotionless, and his face was cold and unparalleled. The metal fist that he raised was filled with treacherous and ominous gloves. It gave her an aura of death!

“Heaven Shaking… Fist!”

The fist strike caused the wind and clouds to change color!

The fist named "Heaven Shaking" shook the entire Hall of Dust.

There was no surprise.

An incomparably violent punch landed accurately on the targeted Yang Hua.

How weak was a Level 30 Gold Boss?

-2084000!

——————

Author's Note: [Sky Quaking Fist] Special Skill: Gather all your strength and activate it on a single target, causing 1000% damage. Additionally, there is a 100% serious injury effect, slight destruction effect, 100% knockback effect, 80% knock-down effect, and 50% knock-up effect! Cooldown time: 24 hours! (After using this skill, there will be 1 hour of power depletion time, and the power will be forcibly reduced to 1 point!)