Chapter 884: Fist Into Flesh, Invincible Sweep (1)

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng had always been a straight-A student. If he had not been framed by Li Ru and Lin Mingzhou, this adulterous couple, perhaps he would have been the top scholar in the college entrance examination. In addition, due to the dimension of fate, he had evolved. Other than his body, his brain had also been further developed. Naturally, he had thought things through in an instant.

Sigh!

Indeed.

Food and sex were natural!

This had been the case since ancient times.

This was especially true for young people. At this age, they were indeed at the stage where they were jealous of each other!

Li Zimu did not seem to be on good terms with his little brother at first glance. Part of the reason was that he was already like this. However, the more reason was that the girl with the voluptuous figure should be the one. Both of them had their own thoughts, so they assumed that they had underestimated their enemy!

Yet.

The king has the heart, the goddess has no dreams!

One look and you could tell that she was a green tea. She was the kind of girl who kept men hanging and had Bei Tai number 1 to 100 on her phone. How could she be restrained by you two kids?

They were not on the same level at all. They would have to suffer in the future!

“What Ben?”

Qin Luo Sheng did not expose her either. After all, this woman had disguised herself too well and had a deep impression in the hearts of others. How could she be swayed by just a few words?

Besides.

What did her scheming have to do with him?

As long as they did not provoke him, what did it have to do with him?

As for his own little brother!

So be it!

If a man did not experience more, how could he grow?

It was a rebellious stage to begin with. The more you lectured, the more he wouldn't stop. It was better to let him do whatever he wanted. He had been tricked, suffered, cheated, and in pain, he would naturally understand. He understood, he understood!

"Level 25 dungeon, Black Wind Village!"

Her sister Shuang'er hurriedly said, "We've already cleared the difficult mode for this dungeon, but the Nightmare mode is too difficult. Yesterday, we were completely wiped out three times, and we had to drop from Level 26 to Level 25. Just now, we were wiped out again, and if we die again, we'll drop to Level 24, and we won't even be able to enter the dungeon anymore. That's why I wanted to find you to help us!"

Qin Luo understood in a second!

These guys really wanted to challenge Nightmare Difficulty!

Even though the difficulty level of Nightmare was like eating and drinking, for normal players, the difficulty level was difficult to deal with, not to mention Nightmare, it was something that even first-rate players could easily suffer!

"Alright, pull me into the team!"

It was just a small level 25 dungeon. Qin Sheng could pass it even with his eyes closed. He did not want to waste too much time here. He was still waiting to go to the level 50 dungeon and snatch the reward!

Ding… Player Ye Tiandi has invited you to join the team. Do you agree? '

‘ What?’

Qin Qin Sheng was almost stunned!

Ye Tiandi?

Did I hear wrongly?

"Agreed!"

He quickly agreed to join the team!

Then.

He pulled the team apart to take a look.

She froze instantly.

Good Lord.

Damn!

Captain: Celestial Emperor Ye!

Team members: Vicious' Great Emperor, Infinite Emperor, Desolate Heavenly Emperor, Azure Supreme Thearch…

Damn it!

Are you transmigrators too?

From Earth?

Old pal!

Immersed in his thoughts, Qin Sheng logged on to the internet and searched directly!

Damn!

A false alarm.

It turned out that Lan Xing also had a novel called "One Hand Cover Sky"!

Tsk!

Search again.

Yeah.

Not as good as "All Professional Experts"!

Desert Dust's ID could be used to act cool!

Wonderful ~

"F*ck, a Level 49 boss?"

"King of Fighters? King of Fighters! Did you see that? Hidden job!"

"Idiot, did you only see it now? When he came, although the light from his equipment was dimmed, I could clearly see the enhanced light surrounding him!"

"Tsk! The weapon is surrounded by purple light. Isn't that the manifestation of Enhancement + 10?"

"I'm an R. This is a big shot, a real big shot!"

"Li Ziming, is this the brother of your so-called rural classmate?"

"As expected, a dog can't change its habit of eating shit. This is a f*cking rural person. Then, is the village called Huaxi Village?"

"…"

Qin Luo joined the team.

That bright—

Team member: ID: Desert Dust, Class: King of Fighting, Level: Level 49!

In an instant, a group of level 25-30 kids reached the climax!

Especially that Archer girl with a voluptuous figure, Shuang'er's best friend, Li Zimu and Little Zhen's crush, ID Meiyan, and LV28. Her already watery eyes were practically overflowing with honey!

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng would not waste his time with a group of children. If not for his younger brother and younger sister begging him, he would not waste his time here.

Now that he was in the team, he had to settle it quickly and then retreat to do his own thing.

"…"

Qin Sheng was a little impatient as he looked at the group of people trying to get close to him. However, he was afraid that he would hurt his younger siblings' friends and cause them to be rejected, so he only frowned slightly and did not say anything!

"Enter! Enter!"

The group of people were all around 18 years old, and the youngest underling was about 15 years old. He was 16 years old and already an adult. Even though he had not left the ivory tower, his IQ was still alright. Those at too high a level would not be able to observe his facial expressions. Basically, he was like Qin Sheng who was in a rage. One could still tell that Captain Ye quickly chose the dungeons and difficulty level and advanced.

"Brother, this Black Wind Village…"

As soon as they entered the dungeon, the lackeys started chattering, wanting to introduce the key points of the dungeon.

"Cut the crap and just push him away!"

Qin Luo Sheng said indifferently. He did not care about the expressions of the nine people behind him. He took the lead and took a step forward. Like a boorish man, he charged straight towards the burly bandit wielding a large axe.

[Black Wind Village Patrol Guard (Enhanced 1-star Elite)]

Level: 25

Health: 25,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3200

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 2000

Magic Defense: 800

Speed: 1,500

Skill: [Mount Hua Strike]

Weakness: None

Introduction: A patrol guard of the Black Wind Village. He is strong and can easily swing a 50-kilogram axe. He is cruel and violent. He likes to split people with his axe.

With a sweep of his Heavenly Eye, the attributes of the burly man holding the axe were immediately reflected in Qin Sheng's eyes!

Trash!

A Level 25 One Star Elite with a weak HP of 25,000 points and a Defense of less than 2,000 points. Was this f*cking weak attribute enough for him to punch?

Sigh!

Unfortunately, back when he was at this level, the instance dungeon system had not been opened yet. Now that the level had exceeded too much, even if there were no restrictions to entering the instance dungeon, the drop rate was crazily high. The unique guild and individual first clear reward were no longer available. Who would still be interested?

"Who are you? How dare you trespass into Black Wind Village? Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng strutted straight up. Who could not see him as long as they were not blind?

The ax-wielding Black Wind Village patrol guard discovered him immediately. He was furious and overjoyed at the same time. His eyes shone with a bloodthirsty glint as he lifted his ax and prepared to come over to see blood.

"Trash! Trying to act cool in front of me?"

Qin Qin Sheng almost burst out laughing.

Without another word.

With his extraordinary speed, he moved forward and left afterimages in his wake. He easily made the Black Wind Village patrol guard, who was watching with all his might, feel lonely. He could not control his strength and almost fell to the ground!

Bang…

He punched out lightly.

The Abyssal Hands, which was at the Mythical level and strengthened by + 10, was extremely powerful. With Qin Sheng's abnormal attribute enhancement, even if there was no enhancement, and this was just a normal punch and a flat A, the result was—

Explosion!

-2,48500!

Ye Tiandi:???

Vicious' emperor:???

The Unfettered Emperor:???

The Desolate Heaven Empyrean:???

Azure Supreme Thearch:???

Meiyan:???

Zimu:???

Frost:???

Half-City Smoke Sand:???