Chapter 881: Rule-Level Ability, Duplication Scroll

[Fusion Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Fusion

Introduction: A scroll that possesses mystical powers. It can fuse any equipment or item, as well as special existences!

"Tsk tsk, another integration scroll?"

Qin Luo Sheng was both surprised.

Fusion Scroll.

He had obtained one before!

Although it was repeated now, it didn't matter. Three question marks of this grade would never be too many!

Except.

At the moment, there was no chance for him to use this scroll. He could only wait for the right time to read it in the future!

[Replication Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Cloning

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers can replicate any equipment or item!

"Hiss…"

Qin Qin sucked in a cold breath.

If the fusion scroll was a surprise, then the replication scroll was a shock!

It was simply too hardcore!

No more bullsh * t. Under the simple effects, what was hidden was a Rule-level ability. It could be called a BUG!

Besides.

This grade was also three question marks.

It was equivalent to having no limits!

In other words.

As long as Qin Sheng was willing, he could replicate a Mythical equipment at any time. As long as he had his template, he could immediately transform one into two!

"Keep it well! Keep it well! This is the most precious treasure!"

Such a freakish scroll was definitely the biggest reward for this mission. It was still alright now, but if it reached the later stages of the game, the value of this scroll would be equivalent to all the other rewards for this SSS mission!

"Although the item doesn't need to be used, it would appear worthless. It's just like money. If I don't spend it and let it rot, the meaning would cease to exist. However, this duplicate scroll is really too much of a bug. Even the secondary Mythical equipment would be a waste!"

That's right.

This was the tone that Qin Sheng had set for the duplication scroll.

It.

It was just that impressive!

Mythical equipment?

What was the use!

As long as it was equipment, there would be a day when they would be eliminated. Unless they were upgraded to the max level of LV100, the best Mythical equipment, they might still have some qualifications!

Equipment, for a hacker like Qin Sheng, even if it was not the lowest level, it was definitely not the highest priority!

Compared to the fast-changing equipment, wasn't it better to replicate BUG-level items?

For example, the embrace of the Death God, the Spiritual Water Pearl, and so on!

“I want to see just what is worthy of this scroll!”

…

Back in the imperial city.

Qin Luo Sheng carefully placed all the treasures from the secret chamber of the Luo Shen Residence in Starlight City, including the duplicate scroll, into his new residence!

From now on.

The Imperial City was the main activity area!

“Mengmeng, Damo, don’t get busy. Let’s go get Luo Li and have some fun together.”

After completing his third-promotion mission, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief. Recalling the time he had spent in the encirclement of the Furious Bears Ridge until now, he felt a little guilty for owing them.

Taking advantage of the fact that there were only two or three big cats and no one to disturb them, they went out to play happily. Wouldn't that be perfect?

Previously, although it was considered a tour of the Imperial City, at that time, his goal was to search for hidden shops, loot special items, accept hidden missions, and gather wool. He was just taking a stroll and had no intention to appreciate the beauty of this magnificent city!

Besides.

How could it be compared to strolling around alone and having fun with three beauties?

"Really? That's great!"

Initially, Mengmeng and Damask were still rather unhappy that Qin Sheng had dragged them out of the secret chamber and delayed the refinement of medicine and tailoring clothes. However, they were instantly excited when they heard Qin Sheng's words.

"Then let's go get changed first!"

As he spoke.

The two girls rushed to their room excitedly.

Ever since Qin Luo had interacted with them last time, as his employer and maid, they had naturally followed him back here.

It was the same for Luo Li.

After all.

The place where they lived before was the royal residence, the property of the emperor!

Although Luo Li also had a place to stay, her father, Luo Lin, lived in the Imperial City of Starlight City. It was cold and cheerless. Aside from the servants that looked after the house, there was no one else. Only her two good sisters lived in Luo Shen’s Imperial City!

However, Luo Lin was different from Mengmeng and Damask. As the commander of the Rose Knight Legion, he had military duties and military affairs. It was impossible for him to stay at home every day. Occasionally, he would have to go to the barracks to take a look. When he had missions, he had to complete them!

"Let me see, how many people are left in the Royal City?”

Qin Luo Sheng opened up the official website's live broadcast panel. At the same time, he opened up other major live broadcast platforms!

There was no need to search.

The most popular page would definitely have a live broadcast related to the Imperial City or Sealing Ridge Fortress!

It had to be said.

Even those big forces, in order to advertise for their own mercenary corps, gangs, and business groups, all the familiar ID big shots "went into the sea" and started live-streams to gain popularity and attention.

Although it was not absolute, a large number of people did it!

‘ Of course.’

Legends like East Imperial and Martial Emperor existed. Naturally, they wouldn't reveal themselves so easily. That would be too degrading.

"Fortunately, there aren't many people left!"

He glanced at Qin Luo and immediately understood.

Right now, the only ones who were in the Imperial City were the merchants who had obtained special return scrolls. As for the rest, even if they were teleported to the Imperial City as soon as possible, after purchasing the shops, they would rush to Sealed Mountain Fortress without stopping to meet up with their own Wasteland Reclaimers. Or they would simply search for leveling areas in the surroundings and charge towards Level 50 to obtain the qualifications to officially stay in the Imperial City. They would not continue to be a "foreigner"!

"Well, that's all!"

Originally, there were only 200 slots. Other than the 100 players from the Sealed Mountain Fortress, there were only 100 players from the Imperial City. Such a small number was nothing in the huge Imperial City.

Besides.

Most of these people were acquaintances. It did not matter even if they were seen.

However, Qin Sheng did not want to be disturbed. If anyone was foolish enough to use him as a livestream, it would indeed be quite unpleasant!

"Let's go! Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng chuckled as he brought the two chicks over to the military camp first. He brought the valiant-looking Luo Li, who was wearing a military uniform with a rose symbol embroidered on it, away. The four of them left happy footprints in the noisy and bustling Imperial City!

The nature of shopping for women was magnified crazily under Qin Sheng's lead. Fortunately, this was a fantasy world and there was a backpack. Otherwise, Qin Sheng, who had spent more than 10 million gold coins, would not have been able to carry so many goods even if he died of exhaustion!

After shopping, more than six hours had passed!

When they were tired of shopping and hungry from shopping, the group naturally arrived at Food Immortal and prepared to have a good meal!