Chapter 887: Dungeon, Taoist Temple (1)

-2084000!

A seven-digit damage number appeared above his head!

The damage from one punch was enough to kill 20 flying flowers!

Bang…

There was a loud explosion.

The flirtatious body of Yang Hua exploded under Qin Sheng's fist. The white jade-like beauty was still there a second ago, but in the next second, it had turned into a pile of corpses. Fresh blood flowed and stained the valuable soft blanket!

Instantly.

The other six men, who had been bewitched by Yang Hua's charm, woke up!

Urgh…

Including the three girls, the first reaction of the nine people was to turn sideways or backward. Some even bent down on the spot and started retching!

Even in this virtual world, when had a flower in a greenhouse ever seen such a brutal and bloody scene?

Even though the monsters they usually fought were far more ferocious and terrifying than the blooming flowers, they had never seen such an impactful and horrifying death scene. After all, for the sake of harmony and mental health, a battle in data form was not scary!

Yet.

This was nothing for Qin Sheng!

The Abyssal Hands and the Sky Quaking Fist, a Mythical equipment with special powers, and a powerful skill with special effects!

By combining the two, it was naturally easy to break through the system’s shielding!

Qin Sheng had not used all his strength in his punch to dismember the corpse. If it had been for real, the corpse would not have been strewn all over the ground, but would have turned into minced meat instantly!

"Pack up and prepare for the next area!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned as he looked at the few burdens that were retching. A flash of impatience passed through his eyes, but he did not say anything. He only said one sentence and then clicked on the teleportation array that had been refreshed after the death of Yang Hua, the guardian BOSS. He directly teleported back to the village entrance.

After a while.

After a few flashes of light, the nine children, who had finally recovered a little of their mental state, tidied up the hell-like ground, picked up the spoils of war, and teleported out.

"Where is he?"

Looking at the empty entrance of the stockade, the few of them looked at each other in shock and dismay!

"Over there!"

He opened the team channel and looked at the active point in the nearby area. Captain Ye Tiandi helplessly pointed over.

"So this is an expert? Indeed, he's on a completely different level from newbies like us. Regardless of strength or anything else!"

Someone in the team sighed.

Instantly.

Silence.

The scene just now was too impactful for them who had just stepped into society!

It was especially so for Qin Sheng's cold and merciless gaze. His cruel and ruthless methods had thoroughly intimidated them!

This was not just a disparity in strength, but also a difference in mental state and values!

"Let's go!"

The chaotic crowd could not think of anything. The oldest and most mature Ye Tiandi silently said a few words and finally gave a direction. He led the group of children who were thinking about something towards Qin Sheng's direction.

Flying Dragon Hall!

It belonged to one of the five branches of the Black Wind Village, the Division Battle!

The members of the Flying Dragon Hall were all combat elites. The weakest of them was a three-star elite. Among them, the leader was first-rate and the weakest was a bronze Boss!

Unfortunately.

The absolute suppression of rank, in addition to the absolute suppression of strength, the so-called combat elites were nothing more than a joke. Qin Luo Sheng had even transformed into a haired Saitama teacher with a punch, killing his way through step by step!

By the time the nine salted fish arrived, Qin Luo Sheng had already arrived in front of the Boss!

Level 31 Gold-tier Boss, Flying Dragon Hall's Hall Leader—Frenzied Sword Li Yuan!

Compared to the half-assed intelligence reports of Yang Hua, Frenzied Sword Li Yuan's combat ability was at least doubled!

"How bold of you to barge into the Black Wind Village. Brat, are you tired of living? Do you want me to send you to paradise for free?"

If he said the most vicious words, he would suffer the most vicious beating!

He was referring to Li Yuan!

As soon as he said this, he responded to Qin Luo's ordinary punch!

Crack!

In the end, he was still the hall master of the Battle Hall. Li Yuankuang's words did not contradict him, but he was not shooting his mouth off. He still had some ability to back it up. Under Qin Sheng's rapid punches, he could not counterattack, so he drew his saber to block.

With that, Lee Yuan's death was delayed, allowing him to live another second!

There should be a Gold Grade saber. Even though it was easily interrupted by the Abyss, the damage that should have been 100% reduced by half!

"Who… who are you?"

Li Yuan was no longer arrogant.

He wasn't an idiot. He had just experienced it himself, so he naturally knew what Qin Sheng's punch represented!

This meant that even if he was the master’s chief, he was far from being this ridiculously young youth’s opponent!

The Black Wind Village, which was reputed to be impenetrable, was like a garden in his eyes. No one could stop him!

"Go to hell and ask the King of Hell!"

It was Qin Luo who answered Li Yuan's question with another punch.

This time, Li Yuan, who was already half-dead, lost his life without the help of the saber!

"Teleport!"

Without even looking at the spoils of war shimmering with starlight all over the ground, Qin Sheng clicked on the teleportation array and teleported back to the entrance of the village.

Before the nine salted fishes could see the Boss clearly, they heard the notification from the system. A huge amount of EXP was instantly transferred to their account. What they saw was the dazzling golden equipment!

Next.

The other three halls had also been easily destroyed by Qin Sheng!

Use time.

Less than ten minutes!

Eight of the minutes were spent on the road. The real battle took less than two minutes!

Godly speed!

Five branches were broken.

The entrance of Black Wind Village was wide open, and the core area was exposed.

“Mm? Dungeon?”

Behind the branch hall was not a more magnificent building, but a dungeon.

"Brother, there is indeed a dungeon behind this!"

Upon seeing Qin Luo look over, Qin Luo, who had received a great shock in such a short period of time, felt his heart tremble. He said somewhat fearfully, "This is the final hurdle of the Nightmare Mode!"

"Then let's go!"

Qin Luo said and turned to leave.

In the dungeon.

It was eerie and dark, and only the torches around the walls could illuminate it. In the weak light, the dungeon seemed even more terrifying!

Qin Luo Sheng had both the Heavenly Eye and the Sacred Dragon Crown. His night vision was not afraid of the darkness at all, so it was nothing much.

Although the visibility of the nine salted fish at the back was low and they were a little scared in this environment, with Qin Sheng around, there was nothing wrong with following the big boss.

The dungeon was completely different from the outside world!

The monsters inside weren’t single, but rather mixed.

There were normal patrolling guards, poisonous flying centipedes, and hidden assault beasts…

"How long until we reach the boss?"

To Qin Sheng, the monsters were still a matter of a single punch. However, there were too many monsters, which indeed made him a little irritated. This dungeon was like a maze, with seven bends and eighteen turns. If it wasn't for the fact that the area was different from the monsters, Qin Sheng would have suspected that he had been running in circles.