Chapter 882: Fist Emperor Desert Dust, Applying To Fight (1)

That's right.

The imperial city’s Food Immortal also opened for business.

Through Luo Li’s connections, Qin Sheng had spent a lot of money to poach three master chefs.

One of them was in Restaurant No. 1, which was the small three-story building that was very close to the resurrection point due to the large crowd!

The other two were placed in Restaurant No. 2, which was adjacent to the imperial palace. They were located in various administrative offices, like the Six Divisions, not far from the Grand Court!

To those high-ranking officials and nobles, not everyone was a glutton, but they were definitely experienced and knowledgeable. Their mouths were very picky!

If he wanted to do business with these people, he had to have some skills!

Where did the competitiveness of eating as an immortal come from?

Other than the superb location, there were better ingredients!

Yes!

The immortal food was all Qin Luo's medium-grade spirit beast meat and demon beast meat from the world of the gourd!

Even the high-ranking officials of the Imperial City would not be able to resist such a supreme item!

After all.

This was the meat of a mutated beast. It was rarely seen!

Besides.

The source of the mutated beasts' meat was at least level 80 Epic!

Strength meant that one's physical body was strong, and one's spirit was high. Naturally, one's flesh would be more delicious, and at the same time, it would possess a unique effect. Who wouldn't go insane?

Besides.

In order to open up the market, Qin Luo Sheng had intercepted high-end meat, second only to the best part that he had kept for himself to enjoy. It was much better than the food from the nine main cities that were sold to players as branch restaurants!

"Call the fortune-teller over!"

As the boss, Qin Sheng was naturally given preferential treatment. Even though the main hall and private rooms were already full, the special private rooms that were not open to the public were not open to anyone unless he agreed.

The NPC manager, who was hired with a high salary, left respectfully. Soon, two master chefs who were busy cooking in the kitchen arrived!

"Boss!"

Although these chefs had their own pride, they couldn’t afford to offend Luo Li.

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng was now an Earl and had a rank of fifth rank. He could be considered quite a figure.

Master level chefs were indeed not bad, but in the end, they were still only chefs that served high-ranking officials and nobles!

Qin Luo had given them a high salary and given them rare ingredients. This allowed them to showcase their culinary skills to their heart's content and continuously improve towards the Zongshi realm.

Not only did he receive a high salary, but he was also able to get in touch with high-ranking officials and nobles in such a good location. He was also able to accumulate connections and train himself with all kinds of top-grade ingredients to improve his craftsmanship…

Such a great event made countless peers envious. How could they dare to be disrespectful?

If he offended Qin Sheng, the boss, and kicked him away in a fit of anger, he would really have no place to cry!

"Thank you, Masters!"

Qin Qin Sheng was not the kind of person who would act arrogantly just because he had gotten his way. He was working for you. No matter what he got, it was something that he deserved. As long as the benefits he created for you reached the expectations he had in his heart, that was enough. As for the rest, there was no need to worry about it. It was mutually beneficial. It was a win-win for everyone!

"I'm here today to taste the craftsmanship of the two masters!"

The store was very busy. Even if ordinary officials were not worthy of the two treasures of the store, those truly high-ranking officials and nobles had to be dealt with by the two masters. Fortunately, it was not dinner time, and the magistrate court had not knocked off yet. The guests were all officials on break, passing merchants, as well as noble families and relatives. They were not particularly busy because they were not special guests!

"There are some ingredients here. I hope the two masters can make good use of them!"

Qin Luo Sheng had naturally come prepared.

What he took out were the best ingredients that he had secretly kept!

"Yes, yes… yes. Don't worry, leave it to us!"

Supreme-grade ingredients meant divine weapons to peerless swordsmen. When the two masters saw the Supreme-grade ingredients in Qin Sheng's hands, their eyes lit up and even their voices trembled.

"Alright, Young Master, you're still keeping secrets!"

The two chefs were extremely excited as they carried the pile of top-grade ingredients as if they were carrying a peerless beauty. Their faces were flushed red as they left excitedly, preparing to use 120% of their strength to cook. After the two of them left, Mengmeng immediately pouted coquettishly.

"Alright, everyone's out to play today. Since you're happy, don't be so calculative."

Qin Luo naturally knew what Mengmeng was thinking, and consoled her, "Mengmeng is tired today, so just enjoy it well. If you occasionally try someone else's cooking, you might even be able to get some inspiration from it! Isn't it easy to cook? There will be plenty of opportunities in the future! I've left you quite a number of top-grade ingredients! They're of the same quality as before, and there are even some that are slightly higher!"

This sentence made Mengmeng beam with happiness!

This girl.

Not only was he a master in alchemy, he was also a master in housekeeping. His culinary skills were also at the master level. Naturally, he would be delighted to see the best ingredients. He also had the same mentality as the two masters just now!

Now that she heard that Qin Sheng had left her something better, how could she not be happy?

After a feast of gluttony, Qin Luo Sheng almost swallowed his tongue.

As expected of a master chef who used his full strength. This taste was perfect for Old Ba!

It was not just the taste. Delicacies cooked from top-quality ingredients also came with many special effects. There was a slight permanent increase in stats and resistance. As for not having a permanent increase in time, and Qin Sheng not fighting for the time being, it was meaningless!

…

After eating and drinking to their heart's content, they took a short walk before returning to the Luoshen Residence!

The three girls happily went to distribute the clothes. Qin Sheng returned to his room and began to sort out the information and plan his next move!

First was the instance dungeon!

Level 50 and 55 dungeon rewards. He had to obtain them!

For instance dungeons of these two levels, two nightmares, two guilds, and two individuals, there were a total of six times. They had almost reached level 60. Then, the level 60 instance dungeon could begin again!

Next was the treasure map!

The Black Dragon King had failed to secure the Dragon Emperor's throne, thus he had left the Dragon Island to accumulate his strength and resources in secret. He was planning to make a move one day!

Unfortunately.

Death before victory.

Before it even started, Qin Luo had already been killed.

Most of his hard work had vanished into thin air. The clues to the treasure had also become Qin Sheng's.

Tsk.

How pitiful!

Finally, it was [The Mercenary King's Last Wish]!

This old mission!

Originally, Level 50 had been activated, but he had been busy with the Class Advancement mission, so it had been delayed.

Now that the Class Advancement was successful, it was time to reopen it!

"There's no need to panic about the treasure map. It's in my hands anyway, so I can't run away!" Qin Sheng pondered as he began to arrange the order in the three directions. "As for the [Mercenary King's Last Wish], there's no need to panic. There's no need to be afraid of the hidden mission either. Besides, I've already promised Qing Si and the others to complete it together! So, I'd better start with the dungeon! It just so happens that there are too many people snatching the exclusive reward of the dungeon. To prevent any unnecessary trouble, it's better to get it first!"