Chapter 888: Dungeon, Taoist Temple (2)

"It's not far ahead!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's impatient question, Ye Tiandi replied cautiously. His tone was humble and his attitude sincere. He was afraid that if he was not careful, he might cause his thighs to be upset and go on strike!

"…"

Qin Qin Sheng did not reply, merely leading the way silently.

Heavenly Emperor Ye didn’t lie.

After killing another monster region, the group finally passed through the dungeon. The originally eerie and treacherous place became normal!

"Pill furnace?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the spacious room's layout, his mind filled with question marks. Especially the huge pill furnace placed in the room and the various medicinal smells in the air, he could not help but frown.

"En, has the next batch of pill refinement materials been delivered? Hurry up! You bunch of idiots, can you bear the responsibility of delaying Zen Master's pill refinement?"

The voice came first.

Qin Luo focused his gaze and his pupils dilated instantly. The flames of rage in his heart could not help but burn.

What did he see?

He saw a sloppy-looking old Daoist priest holding a tray that was covered with bloody hearts. Judging from the size of the heart, it was definitely not bigger than a ten-year-old's heart. The blood on it was still flowing and twitching. It was obvious that it had just been dug out from a living person!

"Hmm? Who are you? How dare you trespass into the Black Wind Village's Alchemy Hall?"

When the old Daoist priest saw that the people who came were unfamiliar faces and all of them were holding weapons and looked murderous, he immediately realized that they were not from Black Wind Village. He immediately threw away the tray of children's hearts and took out his horsetail whisk. His body moved without wind and his aura burst forth.

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the good-for-nothing. With a flash of his body, he burst forth with extraordinary speed and rushed past the old Daoist to the secret chamber behind him!

"…"

into view.

It was a mess.

This terrifying scene could be called hell!

It was not just the corpse of a child that looked like a burial pit. The bones at the bottom were piled up, and the heart at the top was freshly dug out. The corpse was still warm, and the surrounding walls were hung with countless corpses of wild beasts and adults. Some were made into specimens, while others were soaked in special potions to preserve them. It was just like a biochemical laboratory!

"Beast!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes instantly turned red, filled with blood vessels. The killing intent that he had been suppressing with all his might was now like a ferocious tiger released from its cage, pouring down like a flood!

"W-who exactly are you?"

Qin Sheng, who walked out of the secret chamber with an unparalleled violent aura, looked like a demon god that had descended upon the world. His ferocious expression disappeared and he became like a quail!

That flash of speed earlier was now accompanied by an incomparably violent aura!

Plus.

He had arrived at this secret Alchemy Hall without any warning!

Thus…

There was only one explanation!

The person in front of him had killed his way through the entire Black Wind Village without a sound. Not even a single informant had escaped!

"You scum are worse than pigs and dogs!"

Qin Luo walked towards the old Daoist priest step by step. Even without the Dragon's Might, in his rage, he displayed the aura of a Level 58 boss, suppressing the old Daoist priest, who was merely Level 32 and had the strength of a Gold Boss, to the point that it was difficult for him to even breathe!

"Go to hell and be judged!"

A punch landed heavily on the old Daoist priest's face. Qin Sheng, who had restrained most of his strength, did not kill the old Daoist priest with a single blow. Instead, he deliberately spared the old Daoist priest's life to vent his anger.

He stomped down!

The old Daoist priest's right leg was broken!

Another kick!

His left leg was broken!

That ear-piercing scream had caused Qin Luo to hear the sounds of nature!

"Brother… Brother, you…"

Looking at Qin Luo's crazed appearance, his cruel and benevolent behavior, his white hair and beard, the group of children kept quiet like cicadas in the winter, shivering in fear. Qin Luo's unsteady steps were pushed out as he braced himself to dissuade this brutal behavior.

The others did not know.

But as Qin Luo's younger brother and sister, as well as Qin Zhen's former classmates who lived in the same town as the Qin family's Li Zimu, although they were somewhat surprised, they were not surprised.

They believed that it was Qin Sheng who had been betrayed and framed back then, ruining his entire life and thus causing his personality to change drastically. Therefore, it was not surprising for such a scene to occur.

His sister and brother naturally wanted Qin Luo not to wallow in the past and sink into hatred.

So.

He wanted to stop it!

"Go over there and take a look yourself!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head. His eyes were filled with blood (another sensitive word?), and they were filled with blood vessels. He exuded an expression of extreme hostility and killing intent, causing everyone to stop breathing in fear!

"Bastard!"

"Beast!"

"Kill him!"

"F*ck! Don't stop me, I'm going to kill that bastard!"

"…"

Soon.

The children who had entered the secret chamber to take a look were enraged!

Students were at the prime of their youth. They loved to fantasize and imagined the world to be beautiful!

Yet.

What they saw today had taught them a lesson.

The secret chamber that was even more terrifying and impactful than the ones in the movies had completely made them go berserk!

When he thought about how he had been deceived by the old Daoist priest's appearance and tragic encounter just now and wanted to plead for leniency on his behalf, he instantly followed Qin Sheng. His eyes were bloodshot!

"…"

Qin Luo, who had taken off all his equipment, leaned on his feet and broke the old Daoist priest's limbs. The resentment in his heart finally eased up quite a bit when he saw this fellow rolling and howling miserably on the bloody ground.

Glancing at the children exiting the secret chamber, Qin Sheng nodded in satisfaction. He took a few steps back and handed the stage to them!

A few minutes later!

The old Daoist priest, whose screams were so weak that they could barely be heard, died miserably under the endless torture!

This time.

The teleportation array did not appear after the Boss died. Instead, a hidden stone door was opened!

"Is this all we can do?"

Looking at the spiraling stone stairs, Qin Luo wanted to enter but was stopped.

"Brother, can you help us clear the Abyss Mode?"

The underling who had been abusing him for a long time ran over while panting heavily. He asked Qin Sheng hopefully, "I want to completely clear this dungeon and kill the final boss of this Black Wind Village!"

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised as he glanced at his little brother, whom he remembered to be timid. Without hesitation, he nodded and agreed.

Although this lesson did not let the group of children grow up, it still allowed them to grow up.

Since he wanted to solve the problem and resolve the knot in his heart, as his elder brother, how could he not fulfill his wish?

After the group of people packed up the loot dropped by the old Daoist priest, they were teleported out of the dungeon.

Then…

Choosing the abyssal difficulty, he entered again!

Although the Abyss was more difficult than the Nightmare Mode, it was no different for Qin Sheng. The minions were all one punch, and there was no exception!

Less than an hour.

Qin Luo and the rest returned to the Alchemy Hall at the end of the dungeon!

Even Qin Sheng did not have the courage to step into the hell-like chamber when he saw the place that was even more realistic than the one in Nightmare Mode. He only tortured the old Daoist to death once again before walking up the stone stairs that had appeared and returning to the surface!

"Oh? Taoist temple?"