Chapter 889: Black Wind Village'S Chief: Zen Master Xuan Yue

"Why is there a Taoist temple here?"

Qin Luo was somewhat stupefied. He immediately thought of the Alchemy Hall beneath his feet and the old Daoist priest in charge of refining pills. He came to a sudden realization. "So the Zen Master that old thing is talking about isn't the name of Buddhism?"

Forget it!

Why think so much!

Regardless of whether they were Buddhists or Taoists, they were all scum. They could just slaughter them. It was also considered eliminating evil for the people and cleaning up the sects for the great sects!

This kind of evil demon who used the heart of a child to refine medicine was worse than a demon. Everyone had the right to punish him!

"Let's go!"

Glancing at the nine children following behind him, Qin Sheng took the lead and walked into the extremely luxurious Daoist temple that looked normal on the outside.

"Tsk, this is still a f*cking perverted nest!"

There were no guards in the Taoist temple. There were only countless beautiful women. Although not all of them were extremely beautiful, their looks and figures were all top-notch. Furthermore, they each had their own advantages. It was like a harem!

Unfortunately.

These women had already fallen!

Or rather…

He had been brainwashed!

He was clearly at the prime of his youth, but he was brainwashed by a demon who didn't know whether he was Buddha or Dao. Not only did he offer his body, but he also offered his heart and soul. He was completely unable to correct him!

"Kill him!"

Qin Luo Sheng had no expression on his face as he faced these women whose faces were twisted and who were shouting slogans. He was like a crazed woman as he mercilessly killed them.

Not to mention that these women were NPCs, even Qin Luo would not show mercy to them!

These were women who had been sent to the so-called Zen Master to humiliate and vent their desires. Their bodies were delicate and soft, and they were just ordinary people. They were not even comparable to the prostitute who had been spying on them. Not to mention a humanoid beast like Qin Sheng, even the nine children behind him could easily win!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng still made his move, personally!

Among the nine children behind him, there was his younger brother and his younger sister's existence. Qin Sheng still could not bear for them to come into contact with this!

Even if this was a game and not real!

But how different were the real battlefields in the Abyss Mode?

He was the flower of the motherland. He would take care of her if he could. He would bear the sins!

Countless fists rained down!

Like a tyrannosaurus, Qin Luo rushed into the flock of sheep.

Even those big and burly men could not resist Qin Sheng's fists, let alone these weak women!

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng still restrained most of his strength, and did not activate the special effect of the Abyssal Hands.

The women who had been brainwashed collapsed and died. However, under Qin Sheng's "gentle mercy", their internal organs were destroyed in an instant and their vitality was cut off. It did not leave them without a corpse, and they suffered tremendous pain and torture before they died!

After all.

These women are so pitiful!

As expected, just like the prostitute in front, she had been kidnapped since she was young or robbed by these bandits.

Since their values had been established and they had been completely brainwashed, there was no turning back. He would send them on their way and get out of this sea of misery as soon as possible. It could be considered a form of release!

The Taoist temple was not small, but the distribution was very simple.

Without much effort, Qin Qin Sheng found the so-called Zen Master mentioned by the old Daoist!

When the 10 of them stepped into the extremely luxurious place that didn’t seem like a Daoist temple at all and seemed like an imperial palace, what they saw wasn’t an otherworldly expert refining pills and cultivating the Dao, and it was a clear and ethereal scene, and it was instead an extremely dazzling scene!

"Tsk, what a perverted monk!"

There was a hairless man with nine great Buddhist scars on his head. However, he was dressed in a Daoist robe. He looked like a monk but was not a monk. He looked like a demon that was neither a Daoist nor a Daoist. He was lying on his side on a large chair that was as wide as a bed. His clothes were half undone, revealing his somewhat shriveled chest. Beside him, there were seven or eight beautiful women who were gently removing their clothes, leaving only their undergarments to serve him.

Some massaged the shoulders, some massaged the back, some massaged the legs, some warmed the feet, some massaged the acupuncture points on the head, some fed fruits and pastries…

Extravagant and limitless!

"Who is it?"

As a boss, he should still be vigilant. Besides, Qin Sheng had not been hiding his tracks to begin with. He had walked in boldly. Even if he had been dazed by the beauty and alcohol, he had sensed an outsider immediately!

"Tsk, so it's those brats!"

When he raised his head to take a look, his tense spirit immediately relaxed. Zen Master pinched the woman's head and placed it in his arms. He massaged the acupuncture points on her head. As she whined coquettishly, he said in a very dissatisfied tone, "What are those dogs doing? They actually neglected their duties to such an extent. A few rookies actually dared to barge into my place. They are really bastards!"

Oh!

This old fellow was still fucking dreaming!

Wake up!

Those dogs you mentioned have all gone to heaven. It's your turn now!

Zen Master Xuan Yue (Ancient BOSS)

Level: 35

Health Points: 450,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 21000

Magic Attack: 15000

Physical Defense: 8000

Magic Defense: 6,500

Speed: 7000

Skills: [Mystic Moon Operation] [Sanskrit Curse] [Hundred Killing Buddha Technique]

Weakness: None

Introduction: The chief of the Black Wind Village was originally a monk. He was expelled from Buddhism because he violated his precepts. By chance, he became a disciple of a heretic and became an experimental subject of the heretical path. He integrated the cultivation techniques of both Buddhism and Daoism. In the end, he relied on an incomplete ancient scroll to sink into the demonic path. He became a deviant who looked like a monk but was not a monk. After killing his master, he established the Black Wind Village and occupied an area. He made use of officials and weaved a huge network of interests. He committed all kinds of crimes. Because his famous weapon was a curved blade named 'Blackmoon', he called himself Zen Master Xuan Yue!

Oh!

It was actually an Ancient BOSS!

It was no wonder he was so arrogant and reckless, completely disregarding them!

What a pity!

This bit of strength was completely insufficient!

If your level is 58, then maybe I can pay a little more attention to you!

Level 35?

Haha!

A piece of trash!

"I'll leave those women to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng clenched his fists. Feeling the special touch of the Abyssal Hands, his gaze turned cold and stern. He instructed the nine kids behind him who had been idling around since the beginning. Then, he strode forward!

"Interesting!"

Zen Master Xuan Yue might be arrogant, but someone like him would never joke around with his life. When he saw that Qin Luo Sheng did not fear him and even came up alone, he immediately stood up from the pile of rouge and finally looked at the enemy who had come to attack. "As expected of a young hero who could barge into my Black Wind Village and find this place. His aura is indeed unparalleled and his courage surpasses others! Unfortunately—"