Chapter 885: Fist Into Flesh, Invincible Sweep (2)

Holy shit!

What kind of monster was this?

Everyone was shocked!

That's right.

Just ten people.

Even Qin Sheng himself was stunned by the damage!

What the heck!

This was too powerful!!!

You have to know.

This was a pure Nature Attack without any augmentation skills. Not only could it deal six-digit explosive damage, the number at the front was not even 1!

Hmm ~

100 million points!

"Continue!"

Fortunately, Qin Sheng, who had seen the world before, recovered very quickly. He glanced at the children behind him who had the same expression on their faces. They had their mouths wide open and their jaws agape. He said indifferently, shook his cloak, and continued to stride forward with full force!

One punch!

One punch!

Another punch!

A Level 58 big shot with Mythical equipment that was enhanced by + 10 came to this Level 25 dungeon to blow up the fish. It was a complete strike!

Along the way, no matter what it was, it was all a punch. No monster could make Qin Sheng deliver a second punch. Even those small bosses like the captains were the same!

Black Wind Village was a huge village built on a mountain!

Although this Black Wind Mountain was not tall, the terrain was very complicated. It was easy to defend but hard to attack. It was indeed the best place to build a fortress!

Yet.

Today was supposed to be an evil place that would make people pale at the mention of it, yet it was welcoming an invincible and terrifying devil king!

Soon.

Under Qin Luo's extraordinary efficiency, the group of people made their way from the foot of the mountain to the peak and arrived at the entrance of the village!

There were sentry posts on both sides of the gate and guards on both sides.

This Black Wind Village is quite interesting!

It was expected.

The leader or strategist inside should not be a simple person!

Unfortunately.

In the face of absolute strength, the so-called strategy were completely useless!

After easily defeating the guards, Qin Sheng strutted into the village as if he was returning home!

Because this is a nightmare pattern, not an abyssal pattern.

The Abyss was a real battlefield or a semi-real battlefield. NPCs were extremely intelligent, and their freedom was unrestricted. Anything could happen.

Nightmare was on a completely different level.

In other words.

Nightmare mode was still within the scope of the game. It was still a traditional game dungeon!

The location that had been set, the script that had been set, the battle mode that had been set…

There was no spirituality to speak of!

So.

The highest level a normal player could clear was a nightmare!

After all.

When the Abyss Mode was activated, apart from the face transformation and fixedization, NPCs who could use their intelligence and terrain flexibly were like real people. They were also like their background. They were either extremely intelligent, extremely powerful, or possessed exceptional skills…

It was indeed a fool's dream for the players to want to defeat such an outstanding person!

Putting everything else aside, just one thing—hatred!

The Nightmare Mode still followed the traditional aggro system. Players could rely on this to coordinate endlessly and pin down the Boss, allowing it to move back and forth in the players' battle formation under the constant shifting of the aggro. Not only would it be a waste of time, but the players would also take advantage of this time to increase their output and crazily steal damage. The chances of victory were extremely high!

The Abyss Mode did not have the so-called fixed aggro system. Because of the real battlefield, the NPCs were "alive" and had broken free from the shackles of the system. They would use their brains and wisdom to judge the situation!

Under such circumstances, as long as one wasn't stupid, they would definitely deal with the healer and DPS immediately. Who would be so stupid as to bother with a stupid Guardian?

Once the healer and DPS were gone, even if one of them was gone, they would definitely suffer a crushing defeat!

So.

Abyss Mode was an absolute taboo for normal players!

Only a bunch of people like Qin Sheng who had powerful equipment, combat awareness, and self-preservation abilities could form a team to investigate!

“How?”

For Qin Sheng, whether it was a nightmare or an abyss, it was the same!

Let alone a mere level 25 dungeon, even a level 50 dungeon that was about to be cleared could only be described with one word—reckless!

"Which side should we attack first?"

After charging into the village, Qin Sheng looked at the five areas lined up in front of him and turned back to look at the nine salted fish who were cleaning up the battlefield!

"They're all the same!"

The team leader, Heavenly Thearch Ye, put a silver ring that he had just logged into his bag. When he heard the big shot's reply, he quickly replied with a smile, "Only by sweeping through these five areas can we reach the back of the core of Black Wind Village!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste time with words. He advanced in a straight line and entered the middle region!

[Windy Woman (Enhanced Three-Star Elite)]

Level: 28

Health: 45,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 4800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,500

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 3,200

Skills: Charm (Backstab)

Weakness: None

Introduction: The subordinates of the Fengshui Hall of the Black Wind Stronghold specialize in intelligence. All the disciples in the hall enter the Fengshui Hall and use their looks to be fools. They obtain information from high-ranking officials, nobles, and wealthy merchants. They also control the black information and threaten the officials and merchants. They form a tight protective net. Although they are all women, they are highly valued and trusted. They have outstanding charm and are also skilled in martial arts. They can do assassinations!

The central area, Hall of Dust!

Qin Luo stepped in and was stunned by the luxurious decorations!

This did not look like a bandit's lair on a mountain at all. Instead, it was a mansion that was comparable to a noble's mansion. It was the standard Su family's garden style!

Unfortunately.

On the outside, it was like jade, but on the inside, it was like a waste.

It looked similar, but the air of travel inside was too heavy, and it was also filled with women. All of them were stained with human lives, and the Yin qi was dense, making people very uncomfortable!

"She's really graceful and charming. I can't help but pity her!"

Qin Sheng shook his head in pity as he watched the slim, willow-like figure wielding the dagger and moving like the wind, revealing her smooth and slender legs as she pounced over.

The so-called civilized society in the modern world was still filled with darkness, not to mention the feudal times. At that time, human lives were like grass. It was common to sell children and women. Many girls were bought, kidnapped, or kidnapped when they were young… Through special training in darkness, they were turned into killers and spies. Now, or even prostitutes who sold their bodies to earn money for the organization behind them!

Obviously!

These women were exactly like that!

"To have such power, it seems like the Black Wind Village has a powerful background. It's definitely not an ordinary bandit's nest!"

Qin Luo thought to himself.

Except.

He did not delve into it!

After all.

He was now Level 58. Even if the Abyss Mode could uncover the ultimate truth and expose the Dark Lands of Black Wind Village and the forces behind it, he did not have the right to do so!

Besides.

The team rewards and personal rewards of the Black Wind Stronghold's Abyss Mode had already been taken by other players!