Chapter 883: Fist Emperor Desert Dust, Applying To Fight (2)

Qin Luo opened the rankings board!

He discovered that East Imperial, Martial Emperor, Yatu and Sanguine Primrose had already reached Level 50. In the row behind them, all of them were Level 49. Their experience points shouldn't be too far off. They were almost at Level 50!

I'll do it!

Qin Luo Sheng bid farewell and took out three bottles of Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that he had just concocted from Meng Meng. Then, without stopping to rest, he ran towards the location of the teleportation formation in the Imperial City!

Beep beep beep!

Before Qin Sheng reached his destination, his communicator suddenly rang.

Who was it?

Could it be Sanguine Primrose?

Puzzled, Qin Luo Sheng turned on his communicator only to discover…

There was no message!

???

What the hell?

"Idiot, it's your communicator!"

When she saw Qin Luo's blank and dumbstruck expression, Xiaoxiao, who was in the pet space, could not help but roll her eyes. She then complained, "You usually have so many bad ideas, but when you come up with all sorts of schemes, you're like an idiot when it comes to trivial matters!"

Qin Sheng:…

Fine!

You're old, I won't argue with you!

"Brother, are you busy?"

Half-City Smoke Sand: "Brother, help!"

Damn!

So it was his little brother and little sister!

He was calling out his other alias—Fist Emperor Desert Dust!

He switched to the communicator.

“What is it?”

Qin Luo replied to them quickly.

Frost Snow Wind: "Nothing. Brother, do you have time to help us clear a dungeon? We can't win!"

This girl!

Upon hearing his sister's cautious words, Qin Sheng did not know what to say.

Looks like…

His personality was too different from his predecessor's. After a few successive actions, his predecessor's family felt isolated from him!

If not for the fact that his previous self had been betrayed by his childhood sweetheart's girlfriend and had his reputation ruined because he had been framed and his future ruined, with this as a buffer, Qin Luo Sheng would really not know how to complete his lie. Qin Luo Sheng's personality had changed drastically and it was as if he had become another person's lie!

Girls were sensitive and could easily detect the change in Qin Sheng!

However…

His body was indeed from his previous self. Blood was thicker than water, and this did not change!

Coupled with Qin Sheng's money attack!

To let a country girl come to Shanghai, an international metropolis, where she lived, ate, and played. She might not be the best, but she was at the frontline. She was even better than the locals or the bosses who had over a hundred million yuan in assets. Her allowance was even ten thousand yuan a month. Wouldn't that be corrupted?

So.

It was true that she was timid, but she did not reject it. She was just a little timid and afraid!

To the end.

Qin Luo Sheng himself did not know, but in reality, he was more or less tainted by the cold and overbearing aura of a weeping soul. Well, to put it simply, the aura of a big shot was a little too imposing and could not be restrained!

"Brother, help me. This dungeon is too difficult!"

Compared to his meticulous younger sister, as the younger brother of a boy, he was much more insensitive. He had been raised poor since he was young. When he first saw Qin Sheng raise him like this, he even bought a gaming capsule that was worth more than the entire family's assets. He, who loved to play, simply treated his elder brother like his father. In addition, when Qin Luosheng appeared in front of them with Desert Dust, his hidden class was the King of Fighters. In addition to that incomparably dazzling LV48, he was a big boss. This made him view Qin Sheng as his elder brother + father even more purely. He became a big boss + father + father + father + idol!

Young people accept new things very quickly and learn very quickly!

Through this period of time, the country bumpkins and village girls had their horizons broadened on this international metropolis. They were like sponges absorbing new things!

The first to bear the brunt was naturally Fate Dimension!

Because he knew, he understood!

He understood how incredible Qin Luo's Desert Dust was!

This…

He had only left the newbie village for a few days, but he immediately came to seek help!

You have to know.

Although they were noobs, Qin Sheng had given them a set of equipment. Not to mention the five pieces of jewelry, the other five pieces were carefully selected. There were no restrictions on the equipment, and it was even enhanced by + 7!

This attribute!

Not to mention leveling up and farming, even farming BOSSes was extremely easy!

Requesting help now.

They could either skip levels to challenge higher-level dungeons or encounter wild dungeons that they could not handle. They could also challenge high difficulty, such as nightmares or even the abyss!

"Where are you?"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately retreated and found a place to hide. Using his [Ghost Face] ability, he switched to Desert Dust's image. He also changed his equipment, especially the Abyssal Hands in his hands. It was the only Mythical equipment he had at the moment. It had a unique red glow and a + 10 purple glow surrounding it. It was extremely cool.

It blocked the light and retracted the flickering appearance of the equipment. However, the Enhanced Surrounding Light Effect could not be blocked. Weapon Enhancement + 10, other equipment Enhancement + 7 or + 8 still shocked countless people!

"I'm here!"

Along the way, he rejected countless people joining the team, pulling people, trying to get close to them, collecting equipment, and other requests. Qin Luo Sheng arrived at the appointed place for his younger brother and sister.

"Brother, over here!"

Desert Dust was the epitome of a fierce man. He had a sturdy body, explosive muscles, and he was holding a rarely seen glove instead of a sword. He stood out like a crane amongst a flock of chickens, and was quickly recognized by his little brother and sister.

Qin Luo walked over.

He activated his Heavenly Eye without a trace and swept it over.

Whoa!

Not bad!

Frosty Glory, Level 25, Priest!

Half-City Smoke Sand, Level 25, Berserker!

In just a few days, he had reached Level 25!

This was too awesome!

Looks like…

With super strong equipment and sufficient gold coins, coupled with wise sages opening the way and providing strategies, it was too easy to level up!

"Yo, Qin'er, Qin Zhen, is this your brother Qin Sheng?"

Beside the younger brother and sister, a young man wearing a red robe (fire) with a magic staff in his hand said in a weird tone, "That QJF?"

Instantly.

The eyes of Qin Luo and his siblings darkened!

"Li Zimu, stop bullsh * tting. My brother is innocent. Didn't you see the news half a month ago? JC has already clarified at the press conference that his NC is not well-informed. Don't come out and embarrass yourself!"

The younger brother, Qin Luozhen, was instantly anxious and immediately scolded angrily. At the same time, he took a careful look at his elder brother and apologized, "Sorry, elder brother. This is Li Zimu, my former classmate. I met him in the game yesterday!"

"Wow, Shuang'er, is this your brother? So powerful!"

There was a girl beside Shuang'er. She was dressed like an archer and looked pretty good. She was quite tender and could probably get 80 points. Of course, her voluptuous snow-white figure could add at least 5 points!

To be able to be together with Shuang'er, she should be around the same age as her. If she wasn't her best friend, then she was her classmate!

Unfortunately.

This eighteen-year-old flower had a completely different development compared to her age. No wonder so many gazes were focused on her. Even Li Zimu and Qin Luozhen were the same.

Other than her overbearing figure, her watery eyes and seductive posture were also part of the reason!