Chapter 898: Enhanced Gold Boss: Beast Tamer

"Special skill?"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he saw those words.

Many experiences had proven that as long as it was a special skill, none of them were bad!

Even though it looked like a mediocre Bone Shrinking Art, it had endless uses. With the combination of Ghost Face and Ghost Face, Desert Dust was created.

Even.

If Qin Sheng were to think about it, he could create countless aliases at any time. The devil face would be responsible for changing his appearance, changing his information, ending with the Bone Shrinking Art and changing the structure of the human body. No one would be able to tell that he was a weeping soul!

"It's mine!"

Previously, Qin Luosheng had very politely given up on the other equipment Rolls. None of the girls felt that it was inappropriate. They had "impolitely" taken what they could use. Now that it was something he should use, Qin Sheng would not be polite either. He directly kept the skill book!

Swoosh…

Qin Luo Sheng gently slapped the skill book. Instantly, the skill book transformed into a stream of light and entered his mind!

As it was a special skill, it was not affected by the Starlight Miracle, so Qin Sheng did not avoid it. Of course, since he was in the middle of a live broadcast, Qin Sheng would definitely not expose the effects of this skill, so he did not watch!

"Go, continue!"

Ignoring the protests that filled the livestream room, Qin Luo entered the teleportation array that had appeared after Lu Lin's death and took the lead to leave the destroyed luxurious courtyard!

For you all to see?

What a joke!

Every special skill could be considered a trump card, how could it be easily revealed?

[Mutation Storm Beast (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 53

Health: 2100000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 78000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 2800

Skills: [Gale Roar] [Sharp Tooth Bite] [Berserk Claw Strike]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Gale Beast, a mutated species of the leopard species. After being tamed, it became a hunting beast. It is extremely fast, has strong claws, sharp teeth, and is comparable to a fierce tiger or lion. It was once trained to become a special type of soldier, tiger or leopard cavalry. It has made outstanding military achievements.

The second courtyard!

After stepping in, he actually encountered his old friend, the Gale Beast, on the plains!

However…

These Gale Beasts were definitely elites when compared to the ordinary species on the plains. After mutating, they would become even more ferocious and violent!

“How?”

This courtyard was similar to Lu Lin's. The decoration on the outside was similar, but the interior was completely different. This place was completely like a beast park. In layman's terms, it was like a zoo.

However…

There were ferocious beasts in the zoo, and there were no cages here. The ferocious beasts were free, and they were the guards of the courtyard!

"How else can we fight?"

Upon hearing Mu Mu's question, Qin Sheng glanced at her helplessly and said, "It's over just now! Can these minions turn the sky upside down?"

Mu Mu:…

Alright!

I was too nosy!

What else could a brute do?

Right?

"Xiaoxiao, stop sleeping. Let's work together!"

Qin Luo Sheng touched the sleeping Xiaoxiao on his shoulder and was speechless!

Was this the dragon race?

She was just like Nan Nan, sleeping and eating all day long!

Even though Qin Luo knew that Xiaoxiao was still a young dragon who was still digesting her bloodline inheritance and sleeping, he could not help but want her to get up and exercise when he saw her drowsy state!

Could this be some kind of evil interest?

"Hmph!"

Xiaoxiao, who had been disturbed from her sleep, was a little angry when she woke up. She said to Qin Sheng, "One bite." Fortunately, she knew her bearings and did not exert any force. She only made Qin Sheng feel pain, knowing that she was not to be trifled with.

"Open! Open!"

With a little help, Qin Luo's confidence was instantly boosted.

Xiaoxiao was proficient in the five elements magic. Furthermore, she had the body of a True Dragon and was born with elemental affinity. Her magic power and range were much stronger. Now that she had entered the mature stage after level 50, her magic contained a trace of dragon's might and a certain amount of dragon language magic enhancement. It was like adding wings to a tiger!

This Whirlwind Beast was originally a furred species, so it was naturally afraid of fire. And a small fire magic had proven itself in so many battles!

This was the only place where pavilions, artificial mountains and fake rocks were not as sturdy as the plains. The terrain was not wide enough. Otherwise, Qin Luo Sheng would have wanted to replicate a wave!

Even so.

Under the assault of five people and five soul pets, not a single Gale Beast could last ten seconds!

All the way!

Whether it was the Gale Beasts or other mutated beasts, they were not Qin Sheng's beasts. They were killed without any resistance. There were no exceptions!

Soon.

Qin Luo Sheng brought the four girls to the deepest part of the courtyard!

The same position, the same formula!

The difference was…

Last time, it was Lu Lin in the courtyard. His physical body had exploded, and he was holding a machine gun in his hand. He was incomparably violent!

And this time, it was an old man that was dressed strangely, and his entire body was shriveled like a corpse!

[Beast Tamer (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 55

Health Points: 30,000,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 10,000

Magic Attack: 120,000

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 80,000

Speed: 16,000

Skills: [Beast Taming Force] [Magic Wheel Slice] [Return to One]

Weakness: None

Introduction: A special person who followed Immortal Zhai Xing to Lu Village. He is good at controlling beasts and knows the language of beasts. He can communicate with thousands of beasts and control them. He has strange spells that can not only strengthen himself but also greatly enhance the ability of the pets he controls!

Was this BOSS a Summoner?

Upon seeing the introduction and skills of the Beast Tamer, Qin Sheng immediately thought of the Summoner!

"It's a little difficult to handle!"

In a one-on-one battle, Qin Sheng had nothing to fear.

One against many, it didn't matter!

However, he was afraid that he was not alone!

If the beast tamer focused his attention on the four girls behind him, it would be difficult!

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng was not looking down on them!

After all.

Although these four girls were women, in terms of true strength, they were definitely above the A-list. Very strong!

Except.

They were all Level 50, so they were barely qualified to enter this dungeon. They had just reached the threshold!

If it was just a normal monster or a trash BOSS, it wouldn't matter. The key was that this Beast Tamer was a Gold-tier BOSS with 120,000 Mana Attack.

Even though the beast tamer was being held back by Qin Sheng, once a bunch of summoned beasts were summoned, Qin Sheng did not have three heads and six arms. He would be able to intercept all of them. At that time, some would definitely target the four girls.

They were all long-range mages with low HP, no close-range meat shields, and no wild battles to attract aggro. Just the thought of it was exciting!

Maybe.

When Sanguine Primrose and the rest unleashed their full strength, they were able to fly a kite for 1v1 under the advantageous terrain. But what if the Beast Tamer summoned even more monsters?

What would happen if they had a 1v2 and a 1v3?