Chapter 896: Lu Lin The Tyrannical Fist, Special Weapon Explosive Fist Rod

[Lu Lin (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 55

Health Points: 40,000,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 100,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 75,000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 20000

Skills: [Unparalleled Berserk] [Sky-Shattering Fist] [Explosive Punch Gun]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Lu Village's Battalion Commander specializes in fist techniques. His temperament is simple and foolish. He once lost his right arm in a battle and later requested to install the Explosive Fist Rod. His strength has risen to another level!

Enhanced Gold Boss?

Finally, there was someone who barely qualified!

Qin Luo Sheng had seen through Qin Luo's information with a single glance!

“Aren’t you people from our village? Are you the bad guys that daddy spoke of?”

The information obtained from the Heavenly Eye was that Lu Lin's brain was not very good. Initially, Qin Sheng did not quite believe it. That bloodthirsty gaze did not seem like a fool no matter how he looked at it. However, the moment this fellow opened his mouth, he immediately used the stone hammer. Indeed, he felt that this fellow could still be taken in just now. It was his illusion!

"Bad people! All bad people deserve to die! I'm going to kill all of you!"

Lu Lin stood up.

His three-meter-tall body was shining with a metallic luster, as if he was a humanoid Gundam. The sounds of bones cracking could be heard as he moved, making one's teeth ache!

"All of you, step back a little. This fellow has some skill!"

A violent aura surged forth. Even Qin Luo, who was fearless, was secretly alarmed under the first impact of this aura.

Ignoring everything else, just the fact that his whole body seemed to be burning with white smoke and his muscles were shaking as if they were alive, the visual impact was indeed enough to make one's eyelids jump!

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Ethereal Steps!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Magic conversion!"

It was worth Qin Luo's effort to strengthen the Gold Boss!

"Hunting Tiger!"

With a tiger's roar, Lu Lin, who was charging forward, was instantly stunned. While his attack power was reduced by 30%, he was also in a state of fear for five seconds!

“Vicious Destruction!”

It was a great opportunity. Without another word, Qin Sheng used his skill and aimed at the armpit of Luo Lin's right arm. He slashed three times ruthlessly!

Strength damage was fixed at 200%, but if the target was a weak point, the damage would be doubled!

It only dealt 400% damage, and it was the same for three consecutive strikes!

"F*ck, this wasn't even triggered?"

Yet.

What Qin Qin Sheng wanted was not to injure, but to cripple!

Unfortunately.

The Goddess of Luck did not stand on his side. The special effect of the Savage Maul was not triggered!

"Tsk! What a bad start!"

The BOSS of the first stage was actually so unlucky. It was really hard to explain!

All of Lu Lin's moves were focused on his right hand, or rather, on the extremely exaggerated mechanical arm [Explosive Punch Gun]!

Initially, he had planned to make use of the tyrannical attack to chop off his arm and turn him into a tiger without claws and teeth. He would get rid of him once and for all without any threat. However, he never expected that the tyrannical attack that had always been as steady as an old dog would fail at the crucial moment. It was simply too much!

"Forget it, it doesn't matter anymore."

If it did not take effect, then so be it. Qin Sheng was just too conflicted. It was just an enhanced Gold Boss, it was not worth his time to scheme. Besides, the Crippling effect was not triggered, but the damage was real!

Originally, his physical defense was only 75,000. Under the 30% penetration of the Sacred Dragon Sword, it was greatly reduced. In addition to the 400% and 400% damage from the Brutal Strike, the effect was explosive!

It was really a sword and a small panel. His health bar was dropping at a speed visible to the naked eye. The damage value that flashed above Lu Lin's head was not lower than six digits. Not to mention the audience in the live-stream watching with faces full of shock, even the four girls in the same line who were used to Qin Sheng's animal damage were stunned!

“Rumbling Heaven Fist!”

Five seconds was neither long nor short.

At least in Qin Sheng's eyes, five seconds of immovable target practice was too wonderful for him to do as he pleased!

The effect was that Lu Lin's health points dropped like water, and he lost half of his health!

Lu Lin, who had recovered from his five seconds of fear, might be a fool, but his combat talent and combat instincts were excellent. He gathered power with his right hand on the spot, and with a sound like the engine of an engine, the one-meter wide giant Explosive Fist Rod released a terrifying might as it brazenly punched towards Qin Sheng.

"What a strong pressure!"

A Sky Piercing Strike was executed by Lu Lin. At this moment, Qin Sheng felt as if he had seen himself and was using the Sky Piercing Strike!

"I can't take it head-on!"

Although he did not know what the effects of the Rumbling Heaven Fist were, his sixth sense frantically pulled the alarm bell. Coupled with that explosive punch, even space seemed to have frozen. Qin Sheng was almost scared out of his wits.

“Shadow Escape!”

With a sway of his body, Qin Sheng transformed into a shadow and hid in Lu Lin's shadow, narrowly avoiding this terrifying punch!

"That was close!"

Qin Luo, who was in the shadows, looked at his original position with a head full of cold sweat. Even the scene had been destroyed, causing a huge gully to be blasted out by Lu Lin. Not only were rocks flying everywhere, there were also faint traces of burning. It was obvious that it was the special effect of the Explosive Fist Gun!

"Attack quickly, we have to attack quickly! We can't fight this guy for long!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly jumped out of the shadow, wielding the Sacred Dragon Sword as he charged forward.

Although Lu Lin was fierce, he was still a strength-type BOSS. Even though his speed was not bad, he was still a little brother in front of Qin Luo Sheng. Especially when Qin Luo Sheng had activated Ethereal Step. As he moved, afterimages appeared one after another. Lu Lin, who was already mentally unsound, could not even touch the corner of his shirt. He could only wave his fists like a mad dog, unable to control his rage!

"Unparalleled Violence!"

After being played for a long time, he still did not achieve anything. Lu Lin, who already had a bad temper, finally flew into a rage. His bronze skin seemed to have instantly warmed up. His dragon-like muscles also seemed to have been stimulated by something as thick veins popped out. His entire person seemed to have become bigger, and the pressure was even stronger.

Ding… Lu Lin has entered berserk mode. Strength + 50%, Defense + 50%, IQ -100%! '

Qin Sheng:…

-100% IQ?

This was f*cking rare!

After killing so many Bosses, this was the first time he had seen a Boss lose its IQ from Enrage!

Lu Lin!

Good job!

"Xiaoxiao, how long can this guy's berserk state last?"

It had to be said that in the face of the demonic Lu Lin, even Qin Sheng was somewhat terrified.

This guy.

After he lost his intelligence, it was not a weakness but a little!

Lu Lin did not have much intelligence to begin with. Now that his IQ was -100%, wouldn't he instantly become a mindless beast?

Plus.

This beast's strength had also increased tremendously. Its attack and defense had also increased tremendously!

It hurts to hit someone, but it doesn't hurt to hit him!

What's there to play at?