Chapter 892: Lu Family Village, Gale Beast

The cursed land!

As the name suggested, the place that was cursed, the Earth Domain, or the region!

"This place is a little big!"

He looked up and saw a plain. At the end of the plain was a village. In the middle of the village stood a building that looked like a tower. It was at least 100 meters tall!

"First! First!"

"Bastard! It's finally broadcasting! Two days. Do you know how I spent the past two days?"

"GKD! GKD! Move! Let's see what a level 50 dungeon looks like!"

"It's fun to watch Weeping Soul Live Stream. You have to watch Mengmeng to learn skills!"

"So? All of you go and watch Mengmeng! Learn more skills! Let me criticize an entertainment streamer like Weeping Soul!"

"??? When I typed out the question mark, it wasn't my problem, but yours!"

"F*ck, I clicked on it the moment I received the live broadcast notification. Forget about the sofa, there's not even a place to stand?"

"F*ck you! Bringing four girls into the dungeon again. I'm jealous!"

"Brother, forget it! You're still holding back this time. Don't you f*cking know that people usually bring nine girls when they're exploring?"

"Sigh, he's surrounded by girls and has a bunch of wives and concubines. I'm still in my mother's womb, SOLO, advancing towards the realm of a great sorcerer!"

"Accept your fate! The joys and sorrows of humans are different. We can't have a girl we want. There are many girls, and all of them are goddesses!"

"…"

The excited gamers who had rushed over were normal at first, but when they saw Qin Luo and the four beautiful girls beside him, they instantly felt unbalanced and went off course!

"Today's live broadcast of the level 50 dungeon!"

Qin Luo Sheng had originally started the broadcast on the spot. He did not care if the viewers' fragile hearts could take it or not. He was indifferent to the point where he simply did not care anymore. His Buddhist nature was at its peak.

The streamer didn't care about anything, but the real problem was the house manager!

There were so many people leading the way. How could seven people seal it?

Fortunately.

The officials were very reasonable.

If they did not have the authority given by the host to be the house manager, then they would directly send supervisors to seal…

This time.

He was starting to become obedient!

Being banned by the property management would at most ban him from speaking for a year. If he couldn't speak, he could still watch the live broadcast!

However, it would be disgusting if it was banned by supervisors!

Forbidden speech was only the lowest level of punishment. If one didn't like your ID or was disgusted by your words, they would directly ban your IP address and kick you out of the live-stream, never to enter again. How f*cking angry would that be?

Even though there were a lot of haters, one had to admit that watching Weeping Soul's live stream was a very enjoyable thing. Not only did he spend his time learning from experts to fight for free, he could even search for first-hand dungeon information and so on. Who wouldn't like such hardcore live stream content?

Thus…

After killing the chicken to warn the monkeys.

The live streaming channel immediately became harmonious!

He was either silent or praising her. When he opened his mouth, his mushy words almost made normal players puke!

…

The questions in the livestream room were thrown to the back of Qin Luo's mind after an indifferent greeting.

"Looks like there are no more traps!"

Qin Luo Sheng rode on Bing Bing in front. The four girls were a great distance behind, following behind to prevent sneak attacks.

With Xiao-Xiao's radar, Qin Sheng was not afraid of sneak attacks. Therefore, when he knew that there was no danger, he spurred his horse and ran, not caring about the traps!

As long as there were no monsters ambushing him in secret, traps and whatnot were child's play. When mental control was completely ineffective, other traps could hardly kill him in one shot!

Besides.

What traps could there be on the plains in front of the village?

[Lu Family Village]!

Soon.

As Qin Luo rushed across the plains, he saw a stone tablet with three words written on it!

"A village with a surname?"

The entire village had the same surname. This was extremely common in the ancient times.

Obviously.

The village with the surname Lu in front should be a family-style village!

[Gale Beast (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 38000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 15,000

Magic Defense: 10,000

Speed: 21,000

Skills: Wild Claw Strike, Sharp Tooth Bite, Swift Run

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Gale Beast, a mutated species of the leopard species. After being tamed, it became a hunting beast. It is extremely fast, has strong claws, sharp teeth, and is comparable to a fierce tiger or lion. It was once trained to become a special type of Tiger Leopard Cavalry. It has made outstanding military achievements.

After stepping into the [Lu Family Village] stone tablet, Qin Sheng had finally met a monster!

Level 50 Enhanced Elite monsters had decent attributes. They were slightly stronger than normal Level 50 monsters, but they were not very outstanding!

Still.

This Gale Beast wasn't specialized in offense and defense. Its greatest advantage was speed!

That terrifying speed that surpassed 20,000 Defense was even faster than a Gold Boss. As expected of the former Light Cavalry, their bloodline was indeed outstanding!

"Work! Work!"

Qin Luo Sheng patted Xiaoxiao, who was dozing off on his shoulder, and then patted Bing Bing's head. The latter understood what he meant and moved swiftly to attract the Gale Beast's hatred!

That's right.

Qin Qin Sheng did not want to waste time on mushrooms, so he wanted a wave!

He was now Level 58 and had almost suppressed the Gale Beast by 10 levels. Coupled with his incomparably tyrannical attributes, he had absolutely crushed the Gale Beast. Even the speed that this fellow prided himself on could not withstand a single blow from Qin Sheng!

He had the advantage in all three aspects!

Furthermore, this was the Nightmare Mode and not the real battlefield!

There was no reason for Qin Qin Sheng to not use a convenient and fast method. Instead, he used a traditional and foolish method to kill them one by one. It was a waste of time and expression!

Dungeon monsters would not leave their aggro unless you passed through the area they were guarding!

For example.

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the Gale Beasts that were guarding the plains and entered the village over there!

So.

The Gale Beasts would not step into the village due to the difference in the area, and Qin Sheng's hatred would return to its original position!

Thus…

On the other hand,

No matter how much of a demon Qin Sheng was, as long as he did not leave this plain, no matter what he did, the Whirlwind Beasts that were drawn to him would never break free from their hatred. They would follow him relentlessly until he killed Qin Sheng or Qin Sheng killed him!

After luring the monsters for half an hour, three minutes of cool!

When nearly a hundred Gale Beasts were gathered together, Qin Sheng activated the Holy Flame without another word. The effect was simply explosive!

While he was attacking, Sanguine Primrose and the rest were not idle either!

Sanguine Primrose was a water-type Magician while Blood Rose and Mumu were fire-type Magicians. With the addition of Little Tiny, who was proficient in the five elements, the pitiful Gale Beast was in a miserable state!

Comfortable!

Qin Luo was thrilled when he saw the experience points on the screen!

Even though this monster was not even a Boss, the experience points given by it was pitiful under the huge experience bar. However, it was still a three-star Elite. In terms of value, it was not particularly bad. Even if it was split between five people, it was still more than 10,000!

10,000 x 10,000!

This was 100 million!

According to Qin Luo's efficiency of earning more than a million experience points in less than three minutes, it did not seem to be that difficult to level up!

‘ Of course.’

The prerequisite was that there were many monsters for him to kill!

After all.

This was an official instance dungeon. It was restricted to three times a day!

What a pity!