Chapter 893: The Strange Scarecrow, Lu Village Yong

The three minutes of Sacred Flame's time was not over yet. After half an hour, they had explored the entire plain. Even the Gale Beasts in the corner had been attracted over. Every one of them had been killed!

Same old rules!

The four girls cleaned up the battlefield and Qin Luo led the way.

Logically speaking.

No matter if it was Qin Sheng or the four nouveau riche girls, they did not fancy the spoils of war dropped by an elite monster who was not even a Boss!

Still.

After all, this was the first time they were exploring, and the drop rate was the best. Among the equipment that dropped, there were a lot of Bronze, Silver, and occasionally Gold equipment. This was not some trash. Even if they did not like it, in the market, these were all popular goods with the best sales!

Besides.

Whether it was Mu He Qing Si, Sanguine Primrose or Blood Rose, all of them had powerful backing!

Since he had no use for it, it would be great if he could throw it to the other players in the guild!

Also…

Other than equipment, the Improvement Stones, Skill Books, and other items would also drop by the small monsters, especially the elite monsters. Although the drop rate was very low, Qin Luo Sheng, this freak, had done so many dungeons. What had he not seen before? What were the Skill Books dropped by the small monsters? They had even dropped blueprints!

Ding… you have received a special spiritual attack! '

"Ding… Due to [Courage], the state of chaos is ineffective!"

What was going on?

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbstruck. He stood where he was and looked again. He did not find anything unusual nor did he see anything special.

"Idiot, it's a scarecrow!"

Xiaoxiao couldn't stand it anymore and rolled her eyes.

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly speechless. He turned his gaze to the funny scarecrow right under his nose, his face full of pain.

"This is it?"

Other people's scarecrows were called Watchmen. They stood in the middle of the fields. They were fierce and scary, but the one in front of them was definitely not a good job for comedians. Why did he look no different from a clown?

"Be careful, don't go near this scarecrow!"

Qin Luo Sheng had courage and was immune to mental control. However, Qing Si and the rest did not have it. Qin Luo could not estimate how far this scarecrow could go.

The four girls nodded.

Even without Qin Sheng saying it, they would not step forward.

Even though the Scarecrow looked like a comedy, the Scarecrow was the Scarecrow. How could a girl like that?

"It seems that the Lu Family Village has some skill!"

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye swept over. The information revealed by this scarecrow was enough for him to imagine.

To be able to create such an evil scarecrow and use it as a natural guard to lower the alertness of the intruders, they would be harmed by it. If there were many people, they would kill each other in chaos, and if there were only one person, they would fall into fear and be unable to extricate themselves, killing the enemies without anyone knowing!

From this, Qin Sheng could see the evil intentions of the officials!

Who didn't team up to enter the dungeon?

Who would be wary of an inanimate object when entering for the first time?

Like this.

He stepped into the carefully prepared trap and directly GG!

"Be careful, there's someone!"

The scarecrow was strong, but it was fortunate that the distribution was not very dense. The poison knew of its effects, so it naturally hid away. However, after taking a few steps, Qin Sheng saw a group of ten people carrying incomparably valiant sabers rushing over. From the looks of it, they were undoubtedly patrols!

[Lu Village Yong (Iron Boss)]

Level: 52

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 50,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 27000

Magic Defense: 18,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: [Great Strength Slash]

Weakness: None

Introduction: A member of the Lu Village's civilian army. He is good at wielding big sabers and is very powerful. He has been taking the special secret medicine from Lu Village all year round, making his body extremely strong. He can capture tigers and leopards alive and kill elephant cows!

"A bunch of small bosses!"

Qin Qin was astonished.

Black Iron BOSS was the lowest level BOSS so he naturally did not care about it.

Except.

This was just a patrol team, yet they were all Boss-level. From this, it could be seen how ferocious the monsters behind were!

This wasn’t an exaggeration to scare him, and it was the truth instead!

You have to know.

They had not even entered the Lu Village!

"Leave these to us to practice!"

Just as Qin Luo Sheng was about to make his move, Mu Mu, who was behind him, shouted excitedly, "The monsters behind must be very strong, especially when their levels will be very high. We're basically just there to be a bystander. It's all up to you. If you want to be useful, it can only be done now!"

Qin Sheng:…

What the heck?

Couldn't he just lie down and win?

"Alright, you guys do it!"

Although it was a little draggy, Qin Luo was not lacking in this bit of time. He also gave up his spot to let the four girls perform!

"You really don't care?"

Mu Mu was shocked. "There are ten BOSSES here. All four of us are weak. Sister Cyan Hair is a Priest and a healer. Do you know what a healer is?"

"Then what do you want?"

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly rendered speechless. You were the one clamoring for sex, and now you're the one who's afraid. Why are there so many things?

"What I mean is, let the few of us fight one, or we can fight one on one!"

Mu Mu was also speechless and said, "But there are ten Bosses here. If we swarm them, how can we play without a Shield Specialist!"

"Alright, alright, alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not want to waste any more time and immediately charged forward. "I'll leave three for you guys. Each of you three mages will fight one on one. As for Qing Si, the Priest will watch and heal whoever cannot hold on!"

As a top-tier player, soloing a Black Iron Boss was like playing a game!

Qin Luo Sheng was naturally reassured!

‘ Of course.’

The girls were more at ease with Qin Sheng!

Even if it was one against seven, he did not even look over!

Even without the Fist Emperor form of the Hand of the Abyss, the thrill of punches from Mythical equipment was not bad. However, after switching to the Holy Dragon Set, the feeling of the sword slashing was not bad!

Less than a minute!

Qin Luo Sheng carried seven Lu Village Yongs on his shoulders and killed them one by one!

He did not expose too many of his abilities. He only used the flat A skill and attacked all of them!

At the side.

One Water Demon and two Fire Demons were showing off their positioning and pulling abilities. They were showing off their fighting prowess to the point that their scalps went numb. They couldn't even touch the enemy's hair!

"As expected of a first-tier elite. With the support of powerful equipment, this kite flying ability is simply textbook level!"

Qin Luo Sheng was also admiring this battle.

It had to be said.

It was completely different from his reckless fighting style. Even though a mage's fighting style could not be compared to his, it was more outstanding in terms of technique!

Soon.

The three of them collapsed.

First was Mumu and Blood Rose, and last was Sanguine Rose.

‘ Of course.’

This wasn't because Sanguine Primrose was weak, but rather because a fire-type Magician's damage output would definitely surpass a water-type Magician's!

"Let's go! It's time to enter the village!"

After tidying up the battlefield, Qin Sheng raised his head and his gaze fell on the peaceful village with smoke curling up from the chimneys!