Chapter 894: Third Lu

They continued forward!

After encountering a few more groups of Lu Village Braves, Qin Sheng and the others finally arrived at the Lu Village!

"The atmosphere is a little strange!"

In an ordinary village, the sounds of chickens clucking and dogs barking could be heard incessantly. Children's joyful cries could be heard as well. However, there was nothing here. It was very peaceful. If there were not two rows of guards at the entrance of the village, with smoke curling upwards, Qin Sheng would have suspected that this was a ghost village!

“How?”

After several consecutive battles, Mu Mu, who was addicted to fighting, was still eager to fight!

"How else can we fight?"

Qin Qin Sheng lifted the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand and rode on it with icy steps towards the main entrance of the Lu Village. "We'll be done if we're reckless!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

Qing Yi:…

Mu Mu:…

Blood Rose:…

They seemed to have forgotten that the man before them was a brute!

Intelligence?

No problem!

But under the suppression of absolute strength, who would still scheme?

I can't be bothered to waste my brain!

Qin Luo Sheng was indeed a boorish fellow. He had never denied this point, but he still knew his limits. He was not a complete fool without brains!

He was now Level 58, but this dungeon was only Level 50!

All attributes surpassed!

The level suppression that was the best at restricting the opponent was also suppressed by him!

What else could he say?

He could just go head-on and kill his way through!

‘ Of course.’

He could only play in the Nightmare Mode. He could forget about the Abyss Mode. There was a high chance of failure if he jumped like this!

"Quick, report! Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"

As long as one was not blind, they would be able to see such a blatant attack. The Lu village guards immediately came forward to welcome them. However, after a few exchanges, they were cut down on the spot. The people behind them were so frightened that they broke out in cold sweat. The leader kicked one of his subordinates away and asked him to deliver the news. Meanwhile, he brought his remaining subordinates and surrounded Qin Luo, preparing to gang up on him.

"Have you reported it yet?"

Qin Qin Sheng watched as Lu Village rolled and crawled away. He did not let Xiaoxiao chase after him and let him deliver the news.

It was also good to report about it.

Letting those experts in the village come out to snipe would save him a lot of time!

This was only the first half of the Lu Village. Even if there was a Boss, it was destined not to be very strong!

As expected, the real experts were in the hundred-meter tall tower behind the village!

It was just like the level 45 dungeon, Snake God Mountain. The Lillend Tribe at the foot of the mountain was just the appetizer. The Snake Path and Snake Mountain were the real trials!

There were more than twenty Lu Village Bravehearts, which was more than double the number of normal patrol teams. However, this amount could not cause a qualitative change!

Qin Luo Sheng could not even be bothered to dodge. However, a physical attack of 50,000 points would not even be able to break through his defense when it landed on him. Coupled with the level suppression that exceeded level 5, even the compulsory deduction of 1 HP was very little. The vast majority of it was MISS!

"How dare you! Who dares to barge into my Lu Village?"

In less than a minute, Qin Sheng was still taking care of Lu Village Yong. Suddenly, an angry roar came from behind. Qin Sheng raised his head and saw a two-meter-tall man with an incomparably strong build, holding a halberd in his hand. Surrounded by a group of Lu Village Yong, he rushed over in large strides!

[Lv San (Gold Boss)]

Level: 54

Health: 3200000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 85000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 42,000

Magic Defense: 25,000

Speed: 22000

Skills: [Unparalleled Halberd Hair] [Destruction of All Directions] [Soul Slaying Slash]

Weakness: None

Introduction: The regiment commander of the Lu Village's militia. He is good at wielding halberds and has a violent temperament. He is the third son of the Lu Village's village chief. He has been consuming the special secret medicine of the Lu Village all year round, which makes his body extremely strong. He can capture tigers and leopards alive and kill elephant cows!

Oh.

If he skipped Bronze and Silver, would he be a Gold Boss?

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat surprised.

Initially, he thought that it was a small BOSS. He did not expect Lu San to be a big fish!

Even though it was only a Gold-tier Boss, this was only the Nightmare Mode, and it was just the beginning. It was very strong!

"Xiaoxiao, time to work!"

Qin Luo was strong, but his only weakness was that he could only fight alone and had no AOE damage!

It was not that there were no group attacks, but they were all forbidden spells. It was a complete waste to deal with such minions!

"Ang…"

At the beginning, there were more than a dozen Lu Village Bravehearts. Third Lu had brought more than twenty with him. There were about 40 of them!

More ants bite an elephant to death?

This did not exist for Qin Sheng. After all, only Lü San, the Gold Boss, could cause him some trouble. The rest of the Lu Village Bravehearts could not even break through his defenses, so there was nothing to fear.

Except.

Qin Luo was not afraid, but the four girls behind him were not!

Without the Dragon's Might, which was an area-of-effect skill, the aggro would be forcefully attracted. Once the 40 over Lu Village Bravehearts spread out, there would definitely be a lot of people looking for trouble with Qing Zi and the rest!

So.

Before this happened, he might as well strike first!

Since it was a nightmare mode and the aggro system was very strong, he would let Xiaoxiao form a team. Even if it was a magic dragon, the talent of the Dragon Race was still there. The dragon scales defense was not a joke!

Besides.

A small ability to fly in the sky was a complete suppression.

This group of people from Lu Village carried large sabers on the ground and were all boorish. They did not have the ability to attack from afar, nor did they have top-notch sword qi. They could only passively receive a beating!

"Attack!"

If they were to fight one-on-one, Qin Sheng would definitely claim to be invincible!

But there were specializations in the field.

If one were to farm monsters to level up, and if one were to fight against an AOE mage, especially a fire mage with the most explosive damage output, one would definitely be deserving of the title No1!

"Will we OT if we attack?"

Mu Mu was a little worried.

If they were to attack the 40 Black Iron Bosses as much as they wanted, they would definitely die without a grave once the OT started. They would not even be able to escape!

"Don't worry!"

Qin Luo Sheng assured them with certainty!

Thus…

A sea of flames surged into the sky while raging flames arose!

The two fire techniques instantly attacked!

Then…

The small dragon in the air breathed out and strengthened the temperature and width of the flames. It engulfed more than forty Lu Village Bravehearts and ignited their bodies!

Finally.

Sanguine Primrose was done!

The water magic branch of ice magic was activated. Once the ice net was released, it immediately rushed out from the sea of fire. If one wanted to rush over to finish off Lu Village Yong who was in the back row, they would either be slowed down or their feet would be frozen. They would be stunned and unable to move!

"Bastard!"

Upon seeing this scene, Third Lu immediately turned anxious. He brandished the halberd in his hand and was about to cut the back!

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng stood before him like a tall mountain, blocking his path!

"Brat!"

His subordinates were in a dire situation and were madly dancing Thunderclap Dance. Some unlucky ones had even been triggered by a critical hit and had already fallen. Under such a disadvantage, the only solution was to cut off the attacker from the sea of fire. But when Qin Luo, this weakling, ran out to stop them, Lu San was instantly enraged!

"Get lost…"

——————

Author’s Note: I caught a cold. I feel terrible! I’ll stop here today.