Chapter 891: Land Of Curse

"Weeping Soul, we want to enter a level 50 dungeon too!"

Qin Qin Sheng had yet to begin when Mu Mu's voice sounded from the other end of the communicator.

"Weren't you exploring the Wasteland of Death?"

Qin Qin Sheng was speechless on the spot. Are you a roundworm in my stomach, or have you pressed a monitor on me? I haven't even moved yet and you've already discovered me?

"How boring!"

Mu Mu said with an unhappy expression, "We've swept through quite a few bandit nests, it's so slow. It's better to go down with you. Soon, we can slack off again, hehe!"

F*ck!

Qin Luo's forehead was filled with black lines!

Am I a f*cking tool?

"No!"

Qin Qin Sheng rejected him directly. "Don't I smell good alone? No one will share the experience, no one will snatch the spoils of war!"

"I can give you benefits!"

Mumu enticed.

Unfortunately.

This girl was still too immature. This temptation did not have that flavor at all. Instead, she seemed very delicate and naive!

"What benefits?"

Qin Luo said in an unpleasant tone, "Can you still give me the benefits that I don't have or that I'm interested in?"

"Of course!"

Mu Mu suddenly lowered her voice. "I can give you Big Sister Qing Si's contact information, her contact information in real life! How about it? Is this remuneration okay? Hmph, don't think that I don't know that you're definitely eyeing Big Sister Qing Si!"

Qin Luo Sheng was embarrassed!

Was it really that obvious?

"Don't! Do you think I don't know you? The contact information you gave me was fake. Are you trying to get information from me?"

Qin Qin Sheng exposed Mu Mu's true motive without any hesitation.

"So what!" Mu Mu smiled awkwardly and pouted. "So what? Sister Qing Si and I both want to meet you in real life. Aren't we friends? What's wrong with meeting offline?"

"Nothing!" Qin Luo said angrily, "I'm a big, ugly, slovenly loser who has an inferiority complex and doesn't dare to meet you two goddess-level fair-wealthy beauties!"

Mu Mu:…

"Liar!"

Qin Luo said, "Whatever you say! If you don't want to see him, then don't! If you don't want to see him, then don't! If you don't want to see him, then don't! If you don't want to see him, then… I'll anger you to death!"

Mu Mu: "(ﾟ > <)!"

“What will it take for you to bring us into the dungeon? It’s not just me, there’s also Big Sister Qing Si!”

“Enough nonsense. I don’t know Qing Si’s personality very well, but at least I know a thing or two. You must have acted on your own. Even if Qing Si agreed, it must have been you who urged her!”

Mumu: (° ° ๑)

"Am I that unbearable in your heart?"

Her voice was choked.

"Cut it out! You want to act in front of me with your little tricks? Forget it!"

Qin Qin Sheng saw through it at a glance, but he did not continue his attack. One or two sentences were for fun, but if he said any more, it would mean that he really disliked her. No matter what, she was once his sugar daddy and was a beautiful girl. Moreover, she was Qing Si's best friend. He had to give her some face!

"How about this? Send me a few pictures of the green-haired one, and I'll bring you to the dungeon!"

After saying so much, Qin Sheng finally revealed his evil side.

"Big… wolf!"

Sure enough, Mu Muxin’s defense was instantly broken by those words, and she roared furiously.

Except.

Before Qin Sheng could reply, several photos were sent over.

"Damn, they really gave it to him?"

Initially, he had only been joking and testing the waters. He hadn't expected it to actually come. Instantly, Qin Luo was shocked.

He rubbed his hands together!

Qin Luo Sheng's face flushed red. He looked around and realized that he was really alone. Then, he secretly opened the picture. That posture looked like he was preparing to train his traditional craftsmanship.

Yet.

When he clicked on it.

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly filled with question marks.

The picture was a picture!

A beauty was a beauty!

However…

Why did it become Mumu?

Where are my black hair?

"???"

Qin Luo Sheng sent three question marks to Mu Mu!

"Why? Can't my photos work? Am I not beautiful? Can't you masturbate?"

Mu Mu asked calmly.

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless on the spot!

Can't get it out?

Tsk!

What kind of f*cking phrase was this?

Did he have to be so violent?

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and said, "Consider it that I didn't make myself clear. I've fallen into your evil trap. This time, I admit defeat. Where are you guys? Hurry up and come to the teleportation array. I'll wait for you guys inside the dungeon!"

He hung up!

Qin Luo took a few deep breaths before suppressing the rage in his heart!

Even though Mu Mu did not manage to get her hands on a beautiful photo of Qing Si and even posed for her, the photos that Mu Mu sent over were not bad either. Other than the photos of her daily life, there was also a cosplay photo and even a beach swimsuit photo. That was more than 95% of her looks, and she was indeed beautiful. It was a pity that she could not get an A!

Sigh!

Regret!

"Level 50 dungeon, do you want to go?"

Bringing one sheep was the same as bringing a group of sheep.

Just in time.

Since he still had a contract with Sanguine Primrose, he might as well take advantage of this opportunity to deal with her so that he wouldn't have to waste time bringing her along!

"Currently, only Rose and I have reached Level 50!"

Sanguine Primrose quickly replied.

"Alright then, let's form a five-man team!"

A normal team consisted of five people!

There were also ten-person teams, but that was above the difficult mode!

The upper limit of an ordinary dungeon was a five-man team!

"Five minutes!"

…

Activate! Activate!

Five minutes later.

Gather!

Qin Luo Sheng pulled the four girls closer to the group and excitedly began his expedition to the wildlands!

This time, it was Nightmare Mode!

He had no choice.

Ever since the start of the gang auction, countless players had been jealous and had overestimated their capabilities to challenge the high difficulty dungeons. After suffering heavy casualties, they had been talking crazily on the official website, causing the officials to be pressured and have no choice but to update the rules!

In order to challenge the Abyss Mode dungeon, which was the only reward, one had to first obtain the qualification to challenge it. This qualification was to clear the Nightmare Mode dungeon first!

Like this.

Only then can you prove that you have the strength to challenge the final difficulty!

It could be said.

Nightmare mode was the threshold!

The cursed land!

This was the name of a level 50 dungeon!

"Any information on the official website?"

Qin Luo asked.

"No!"

Mu Mu checked and found that it was blank. He shook his head and replied, "There's not even the most basic information. There's only a link to the dungeon, but there's nothing inside!"

Qin Luo understood.

"I'm preparing to broadcast it. Is there any taboo?"

All four women shook their heads!

Mu Mu was lively and active. She even liked cosplaying. She already had quite a reputation previously and had a lot of exposure. Naturally, she did not care about this!

As for Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose, one was the guild leader of the Primrose Militia and the other was the vice guild leader of the Primrose Militia. Now that the Primrose Militia had established a true gang, it was the time to absorb fresh blood and strengthen their power. If they could appear in Qin Luo's live broadcast and enter the dungeon together, how much advertising fees would they be able to save on their popularity?

As for the azure threads!

She liked to be quiet and not show her face!

That was fine too.

With the mask on, the information was hidden. No one knew who she was!