Chapter 899: Power Of Beast Taming, Summoning Ten Battle Pets At Once

"Xiaoxiao, it's up to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath. The gaze of the beast tamer had already shifted towards him. Without another word, he charged forward. His goal was very clear—to stall this bastard so that he could not unleash his full strength. Even if he could summon, he could not summon as he wished.

The strongest defense was offense!

Precisely.

As long as Qin Luo was able to hold back the beast tamer and prevent him from unleashing his full potential, it would be considered as helping Sanguine Primrose and the others the most. This was the root of the problem, and was the strongest defense!

Still.

Just in case, Qin Luo had still left Xiaoxiao behind!

If anything went wrong, Xiaoxiao could help!

Although Xiaoxiao was a Magical Type and was very "fragile", she was still a True Dragon. The dragon scales on her body were no joke. Her defense was much stronger than the players!

Besides.

This was the Nightmare Mode. The aggro mechanism was still there. Even if the Boss was controlled by an AI and was not stupid, it would not be able to escape the system's shackles. It still had to follow the aggro mechanism, so it should not be a big problem!

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Magic conversion!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Old Five.

Ever since Qin Luo lost his skills due to the Dragon Abyss Curse, without the Spirited Snake Step and the Violent Blood Art, his normal augmentation skills had become these five!

Among them, magic energy conversion and magic sword fighting style still belonged to Spellblades. Fortunately, these were augmentation skills and not killing skills. When used, there were no real changes to their appearance, so they weren't afraid of being exposed!

"Hunting Tiger!"

There was nothing to say.

He would strike first and predict the enemy's moves first. In a normal battle, he would definitely be ranked first!

Besides.

This Beast Tamer was a magic type BOSS and was an extremely rare Summoner!

Could this f*cking make him use it?

If he did not restrict Qin Luo to death immediately, there was no need to play games anymore!

The terrifying effect of Hunting Tiger forced him to control the beast tamer for five seconds. The beast tamer, who was about to attack, froze on the spot with fear in his eyes!

“Vicious Destruction!”

The first thing he did was to unleash a brutal attack. He aimed at the same spot where Lu Lin's arm had been. He wanted to cut off his arm completely!

Even if the existence of magic was far less dependent on the arm than the physical one, it would still be affected!

Unfortunately.

I've failed again!

Apart from dealing damage, the crippling effect of the Savage Maul was not triggered!

Tsk!

"Seems like it's still too difficult! The Savage Maul is just a normal Epic skill. The chances of activating it on a powerful Boss are pathetic!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed helplessly. "At times like this, I really miss the Dual Knife Style. I also miss the Hundred Battles Bloody Soldiers that were endowed with [Army Breaker]!"

F*ck your crazy Young Master Thunder!

The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. If he took a step back, the more he would suffer!

The [Weapon Proficiency] skill that could control dual blades was eliminated by the Dragon Abyss Curse!

However, the Hundred-Battles Blood Soldiers had been lost in the Furious Bears Mountain Range. When they had been attacked by Young Master Thunder and the dragons, they had fallen and been picked up by someone!

Usually!

Once the Brutal Strike and [Broken Army Breaks the Ranks] were combined, it would either cripple or break. The chances of triggering it were extremely high!

And now.

Sigh.

Forget it!

"Slash, slash, slash, slash…"

The idea of crippling him was not realized, but Qin Luo's attack had not been interrupted.

Lu Lin.

The physical defense of a Beast Tamer was simply broken!

Qin Luo Sheng had activated five levels. To be precise, it was four levels of augmentation skills. The damage was simply explosive!

"Power of Beast Taming!"

Five seconds later.

When the beast tamer woke up, the first thing he did was to flicker and break away from Qin Sheng's sword attack!

Then.

Activate your own talents.

Instantly.

Ten hexagram formations rose.

Qin Luo was shocked.

What kind of monster was this?

Even if you are a BOSS, isn't this too much?

Summon ten battle pets at once?

Are you f * * king kidding me!?

"Be careful!"

Qin Qin Sheng swept his gaze over and instantly felt his head swell.

The battle pets summoned by the Beast Tamer were all elites. They were even better than the Bronze-tier Bosses that they had encountered in the courtyard. They were all Silver-tier!

The most terrifying thing was that these Silver-rank battle pets were different. They were not a single race. There were speed-type, strength-type, magic-type…

Once they worked together, the combat power they could unleash would not be as simple as one plus one!

"F*ck!"

Previously, it had been Qin Luo who had pestered the beast tamer so that he could not get rid of him. Now, the situation had been reversed. The beast tamer had pestered Qin Luo and prevented him from returning to help.

Even though the hatred of the beast tamer had locked onto Qin Sheng, his combat intelligence was extremely high and he knew how to bully the weak and fear the strong. Moreover, this did not break away from the hatred mechanism. His hatred was indeed in Qin Sheng's battle pet, but it had nothing to do with Qin Sheng and would not be restrained. Naturally, he would immediately attack the four girls who were pushovers.

Sigh.

After five seconds of fear from Hunting Tiger, the four girls had attacked the Beast Tamer!

That's right.

It was just like that!

"Flying Rain-Dragon Shadow…"

Qin Sheng subconsciously wanted to cast a forbidden spell and kill these 10 blind beasts as he watched the 10 battle pets pounce on the four delicate and weak girls.

Except.

The forbidden spell was an indiscriminate attack. If one did not grasp it well, it was easy to accidentally injure one. Yet, he endured it!

"Great Fire Wall!"

“Earth Split Flame!”

"Blizzard Sky!"

Even though their chances of winning were slim against the charge of ten Silver grade bosses, Sanguine Primrose and the other girls weren't the type to cheat. In an instant, they erupted with the strength of a top tier player.

The two Fire Mages had a clear division of labor. A wall of fire was erected in front of them to block the attacking route and prevent the battle pets that had long-range attacks. One of the Earthshatter Flames covered the entire road to give the melee pets some thorns!

As for the Water Mage Sanguine Rose, she did not use any offensive spells. Instead, she used a variation of the Water Mage skill, turning water into snow. Instantly, snowflakes filled the sky, blocking the line of sight of the battle pets and slowing down their attacks!

"Beautiful!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

He was a little worried!

All this while, because he was too powerful, he had unknowingly done a lot of things that should have been done by his teammates.

Once or twice was fine.

However, if this continued, there would be a subconscious tacit agreement that there was no need for teammates, teammates were useless, and so on!

Now.

His teammate's seed explosion, no, it should be said that it was a normal performance. It left him extremely amazed!

Qin Luo Sheng did not doubt that even if he did not interfere, these four girls could work together and destroy the ten battle pets!

This was…

Intuition!