Chapter 890: Versailles Teachers?

"What's a pity?"

Qin Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes and followed Zen Master Xuan Yue's words.

"It's a pity that my brain isn't too good!"

Zen Master Xuan Yue sneered. "A flower that has never experienced the darkness of a greenhouse is too naive. You always want to walk the pugilistic world with your sword and get rid of evil to punish evil. Little do you know that your narrow-mindedness restricts you. The so-called geniuses of a region are just frogs in the well!"

"You're right, you're right!" Qin Sheng clenched his fists and stepped forward, his tone cold. "I'll be gentler with your words later!"

“Hahahaha…” Zen Master Xuan Yue burst out laughing. “You’re really a young man who doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth! You think you’re so arrogant just because you have a bit of talent? Do you think I’ve seen so many geniuses? Little brat, let me tell you something. Only geniuses who can grow up are geniuses. Those who die young are all dirt!”

"You might not be a good person, but you still entered the Sha Gate first and then the Sacred Dao. You still have some knowledge. As for what you said, there's some mystery behind it, and there's some truth to it. I quite agree!" Qin Luo replied. "It's a pity that what others say is quite normal, but coming from you, it's really hard to explain in a few words!"

Zen Master Xuan Yue:???

“Do you really think I’m here to die and not to be buried?”

Qin Luo's aura suddenly erupted.

In particular, the Abyssal Hands in his hand revealed an aura that belonged to a Mythical equipment. Zen Master Xuan Yue was shocked!

"Don't worry, I won't kill you quickly. I tortured that old Daoist priest who refined pills for you for a full minute before killing him! Unfortunately, that fellow's body is too weak. I'm already so careful, but he can only last for a minute. As for you, you should be able to last a little longer!"

Qin Luo had a sinister smile on his face. Compared to Zen Master Xuanyue, he looked more like a villainous demon. "Don't disappoint me!"

Zen Master Xuan Yue couldn't help but tremble. His eyes were filled with fear!

"Don't, we have things to discuss…"

The rich experience had taught Zen Master Xuan Yue how to advance and retreat. She immediately opened her mouth to beg for mercy. However, Qin Sheng had already taken a step forward. Before he could even utter a word of plea, an iron fist landed heavily on his face!

-135,000!

Tsk!

He was too heavy-handed!

Even though he had already restrained his strength, the speed at which he charged forward just now was the quality, and it still increased the weight of his fist, causing him to deal hundreds of thousands of damage!

Although the previous punch had dealt 200,000 to 300,000 damage, Zen Master Xuan Yue was different. After all, he was an Epic BOSS. He had some cards up his sleeves and did not have any augmentation or any augmentation skills. A normal attack could deal a six-digit damage. That was really powerful!

"Let me go!"

Zen Master Xuan Yue's expression changed.

He collapsed to the ground and begged for mercy.

If he had only been suspicious just now, now that he had been punched, he could clearly feel the difference and was instantly terrified!

"Let you go?"

Qin Luo's expression changed abruptly, turning into that of an evil spirit. "Then, have you ever thought of letting those children go? Letting those innocent women go? Letting those innocent people who were killed by you or died because of you?… What right do you have to beg for mercy?"

Zen Master Xuan Yue was speechless!

He knew.

He was basically finished!

If it were any other wily old fox, they might have been able to beguile him a little. However, this young brat in front of them had an extremely strong sense of justice. His eyes could not tolerate any sand, and the world he knew was either black or white!

How could a heinous person like him be forgiven?

Indeed!

Another vicious kick landed!

Although the attack power was the same on the virtual data, this was the real model. There were no additional kicks. It was completely different from the Mythical equipment, the Abyssal Hands' boxing claw!

After all.

Even in a virtual battle, there were still weak spots!

So.

The damage caused by the kick was greatly reduced. It delayed Master Xuan Yue's time of death. At the same time, it also increased the torture time for him!

"It's almost time!"

After torturing them for a while, Zen Master Xuan Yue also vented his anger. Qin Sheng lost interest and looked to the side. The nine children had no tricks at all. They had killed all the pitiful women who had been brainwashed and were now surrounding them.

"Let's end this!"

Initially, he wanted these fellows to vent their frustrations as well. However, with their level and strength, it was impossible!

Those who had the ability, such as his younger brother, Qin Sheng, were stronger because of the full set of + 7 equipment he had given them. Unfortunately, their levels were slightly lower. Even if they had been brought into two waves of dungeons, they were only level 29 now!

As for Ye Tiandi and the rest, they were at Level 32, but it was a pity that their equipment was too lousy. It was just a normal mix of Silver and Bronze, with a maximum Enhancement + 3. As for the Gold equipment dropped from the two waves of dungeons, there was no time to appraise it, let alone enhance it!

"Boss, shall I give this to you?"

Qin Luo Sheng had ended Zen Master Xuan Yue's life. This was the first time everyone in the team had entered the [Blackwind Stronghold] 's Abyssal Mode. Even though Qin Sheng's level was much higher and his drop rate was lower, it was his fault that his Luck Points were raised. It was not a huge drop, but he had produced quite a lot of equipment.

The children consciously cleaned up the battlefield and picked up the spoils of war!

Captain Heavenly Thearch Ye handed an Epic shield over. It was the only Epic equipment dropped by Master Xuan Yue!

"There's no need for that. Such trash is useless to me!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused without even looking!

Everyone:…

F*ck!

‘ You’re a Versailles guide?’

An Epic equipment was actually called trash?

Even if it was a Level 49 boss, wouldn't it be better to sell it for money?

Even though the frontline players were close to level 50 and couldn't even be considered a third-string player at level 30, they were still Epic equipment. Their original equipment might not even be comparable to a normal level 50 Gold equipment!

"Alright, that's all for today! I have something on, so I'll be leaving first!"

After being teleported out of the dungeon, Qin Sheng directly exited the team. Then, by himself, he coolly clicked on the Instance Dungeon Teleportation and entered the Level 50 Instance Dungeon!

Shuang Xue Feng Hua: "Brother, thank you!"

Half-City Smoke Sand: "Bro, thanks!"

"Don't play for too long. If I find out that the two of you have delayed your rest because of playing, don't blame me!"

Qin Luo Sheng replied to them in a half threatening and half educating manner, "Also, if Mom and Dad are free, bring them to play games. There's no need to fight and kill. It's also very good to travel in this game and look at the scenery! I'll order the gaming capsule tomorrow, remember to accept it!"

…