Chapter 897: Special Skill: Berserk Punch

"Don't even think about delaying it!"

Xiaoxiao rolled her eyes and said, "This big idiot has a special physique. Even though his intelligence is not obvious, his physique is extremely strong. This berserk state can last for half an hour!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Was he even human?

The Berserk lasted for half an hour?

F*ck!

If a normal BOSS could last for three minutes, it would already be considered impressive. However, this fella actually increased it by ten times?

"Since that's the case, let's fight head-on!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath, no longer thinking about escaping. "A mere Gold Boss Enhancement, even if it's berserk or special, your old man's strength can only be considered at the Epic stage! Countless Epic Bosses have died under my sword, are you f*cking pretending!"

Dodge, dodge, dodge again!

Leopard Stab + Ethereal Steps. This combination was simply terrifying!

Although Lu Lin's strength had increased exponentially, it had increased his offensive and defensive capabilities. In terms of speed, there was no enhancement at all. He was still being played by Qin Sheng and could not even touch the corner of his clothes!

Fortunately.

After going berserk, it was not completely useless. At the very least, after the increase in attack power, the destructive power also increased along with it, causing the explosive fist blaster that was similar to Lu Lin's body to expand its attack range. In order to avoid injury, Qin Sheng's attack frequency decreased by a lot!

40%!

30%!

20%!

10%!

He was unable to attack the enemy, but he was constantly being beaten up.

Qin Luo's health points were quickly whittled down to 10%!

“Explosive Fist Rod!”

In a matter of life and death, even if his IQ was -100%, Lu Lin displayed the qualities that a strong person should have. He no longer smashed around like a mad dog. Instead, he stopped his actions and aimed the Explosive Fist Rod in his hand at Qin Sheng, beginning to accumulate power!

“A final desperate struggle?”

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye had long seen Lu Lin's abilities. Naturally, he was not surprised by his outburst.

The Explosive Fist Pistol was accumulating energy. The opening of the metal shield wall revealed the barrel of the cannon. It was like an energy cannon from science fiction!

"The power is not bad. It's shocking. However, I've been accumulating power for too long. Even though it's similar to the Heaven-Shattering Fist, I don't intend to escape!"

Lu Lin was accumulating strength, and so was Qin Sheng.

"As long as we solve your attack from the root, all problems will no longer be a problem!"

Qin Luo Sheng tightened his grip on the Sacred Dragon Sword. With a sudden sway of his body, he appeared in front of Lu Lin, who was more than ten meters away. His sword slashed heavily across Lu Lin's throat, cutting open a circular arc of light. "Sword Burst!"

-154,000!

A 150,000 damage figure exploded!

But this was useless!

Lu Lin, who had 10% Health Points, was not someone that could be killed with one strike!

"Weeping Soul!"

The accumulation of the Exploding Fist Rod continued. The ultimate attack that was nearing the end, that terrifying boundless energy made the four girls watching from the far corner extremely uneasy!

“Saint Dragon—- Berserk Slash!”

Qin Luo Sheng paid no attention to the shouts behind him. With a focused expression, his eyes locked onto the weak spot where Lu Lin's right arm was connected to the Explosive Fist Rod. His eyes shone brightly as he instantly drew his sword!

In an instant!

The sword qi was like a rainbow, shining with golden light!

Qin Luo Sheng's right arm turned into an afterimage. The body of the Sacred Dragon Sword transformed into a golden radiance as it swiftly and valiantly slashed at the weak point that the Heavenly Eye could see!

Initially, Lu Lin's right arm had already been broken. This Explosive Fist Rod could be considered a type of mechanical arm that was connected to his arm!

And this…

No matter how skillful the connection was, it was still connected. There would always be gaps that could be seen and weaknesses could be exploited!

Seven consecutive strikes that were as fast as lightning!

The special effect of the rupture!

One second.

Just as the accumulation of power from the Explosive Fist Rod was about to end and the terrifying attack that might possibly send this courtyard flying was about to appear, Qin Luo Sheng, who had made the first move, turned the tide at the critical moment!

An arm shot into the sky!

Without the connection between Lu Lin's will and energy, the Explosive Fist Pistol was about to charge out of the muzzle, but it was instantly extinguished and returned to peace!

And Lu Lin!

Qin Luo had already been at the end of his rope. After receiving one of Qin Luo's Saint Dragon Carnage Slash and seven consecutive strikes, he could not withstand it at all and died just like that!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 55 Gold Boss—Lu Lin. EXP gained: 1,800W + Reputation: 1,500! '

Hu…

The system's prompt finally made Qin Sheng heave a sigh of relief.

"Eh, there's a Skill Book?"

The ground was covered in glittering gold, dazzling one's eyes. However, this was nothing for Qin Sheng, who was an experienced player. With his sharp eyes, he immediately saw the items that were incompatible with gold coins, Augmenting Gems, Crystals, Equipment, and so on in the pile of spoils. The green leather was simple and unadorned, with a length of six and a width of four. If it wasn't a Skill Book, what was it?

Crystal coins, spirit crystals and Augmenting Gems. Qin Luo accepted them all without hesitation!

This was a contract with Sanguine Primrose!

He would bring the dungeon and her the only reward!

However, all the spoils of war belonged to him!

However…

With Qing Si and Mu Mu around, Qin Sheng could not keep it for himself!

So.

It was just that after taking in the three treasures of the Boss, the other spoils of war would be shared. They would belong to whoever they belonged to. According to the general distribution method, if they could use it, they would give out red packets to the other teammates.

‘ Of course.’

There was another way to distribute wild teams or unfamiliar players, and that was to buy them at the market price X discount and split the gold coins equally with the other teammates!

As for the other things that he did not need, he could just randomly reject those that were not worth anything. Whoever was lucky would get it. He did not need to give any additional red packets!

If it was worth money, it could also depend on luck. Of course, most of the players who came to ROLL would get a big lead, and they would still have to give a portion of the gold coins to their teammates as a bonus!

These.

Not in Qin Luo's team!

Firstly, they were all rich people and did not care about such things. Giving red packets was just a gesture to get some good fortune. They did not really have to share it so clearly!

Secondly, everyone was already so familiar with Qin Luo. At least when he was leading the team, everyone in the mountain was basically just there to watch and had no right to speak!

"Yo, your luck is pretty good!"

Even Qin Sheng was somewhat delighted when he saw the spoils of war he wanted to get some Roll.

The Enhanced Gold Boss dropped an Epic equipment, three pieces of Gold, six pieces of Silver, and a Skill Book. It was truly a super explosion!

Epic equipment was a level 50 Priest's Legguards. Without a doubt, if everyone gave up, the only Priest in the team would be taken away!

The remaining three pieces of gold, a shield, a dagger and a staff were all the most expensive weapons among the five items!

The staff was a staff of all attributes (no elements). Everyone present could use it except for Qin Sheng!

Thus…

Four girls Roll!

In the end, Mu Mu's skill was better. With 95 points, he looked down on everyone and happily obtained the Gold Staff that could only be used at Level 52!

The other shields and daggers were thrown into disarray!

Qin Luo Sheng's face darkened. He did not get a single item, and the points did not even exceed 50 points. He almost vomited from disgust!

Qin Sheng's eyes were on the last piece of loot after being whacked for nothing.

With a gentle touch, the skill book's information was displayed!

[Berserk Punch (Special Skill)] Requirement: Melee Physical Type!