Chapter 900: Gui Yi, The Evolved Beast Tamer, Half-Step Epic

Qin Luo knew very little about Mu Mu and Qing Si's strength!

However, he had witnessed the strength of the Blood Rose and Blood Rose back in the Moon Temple!

Especially Sanguine Primrose.

Previously, in order to accumulate ten thousand crystal coins for Zhang Daoming, he had no choice but to be hired by her to help her complete the Second Stage Professional Mission. From then on, he would head to the Ice Shrine!

At that time.

Not only did Sanguine Primrose receive the honor and reward of being the first to complete her second Class Advancement, she also received a very strong pet at the peak of the ninth rank, as well as the Snow Goddess' gift!

This…

The transformation of this water magic did not slow down at all. Not only was it extremely powerful, but its range was also very wide. It clearly surpassed ordinary water magic casters by a large margin.

“Can you handle it?”

Qin Luo, who was about to help, suddenly stopped and began to hesitate.

Although his EQ was not high, his IQ was not bad.

If this kind of teammate show-off series was destroyed by male chauvinism and interfered in the battle, wouldn't it be bad?

"Idiot!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, the four girls were in sync and revealed helpless expressions at the same time. Mu Mu even stomped her feet and scolded, "You want us four weak mages to deal with ten bosses at the same time?"

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

I was wrong!

I shouldn't have any fucking expectations of you!

Don't think that I can't tell that all of you are just lazy and don't want to reveal too many trump cards!

Do you think I'm a fool?

"Xiaoxiao!"

Qin Luo Sheng called out to Xiaoxiao who was floating in the air. Xiaoxiao, who was telepathically connected to him, naturally understood what he meant!

"Hu…"

A scorching dragon breath shot out.

The battle pets that were already dancing on the Earth-Cracking Flame instantly fell into a scorching sea of fire and let out miserable cries!

"Soul Lamp Spirit Voice!"

Qin Sheng did not slack off on his small actions either. Just because he did not go over did not mean that he could not assist. He immediately took out the [Soul Guiding Lamp] and shook it. He shook it again!

The dim Soul Guiding Lamp released a light that made people tipsy. Together with the sacred voice and the special sound wave that sounded like a demonic voice, it filled the entire battlefield.

One move.

Not only were the ten battle pets affected, even Qin Luo and the trembling beast tamer were instantly stunned!

"1,2,3, NICE!"

Not only did the Soul Lamp and Spirit Voice have a three-second state of confusion, it also had a certain chance of confusing the mind and making the target yours!

This…

Out of the ten battle pets, seven had fallen into chaos. Like mad dogs, they attacked their closest allies, while the remaining three had fallen from the hands of the beast tamer into Qin Sheng's hands!

"Attack with full force, don't care about the aggro!"

Even without Qin Sheng's instructions, the few experienced chicks could instantly tell that something was wrong. Even though they were also affected by the strange sound, under Qin Sheng's control, they only felt a little uncomfortable and were not controlled!

Qin Luo Sheng was multitasking as well. He controlled his three battle pets to draw cold weapons on the battlefield, as well as the powerful offensive lineup formed by the three great Fire and Water Mages. He attacked without reservation…

Instantly.

The ten War Pets were trapped in the ice and fire. They could not say anything as their health points dropped drastically!

Qin Sheng did not stay idle during the three seconds of chaos. After a series of fierce attacks, the health points of the beast tamer dropped drastically. It was now less than 20%!

The awakened Beast Tamer saw that his battle pet was on the verge of death before it could even touch the enemy’s hair. He was also trapped and could not live long!

"Gui Yi!"

A sharp glint flashed in the eyes of the beast tamer, and a stream of grey energy burst forth from his body. Qin Sheng was caught off guard and was forced to retreat involuntarily. He was actually pushed back!

Roar…

Roar…

Shriek…

Moo…

Yang…

…

When the ten battle pets received the beast tamer's call, they broke free from the chaos and control of Qin Sheng's spirit lamp and raised their heads to let out a heaven-shaking roar!

Under Qin Luo's incredulous gaze, the ten battle pets self-destructed and turned into a stream of blood qi that was devoured by the beast tamer!

Ding… Beast Tamer evolved, upgraded to half-step Epic Boss!

Qin Sheng:…

Damn it!

It was killing him!

He advanced just as he was about to die?

Not only had his strength increased to half-step Epic, his attributes had also increased dramatically, and his Health Points had also recovered to 50%. Furthermore, it was still increasing continuously, with 30,000 points of Recovery per second!

"Fuck you!"

Qin Luo was instantly enraged.

Resisting the urge to use the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison, he suddenly patted the Illusionary Spirit ribbon at his waist. Instantly, a dense five-colored brilliance flashed, causing the Beast Tamer, who had originally used the skill ‘Return to One’to fuse with his ten battle pets to obtain strength, to fall into a trance!

"Xiaoxiao, help me stall him!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not want to waste any more time with this guy, but he did not want to expose too much of his abilities. Therefore, he shifted his gaze to a certain skill and called out to Xiaoxiao before gathering his strength!

“Demon Wheel Slasher!”

How weak were Summoners without summoned beasts?

Perhaps he could not even defeat a Priest!

Yet.

That was not the case for a BOSS that was half an Epic!

He saw…

After the beast tamer broke free from the maze, his originally skinny and shriveled body wriggled. He instantly turned from a dying old man to a fit and handsome man!

Not only that.

Under the control of the secret technique, two more arms emerged from under his arms.

The four-armed beast tamer held four black wheel disks that had come out of nowhere. In one of the wuxia novels Qin Luo Sheng had read, there was an expert weapon called the Golden Wheel. As it spun, the sharp leaves made of metal let out an ear-piercing sound.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Seeing that the situation was not looking good, Xiaoxiao suddenly swooped down and circled around Qin Sheng, blocking the attacks of the four black wheels for him!

"Xiaoxiao!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were about to split open!

Although the defense of the small dragon scale was extremely thick, she was still a young dragon and not the Black Dragon with the strongest physical defense. On the contrary, she was a Magic Dragon and had signed a contract with him, becoming a pet of a player. Other than her feet, she was constantly falling!

This cut directly destroyed the dragon scales, causing the dragon blood to spill!

His health bar dropped by nearly half!

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

How could Xiaoxiao take a beating passively when she was attacked? Even if she wanted to protect Qin Sheng, her attacks had never been based on her physical body. Instead, she had relied on her astonishing magical cultivation and… the secret techniques of the dragon race!

Thus…

Little Tiny opened its mouth and let out a sharp and high-pitched dragon roar.

In an instant.

The ruthlessness in the eyes of the Beast Tamer, who was already half-step into the Epic stage, disappeared without a trace. What replaced it was endless fear. The black wheel in his hand that he was about to throw out stopped at this moment!