Chapter 107: Snake Girl Enraged

"Hey, little brother, why aren't you looking at me anymore? Am I so unsightly?"

Snake Girl said aggrievedly as tears shimmered in her eyes. She was truly pitiful.

Qin Qin Sheng, on the other hand, expressed that he was completely unmoved and even wanted to laugh!

Hur!

With your head full of snake hair, half-human and half-snake-like appearance, why are you acting so pitiful?

Hmph!

Demon, I can tell at one glance that you're not human!

"Stop acting. You can't charm me!"

Qin Qin Sheng laughed coldly, his eyes resolute and his mind clear.

In reality, he was also a man, a normal man.

If such a stunning beauty were to speak to him delicately, he wouldn't be able to endure it either.

Unfortunately!

Snake Girl had chosen the wrong place and the wrong target!

To be able to dominate the Zuan stage for ten years with his parents still alive and his realm raised to the perfected stage of Sword Thearch, how could Qin Luo Sheng be summarized by a mere loser of a world? He was also the famous straight man of steel. Otherwise, how could he not have even held hands with big sister other than playing games in kindergarten?

Furthermore!

Look at this damned place!

It was eerie, terrifying, and poisonous. There were snake eggs everywhere. Even a lustful demon wouldn't be interested in it.

Furthermore!

With Snake Girl's appearance, she dared to come out and charm the enemy. Who gave her the courage? Did she not have a good impression of her own appearance? Not to mention anything else, just based on her head of snake hair, normal people would feel weak looking at her!

"Tsk, what an unromantic man!"

Seeing that her charm was ineffective, Snake Girl also removed her disguise. Her delicate and charming face recovered its indifference, and her snake eyes that were on the verge of tears turned cold. She extended her forked tongue and licked her fiery red lips. She said sternly, "Since you won't play with me, I'll swallow you!"

"Probing!"

[Snake Girl]

Basic Attributes: Power: 6.52, Constitution: 5.28, Agility: 4.05, Spirit: 3.38

Life Stage: Golden Peak

Magic Power Level: Beginner Silver

"Peak of Gold?"

Qin Luo Sheng found it difficult!

However, now was not the time to think about this!

Snake Girl had already charged over at lightning speed!

"Sword Aura Cross effect, activate!"

With a casual slash, sword qi burst forth!

The two-meter-long Sword Aura took advantage of the momentum to charge forward. It fiercely met the attack head-on and slashed in the direction of Snake Girl's pounce.

"Brother, why are you so enthusiastic?"

Snake Girl agilely twisted her snake body and easily dodged the fast attack. She changed her strategy and continued attacking from the side. At the same time, she interfered. "You are really heartless to kill such a cute girl like me!"

"Cut the crap, demon! Bring it on!"

As soon as the battle started, Qin Sheng became absolutely focused and was not affected by Snake Girl at all. He lifted the [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. The green blade was piercingly cold and the sword aura was awe-inspiring as it charged forward. "Watch me, Mighty Sky Dragon!"

“Dragon?”

Snake Girl was stunned and a little frightened. Then, she paused for a moment, causing the sword qi to approach her. It was difficult for her to dodge and she was struck.

"Despicable human, you are indeed cunning. How dare you deceive me!"

Snake Girl was enraged. She looked at the few red scales on her beautiful snake tail that had shallow marks left on them, ruining her overall beauty and lowering her charm. She was on the verge of going berserk.

"F*ck! You're just a native of the Fated World after all. Even though the real mode has given life to you've turned from a virtual body into a flesh and blood body, there's still a lot of limitations. Are you kidding me, Big Sis? If there really was a Mighty Sky Dragon, would you still be able to jump around in front of me? I would have killed you with a slap!"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded, but his hands were not slow!

To deal with something like Snake Girl, which could almost be called a demon, hiding oneself was equivalent to risking one's life!

This battle!

He had to give it his all!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Clever!"

"Leopard Tu!"

Three augmentation techniques were executed one after another. In an instant, Qin Sheng's speed skyrocketed!

Following that…

"Berserk Potion!"

He gulped down a potion, and his attack power increased by 20%!

"Sirius!"

The image of the giant wolf appeared. With the power of the Heavenly Wolf, its attack power doubled. It was definitely a critical hit!

Swoosh…

The sudden attack of the snake's tail revealed its terrifying strength in its petite form. Qin Sheng could clearly hear the sound of the air being torn apart!

“Shadow Slash!”

However!

Too slow!

After increasing his speed by three times, Qin Sheng's speed had already far surpassed Snake Girl's. He easily dodged the attack and with a flip of his hand, the [Coiling Dragon Water] released a stream of sword qi. It carried the special effect of the [Shadow Slash] and slashed heavily onto Snake Girl's body.

One slash!

Defend!

Snake scales flew everywhere and blood flowed everywhere!

"It's effective!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes flashed with joy, but he did not. Taking advantage of the Snake Girl's cry of pain, he transformed into a shadow and chased after her.

"Shadow Assault!"

Shifting forms, teleporting!

"Shadow Stab!"

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] revealed its tip with a dense stench of blood. The tip of the sword was red as it stabbed heavily into Snake Girl's neck!

The sharpness of the weapon was unstoppable!

Without armor or snake scales, Snake Girl was only made of flesh and blood. How could she withstand the sharp edge of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]? She was pierced through on the spot, and wherever the blade passed, it seemed unstoppable!

"Now I finally know why the High Priest said that his ancestor had assassinated the high ranking members of the Demon Race. The Shadow Warrior's ability is really too much of a bug. He was born to be an assassin!"

Qin Luo Sheng exclaimed, "Not to mention that it's hard for you to detect it, so what if you did? The ability of the shadow is impossible to guard against. If you're not careful, you'll fall for it. And often, victory or defeat is determined in a single move."

"Slash!"

On the real battlefield, the [Shadow Spike] actually had a one-second stun effect. This made Qin Sheng overjoyed. Without any hesitation, he seized the opportunity and raised the [Coiling Dragon Liquid] high, charged it, and then slashed down heavily!

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

The azure sword was as powerful as a mountain as it slashed viciously at Snake Girl's exposed neck.

With Snake Girl's exposed defensive capabilities, this slash would be enough to decapitate her!

However!

Just as the tip of the sword was about to touch Snake Girl's neck, the snake hair that had been silent all this while suddenly came alive. It let out a sharp hiss and fell down, turning into a shield in front of Snake Girl's neck.

"F*ck!"

The sharp edge of the sword passed by in an instant and successfully cut into the flesh. But Qin Sheng's face was ashen. He withdrew his sword without hesitation and retreated!

Cutting into flesh was indeed cutting into flesh, but this flesh was the flesh of a snake's head, not Snake Girl's neck!

“You dare harm my beautiful hair? Human, I will eat you alive!”

After a second of dizziness, Snake Girl looked at the snake bodies that had fallen to the ground and had lost their lives. She could not help but touch her right head and realized that the place where her "hair" was originally densely covered was now bald. She went berserk on the spot!

“Myriad Spirit Snake Formation!”