Chapter 101: Special Skill: World-Slaying (2)

Why are you looking at me?

Do you think I'm a f*cking awesome person?

If even the countless experts of the Imperial Court could not solve this problem, what could a weakling like me do?

Qin Luo Sheng felt his head hurting!

However!

He was very interested in this hidden mission.

High risk meant high rewards, however much they paid and how much they received.

Moreover, in his original plan, he was prepared to pass the trial’s abyssal difficulty!

Now that there was a hidden mission to provide warmth, no matter how one looked at it, it was a profit!

"Ding… Your mission [Exterminate the sinister devils] has been triggered. Do you accept?"

Of course!

"Ding, your mission has changed. Please check the mission panel!"

Mission accomplished!

“Don’t worry High Priest, I won’t fail your mission!”

Qin Luo took his leave politely and left coolly.

[Mission Title: Zombie Suppression

[Mission Introduction] The ancient secret ground used to suppress the evil corpse. Due to the influence of the blood and resentment, the sleeping evil corpse woke up and wanted to break free from the seal and return to the human world.

[Mission Details: Suppress or kill the corpse]

[Mission Time] 15 days

[Mission Reward] Unknown

[Punishment for Failure] None

“The High Priest has finally become a human!”

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief after reading the mission introduction.

It was good that there was no punishment!

He first went to the appraisal shop to appraise the equipment dropped by Demon-Buster Great General Zhang Xin.

Two silver and one gold. The appraisal fee was 18 gold coins. It was extremely expensive!

Fortunately, Zhang Xin had given him 32 gold coins when he dropped the equipment. Otherwise, he would not have been able to afford the appraisal fee.

Money makes things easier!

The moment the 18 gold coins were collected, the equipment covered in dust was already glowing.

Same old rules!

In the arrangement of the Starlight Miracle!

After the specks of starlight, the two silver and one gold became two gold and one Epic. It was a pity that they did not skip levels!

Ignoring the golden Mage's Scepter and warrior armor, Qin Luo pulled out the Epic-ranked single-handed sword with fiery eyes.

[Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 10, Warrior

Effect: Attack + 280, Strength + 50

Special Effect: [Hundred Battles] has been through hundreds of battles and is invincible. During battle, focus + 5, willpower + 10. As time passes, physical attack power will gradually increase. Every 10 seconds, it will increase by 1%, up to 50%!

Special Effect: [Blood Soldier] has been stained with a large amount of blood. It has been reduced from a Spirit Soldier to a Blood Soldier. When unsheathed, it will drink blood. + 20% Life-Steal effect!

Additional Skill: [Backwater War] consumes 80% of its current health to supply [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Awakens [Blood Demon] buff, increases 80% physical attack power, 100% Life-Steal effect, + 5 meters attack range! After activating this state, [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] is unable to use skills and can only use normal attacks. At the same time, the normal attacks have a certain fear, intimidation, and tearing chance! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: Originally, it was a spirit weapon. It was forged by the royal family as a Grandmaster Blacksmith. The emperor bestowed it to a general under his command. Because there were too many massacres on the battlefield, it drank blood and gradually became a blood soldier. Only a general filled with murderous aura could control it.

Awesome!

Bloodthirsty could finally retire!

Initially, Qin Luo was still a little hesitant. After all, although [Bloodthirst] could not keep up with the pace, its ability to suck blood was really useful.

Especially when he was killing the Boss, after activating the augmentation skill, how terrifying would the attack strength be? At that time, with a single slash, he would trigger 10% Life-Steal. If there was a critical hit, he would be able to suck back a few thousand health points in one go, and he would be able to take on the Boss directly!

However!

After seeing the effects of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldiers], Qin Sheng put it down!

It was even more powerful than Bloodthirst’s ability to suck blood, and it also had an additional effect of concentration and willpower. It could also gradually increase its attack power as the battle dragged on.

Wasn't this the growth equipment that all players dreamed of?

Although this growth rate was a little crooked!

Other than that, there was also the supplementary skill [Back to the Water]!

This skill was really powerful!

Even though there was a flaw of not being able to use skills after activating it, the enhancement and special effects were rather terrifying. It was as if the weak chicken had instantly become superman.

“Sigh, are we just going to say goodbye like this?”

Qin Sheng had been following his companion since the beginning of the game when he saw Bloodthirst. He felt very complicated.

Qin Luo turned on the virtual trading platform and ignored the dazzling array of equipment. He looked at the sub-platforms of [Purchasing] and [Exchange].

"Ha!"

After a short while, Qin Sheng turned it off and sneered. "Do you think your hundreds of thousands of yuan is worthy of my Bloodlust?"

This was the "divine weapon" that had been following me all this time, stained with the blood of the Snake Girl, the Naga Queen, the Bronze-Armored Zombie, Elder Feng, and the other Bosses. It was also my tearful companion, my third hand!

Hmm!

More money!

He quickly entered the sub channel [Sale] and placed Bloodlust on it. Price: 300,000 RMB. Click confirmed!

It was done in one go!

Floating clouds and flowing water!

"Goodbye, my Bloodlust!"

Qin Luo waved away his tears. "With me, you've already completed your mission. You're a proud person and shouldn't be buried in my dark backpack. Drinking the blood of your enemies is the meaning of your existence. I hope you can continue to shine and burn in the hands of the new master. Don't worry, the new master will definitely place great importance on you. He definitely won't abandon you like a heartless man like me!"

Hmm!

No problem!

A person who could bear to buy 30W + RMB would definitely cherish it!?

Qin Luo's [Bloodthirsty] seemed to have awakened some strange attributes. He sold the two pieces of Gold equipment he had just appraised, one staff and one armor. They were priced at 20W + RMB and 15W + RMB respectively. He then placed the hundreds of pieces of equipment in the Illusionary Spirit ribbon at the lowest market price in order to sell them as soon as possible.

"Ding, the Bronze Equipment [Black Dagger] that you sent has been sold. Price: 5,000 + RMB, 10% deduction fee. The remaining 4,500 + RMB is temporarily stored in your virtual wallet. Please head to the Virtual Trading Platform and check carefully!"

"Ding, the Silver Equipment [Steel Legguards] that you sent has been sold. Price: 12,000 + RMB, 10% of the processing fee deducted. The remaining 10,800 + RMB is temporarily stored in your virtual wallet. Please head to the Virtual Exchange Platform and check carefully!"

Ding…

As soon as it was uploaded, the system notifications rang non-stop!

Qin Sheng was not surprised by this at all.

At this stage, the supply and demand of the equipment was already uneven. It was the seller's market, and the price he placed on the shelves was still the lowest in the market. Naturally, it would sell faster. However, it was unknown whether the players who were using this crazy equipment were the players who really needed it, or the players who were specially guarding the virtual trading platform to sell low and high!

"Ding, the Gold equipment [Bloodthirst] that you sent has been sold. Price: 300,000 + RMB, 10% of the processing fee deducted. The remaining 270,000 + RMB has been temporarily stored in your virtual wallet. Please head to the virtual trading platform and check carefully!"

Qin Sheng:…