Chapter 105: Meeting Snake Girl Once More (3)

"Although it hasn't been long, only a few days, it feels like things have changed!"

The cold and gloomy corridor and the countless snake cries did not make Qin Sheng timid. Instead, he seemed to be charging forward with excitement.

Although the starting point of his rise was to obtain the super-god talent of the Lord of the Stars, it was only a physical rise. The true transformation of his mind was when he faced Snake Girl.

After being taught a good lesson by the Snake-Woman Teacher, his strength had increased tremendously after roaming the world. Now that he had returned to his hometown in glory, how could he not pay a visit to thank her properly?

"It really hasn't changed at all!"

Upon stepping into the pathway, Qin Sheng did not look as lost or frightened as when he had entered for the first time. On the contrary, he was sizing up the place with great interest. It was natural for him to have a different feeling when he returned to his old place.

"Forget it, let's not be pretentious. It's getting late. We should settle this earlier and end work earlier. We still have to go offline to cook for Nannan!"

Alright!

Qin Luo's coolness did not last more than three seconds, and he broke his kung fu instantly!

Of course!

The true situation wasn’t that troublesome excuse, and it was this damnable passageway instead. The taste was truly too right, and it was truly unbearable!

It was a snake cave. One could imagine how good the taste would be.

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin in deep thought.

Under the Abyss Mode, in the real battlefield, whether it was good or bad was not good.

In other places, virtual battles would definitely be more reliable. At the very least, he wouldn't have to worry about his neck, temples, heart, and other body parts being instantly killed after being attacked. However, in the Snake Cavern, it was better to fight 50-50. Each had its own advantages.

The disadvantage was that he could not be poisoned. He could not be contaminated at all, because without the antidote, it meant that there was no serum in the real world. If he was poisoned, he would definitely die!

The advantage was that the venomous snakes in the Snake Cavern still had the same characteristics. They were still in their B form, and their life force was inferior to even the weakest bulls. They had been reduced to "inferior" and could be killed with a slight move.

Furthermore!

Without the settings of 'Health Points' in the virtual battlefield, as long as the characteristics exploded, the chain reaction caused by self-destruction would be faster and more thorough!

"Let's do it the old way!"

After thinking about it, Qin Luo felt that it was best to use the old method.

Safe, effective, no worries!

The only thing he had to pay was a small matter. For the sake of passing, he was even willing to pay the Sky Tremor Bomb.

Withdrawing the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], Qin Sheng held the [Coiling Dragon Water] in one hand to guard against any mishaps while holding the can in the other to seek an opportunity!

Slowly walking forward!

Even though he had lowered his weight to the limit, his body was still there. He weighed more than 100 kilograms in addition to his armor, heavy sword, helmet, and so on. His weight was more than 200 kilograms. It was really difficult for him to walk silently in this silent place without making a single sound. I can't do it!

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

However, there were two sides to the story. Qin Sheng could not hide in this pathway and was bound to be exposed. It was the same for the venomous snakes lurking here.

Perhaps they were killers in the dark, cold-blooded hunters who could silently kill others. Unfortunately, in a place that was too quiet, the sound of their tongues flicking was too abrupt and loud!

One or two could be concealed, but a pile or two would not do.

Dozens of them, hundreds of them, or even more, flicked their tongues at the same time. No matter how low their voices were, if they were gathered together and formed a resonance, it would appear very loud. At least, Qin Luo Sheng could hear them clearly.

There was no light in the dark tunnel, and the surroundings were filled with ordinary stones. There were no fluorescent stones or luminous pearls, so it was naturally impossible to see.

If it were a normal player, there would probably be no need for the venomous snake to attack. The environment and the impact of the venomous snake's "sound effect" were enough to drive him crazy.

Qin Luo Sheng was able to remain calm not only because he was bold, but also because he had been here once. He understood everything and was mentally prepared.

Of course!

This time was completely different from last time!

In Abyss Mode, the real effect was far superior to the virtual effect. For example, the chilly wind made him shiver and the smell of blood made him want to vomit. It was truly heartbreaking!

However!

In the end, Qin Luo Sheng was still able to accept it. The situation here had not broken through the limits of what he could endure, so he did not collapse and could still fight.

Of course!

Being able to tolerate it did not mean that it did not matter!

In reality, even Qin Sheng could not take it anymore!

This was too disgusting!

No, no!

Hurry up and settle it. Leave this damned place!

"Eh ~ ~ ~ This is really revolting!"

Qin Sheng quickly walked up a few more meters and finally saw the true bodies of the poisonous snakes. The twisted and intertwined bodies disgusted him, causing goosebumps to appear all over his body.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

As they were too close, the sleeping snakes woke up one after another. With a sweep of their infrared eyes, they immediately discovered Qin Sheng, an intruder. Immediately, they swarmed forward wildly and started their pursuit.

"Fortunately, I have the night vision ability of the [Jungle Booker's Helmet]. Otherwise, I would be lucky if I did not step on a pile of snakes or die from a sneak attack from a venomous snake hanging above me!"

Being chased by tens of thousands of poisonous snakes, this scene was simply magnificent and spectacular to the extreme. Unfortunately, under the Abyss Mode, the system had already been banned. In addition, the lighting was too dim and the filming conditions were not met. Otherwise, if this was filmed and categorized into official videos, wouldn't the popularity of the video be soaring?

"Let's begin!"

Shrugging his shoulders, Qin Sheng threw out the can that he had been preparing for a long time. It landed precisely on the head of the snake leading the group of snakes!

At the next moment!

Boom…

An intense explosion shook the entire snake cave!

The peaceful nest of the poisonous snakes instantly became restless.

Qin Luo listened attentively. Even without special abilities, he could not hear the situation in the funnel snake pit far away, but he could hear the sounds coming from the depths of the tunnel.

It couldn’t be helped, the power of this great container was too great. It was hard for them not to be alarmed!

The famous scene repeated itself again!

Countless poisonous snakes swarmed forward one after another. There was no need for them to rush forward at all, because the instant they were blasted to death by their own kind, their deaths were already destined.

It was too dense!

They overlapped and intertwined with each other. In the same place, there were at least five or six snakes stacked together. It was simply terrifying!

In such a position, could he withstand or escape and self-destruct without needing one second to receive a "painful blow" from his own kind?

The sound of crackling firecrackers could be heard along the way.

Qin Luo Sheng had only witnessed the tragic state of the person at the front. As for the person at the back, due to the limitation of his vision, he could only hear his voice and not see his appearance. It was truly regretful.