Chapter 103: Meeting Snake Girl Once More (1)

In the dark sky, there was a red glow and a cool breeze. It was a desolate place with no signs of life. It was like a ghost town.

As he stepped on the soft soil, he could see that the slightly yellow soil was filled with blood that had yet to dry. It was mixed with the weeds and had yet to be completely eroded. There was a rotten smell.

"Is this the real battlefield? This is too real!"

Before he had met the monster, Qin Sheng had already started to beat a retreat.

It was too depressing!

Coupled with that indescribable special smell, it was really all kinds of persuasion!

"Yes, there's something!"

Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and continued walking for dozens of meters. Finally, he saw a living creature.

He looked very familiar!

He took a closer look!

Indeed!

Demonized Bull!

“Is this what the High Priest meant by killing each other?”

Qin Sheng did not approach. He just hid at the side and watched the two demonized bulls collide madly with their horns with bloodshot eyes. They were ten times crueler than the cruel bulls. The sight of flesh and blood flying everywhere disgusted him.

The battle was intense and fast!

In a true battle to the death, victory and defeat were usually decided in an instant!

Look!

Seizing the opportunity, the slightly thinner Demonized Bull moved and nimbly dodged the enemy's attack with its small steps. It then conveniently pushed its sharp horns into the enemy's stomach and pierced through.

Moo!

A blood-curdling scream rang out as blood splattered all over the ground. Along with the gaping wound, intestines were spilled all over the ground!

F*ck!

Qin Luo shuddered!

Isn't this too exciting?

He had never been to a slaughterhouse before, so the visual impact was indescribable.

Bang!

He shook his head with all his might and threw the dead of his kind onto the ground. A few hundred kilograms of bull body smashed down with a dull sound.

Even though it had won, the thin bull had won miserably. Its body was covered in wounds, some old and some new. Some were superficial wounds, while others were so deep that bones could be seen. Furthermore, it was still dripping with blood. With this amount of blood, it was likely that it wouldn't live for long even if it didn't attack!

Indeed!

In a few seconds, the thin bull also followed the same path as the one it had killed. It staggered a few steps and fell to the ground. It tried several times but never got up again.

"Probing!"

After confirming that there was no danger around, Qin Luo quietly approached.

His movements were very gentle, but it still alarmed the highly vigilant bull. Unfortunately, other than glaring fiercely at it with a pair of bull eyes, it had no power to retaliate.

Demonized Bull

Basic Attributes: Strength 2.44, Constitution 3.52, Agility 1.33, Spirit 0.25

Life Stage: Silver Intermediate

Magic Power Level: Unranked

Looking at the information sent back by the detection technique, Qin Luo could not help but rub his chin.

Was she really like him?!

The real battlefield had completely broken away from the influence of the virtual data and formed its own system. Other than the name, only the basic attributes and life and magic that had been changed were left behind. All the other minor details had been deleted or blocked.

"A Demonized Bull? Is the most basic monster a Silver intermediate monster?"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled bitterly. "My HP is more than 10,000 and I'm only at the beginner Gold rank!"

It was too difficult!

Fortunately, this was a real world, and the demonized monsters would kill each other and reduce their numbers crazily. Otherwise, according to the previous difficulty, just the first level alone had hundreds or thousands of demonized raging bulls, and clearing this level would take at least several days.

"Let's go!"

The bull did not last long after all. Very soon, it stopped breathing. Qin Sheng ignored it and left straight away, following the direction of the next Teleportation Formation in his memory.

Ten minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng stood in front of the teleportation array and looked around with a dumbstruck expression. Other than the bull bones on the ground and the bull corpses that were turning into bull bones, there was not a single living person.

"It went so smoothly?"

From the beginning to the end, apart from encountering a few waves of bulls, they did not encounter any large-scale bulls. As a result, they did not participate in a single battle and easily reached the finish line.

It was like a dream!

"We can't let our guard down! We can't let our guard down! We can't let our guard down!"

Qin Luo kept hypnotizing himself.

This was only an appetizer. No matter how smoothly things went, the true test was still the so-called burial ground. That was a great vicious existence that had existed since ancient times. If they were to lower their guard now, it was no different from courting death.

Reaching out, he touched the transmission array!

His field of vision changed and Qin Sheng appeared at the second stage of the trial grounds!

The monster in this round was a demonized wolf!

Wolves were not as fierce as fierce bulls. Wolves were known for their unity. They often moved in groups and responded to the call of hundreds. It seemed like this stage was difficult!

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo was a little troubled.

One on one, he was completely fearless.

But now, it was definitely going to be him against a pack of wolves. It was too difficult!

This was not normal!

In a virtual battle, who was he afraid of? A bunch of wolf cubs, he would kill as many as they came. It was just a matter of one sword to the left and right, and it wouldn't take much effort.

Only, on the real battlefield, the disadvantage was too obvious.

He was not afraid of a battle of attrition. He was not afraid of a battle of attrition. He was only afraid of a group fight.

Once he was entangled, he would not be safe under the wolf's kiss.

Everything else was fine. With the medicine and the blood-sucking Hundred-Battles Blood Soldiers, he could deal with it without suffering too much damage.

However!

What they feared the most was not these, but cripples and fatal attacks!

The strength and tearing force of a wolf's bite might not be as strong as a hippopotamus, but it was not something to be trifled with. How could a normal person resist it?

Not to mention fatal threats such as the throat lock and the consequences of crippling limbs, just the injury, even if it was just a small bite, would have a huge impact, directly damaging the coordination of the body and so on. It would be disadvantageous to the battle. They would probably be killed before they even reached the burial ground.

"Howl…"

Just as Qin Luo was struggling to come up with a countermeasure, a loud wolf's howl suddenly rang out, giving him a fright.

F*ck!

He turned his head and saw a Red-eyed Wolf staring at him covetously. Its smelly mouth was wide open and drops of disgusting saliva were dripping down. It was obvious that it treated him as its prey.

"Interesting!"

He had been treated like a meal on a plate by a wild wolf. He had killed the Wolf King, the Leopard King, the Tiger King, and other ferocious beast kings. He had also killed the Snake Girl, the Naga Empress, the Bronze-Armored Zombie, and even the Epic Boss, Old Wind, who had died because of him. When had he ever received such contempt?

He opened his eyes wide and took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. He was about to take advantage of this ignorant fellow.

However—

"Howl…"

"Howl…"

"Howl…"