Chapter 102: Special Skill: World-Slaying (3)

Shit?

Qin Luo's eyes suddenly widened!

It was sold just like that?

This was 30W, not 30W!

Even though [Bloodthirst] was very powerful and had an extremely practical blood-sucking ability, it was still only a level 6 single-handed sword in reality. Even if one considered the effects of demand and weapon value increase, the price should still be far from 30W.

However!

It was such a drama!

This high price, which implied his personal feelings, was actually destroyed by a single bid!

"Is it because there are too many rich people, or is it because I can't keep up with the times?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little lost. After thinking for a long time, he finally found a reason. "Perhaps it's because there are too few pieces of gold. It has somehow increased the value!"

No matter what, he was happy to receive a large sum of money!

In the past, she did not care much about money. It was enough for her to eat her fill, wear her clothes, and live comfortably!

Now that Nan Nan was here, things were different!

Since he had taken on the responsibility of being her guardian, he had to take full responsibility and give her a better life.

With this sum of money and the previous scam against Yatu, he should be able to mortgage a house in Shanghai, right?

Only with a house would she be able to transfer her registered residence to Nan Nan.

However!

There was no rush!

It was still summer vacation and it was still early to start school. He could earn close to two million RMB in a few days. There was still more than a month left. God knew if he still needed to mortgage his house.

With the money, he was naturally in a good mood!

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay attention to the subtle peeping gazes around him. He walked straight to the location where the trial was being sent and started the conversation.

"Welcome, Weeping Soul Warrior. Do you wish to challenge the trial grounds?"

With the influence of Max's Charm, coupled with the name of the hero who exterminated the evil demons in the mine and saved thousands of villages, the Instance Dungeon Teleporter was very respectful and immediately started talking.

“That’s right, I’ll have to trouble elder to help me transport me into the land of trials!”

If someone showed respect to me, I would do the same. Moreover, this ordinary-looking old man in front of him was an official of the empire according to the High Priest, so he had to pay more attention to etiquette.

"No problem, please choose the difficulty!"

The Instance Dungeon Teleporter smiled. He seemed to enjoy Qin Luo's politeness very much. He stroked his beard and asked softly.

The other players nearby:???

I must have seen a fake teleportation person!

Talking to that murderer with a face like a spring breeze, but facing us good citizens with a face like Sima Sha?

Did he have to treat her so differently?

Was it that real?

Qin Luo said, "The abyss!"

"Abyss?" The smile on the Instance Dungeon Teleporter's face disappeared, replaced by an extremely serious expression. "You have already passed the Nightmare Trial and are qualified to challenge the Abyss. However, I have to say something here."

"The Abyss isn't that simple. In fact, it's far beyond your imagination. Don't think that the Abyss is just a higher level of difficulty after the Nightmare Mission. In reality, there's a world of difference between the two. We can't mix them together."

Qin Luo Sheng took out a letter and handed it over. "Thank you for your advice, old man. I've already understood!"

“Since it’s the High Priest’s recommendation, then this old man won’t say anything else!” The Instance Dungeon messenger received the letter and read through it ten lines at a time. Then, he said, “A baby eagle needs to be tempered before it can spread its wings and soar into the sky, becoming the King of the Sky. It’s the same for humans. As a human genius, you are destined to have extraordinary achievements in the future. Thus, please take care of yourself!”

Was it that scary?

Qin Luo Sheng mumbled in his heart, but the arrow was already on the bowstring and had no choice but to be released. No matter how impressive the abyssal mode was, he could not avoid exploring it.

"Thank you for your concern, old man!"

Qin Luo bowed slightly to express his respect before raising his head with a determined expression. "I'm ready!"

"Alright!"

The Instance Dungeon Teleporter smiled and waved his hand. "Congratulations, Triumphant Lord!"

…

"Ding… You have entered the trial grounds [Abyss]. The system has forcibly changed the settings and reset the attributes!"

???

‘ What do you mean?’

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly opened his stats window!

Character: Weeping Soul

Basic Attributes: Power 3.88, Constitution 2.27, Agility 2.52, Spirit 2.95

Special attributes: Luck 6, Charm Max, Enlightenment 6, Tenacity 16, Focus 6

Life Stage: Beginner Gold

Level of Mana: Beginner Gold

What… is this?

Qin Luo Sheng had a blank look on his face. He then quickly called out to the system, "Check abyss mode!"

"Abyss Mode, the final form of the dungeon. According to the settings of the mainframe, all the dungeons are real. For various reasons, they are set to be dungeons. The difficulty is adjusted to allow different players to enter the trial."

"Abyss Mode is the real form. When players enter it, they will use the real mode of changing attributes to open the real battlefield. Please refer to the real world."

Qin Luo was shocked!

What the f*ck is this?

The real battlefield was out?

"Dog R's system is really ruthless!"

Sensing the stench and smell of mud in the air, Qin Sheng's throat moved fiercely. He reached out and pinched the flesh on his arm!

Immediately!

Qin Luo's face turned ashen when he felt a sharp pain!

100% pain!

It was definitely 100% painful without any reduction!

"No wonder that guy Yatu left immediately after completing the Nightmare Difficulty and reaching Level 10. I'm afraid he was scared off by the Abyss Mode, not only because he was the first to enter the city."

Qin Luo's lips twitched as he calmed down.

Since he was already here, he might as well give it a try!

However!

This time, even he did not think highly of himself.

Nothing else!

Just the fact that the pain had returned to normal and the system had stopped reducing the damage was enough to make 99% of the people retreat.

It was too terrifying!

This was no joke!

In reality, most people were born in peaceful times and had never suffered or experienced pain.

But in the game, he had to face it at all times!

Sword slashing, high-temperature fireball burning, low-temperature icicles piercing, sharp wind blades cutting…

If it was true, who could withstand it?

However, it was all because of the system's adjustment that the sense of pain was reduced, so there was no special feeling!

However!

The Abyss Mode broke this restriction!

True Damage was perfectly restored to 100%, truly worthy of the word "Abyss"!

Hmm!

This was somewhat similar to the special skill he had just obtained!

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng could not help but pull open the skill column, his gaze landing on a particular skill!

[World Killer] was a special skill that did not require any consumption. It required a large amount of anger or negative emotions to activate. After activating it, all attributes would be increased by 100%. It would obtain an absolute calm state and would be immune to all control skills. The attack would have a real effect, and the bloody shield would be ineffective. The pain shield would be ineffective!

This was the reward for completing the [Exterminating the Demons] mission, as well as the military merits. The reason why he could be so arrogant on the Breezy Plains and behead Young Master Leiting with a single strike, causing blood to spray out like a fountain, and creating an extremely shocking visual effect was all because of this!

Besides World Killer, there was also a special scroll, but—

[Fusion Scroll] Mysterious item, unknown function!

Right here!

Helpless!

He could only throw it into his backpack and eat it!

"Let's begin!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath. He had gotten over the psychological hurdle and gradually adapted to the environment. He began to walk forward.