Chapter 106: Meeting Snake Girl Once More (4)

Three minutes later!

The voices gradually died down!

He could not smell it!

Hmm!

It was almost the estimated time!

There were at least tens of thousands of venomous snakes in the Snake Cavern. They could capture all of them in one fell swoop!

What the heck, this is really a little exciting!

Awesome!

"Hu…"

Qin Luo heaved a long sigh of relief. His heart that had been hanging in suspense was temporarily put at ease.

Even though he had been here once, he was afraid that it would be different. After all, this was the Abyss Mode. It was normal for there to be some changes in the real battlefield.

Fortunately, the dog system was not that stupid. The previous method could still work. Otherwise, it would not have been Qin Luo who had blown up the snakes, but would have been bitten to death or poisoned to death by the snakes. The thought of this method of death made him shudder.

"That weird old man Wu Lin is really my benefactor!"

Qin Luo sighed.

It had to be said that it was all thanks to Wu Lin, the alchemist!

If it wasn't for the many props that Wu Lin had contributed, it would have been rather difficult.

Of course, it was a little difficult in the past, but it was not a problem for him now!

The biggest reason for the snakes' self-destruction was their body mechanisms. The pot's effect was only external, it was just the initial guidance, nothing more.

There were many who could replace the eight jars. As long as they could erupt with enough power in an instant and spread out in a wide enough area, then that was enough!

The Shadow Warrior's unique skill [Mad Shadow Slash] could work!

[Water Vein Spirit Bead] with the additional skill [Water Vein Shock]!

[Coiling Dragon Li Water] skill [Dragon Soul Impact] worked!

Even without props, Qin Sheng could still handle it.

However!

Considering that he would have to face the big BOSS, Snake Girl, as a high CD skill, he would save as much time as he could. What if he was just missing this chance to turn the tables? Wouldn't that be a huge loss!

"It's fortunate that it's mine. If it were in the hands of other players, I would be dumbfounded!"

Looking at the snake corpses all over the ground, Qin Sheng sighed with emotion once again.

Killing a viper alone was something any job could do except for Guardians and Priests. However, the death of a viper would definitely not implicate the vipers in the entire Snake Cavern.

Nothing else!

Insufficient damage!

The self-destruction of a venomous snake might be able to injure the other venomous snakes around it, but this bit of damage was not enough to make them self-destruct as well.

However, it was different when a group died instantly!

The Nightmare Mode required at least five vipers to self-destruct together in order to achieve this perfect plan.

The Abyss Mode was unknown. Even if it had ten, it would double. With the explosive range of the tank and the sheer concentration of the venomous snakes, it would be enough. Even if it doubled, it would be enough.

This was the effect of a special tool!

When it came to special scenarios and special monsters, the effects were simply amazing. It was even better than divine weapons.

"It's about time, right?"

In order to be on the safe side, Qin Luo Sheng stood where he was for a full hour. He had waited twice as long as when he had cleared the Nightmare Mode, afraid that the poison had yet to dissipate.

"Let's go and find Snake Girl!"

The viper self-detonated, either leaving behind a corpse or turning into minced meat.

Of course, this was only limited to the first batch. They were only affected by their own self-destruction and did not suffer another "attack" from their own kind!

The ones behind were different. The surrounding companions self-destructed one after another without end. Even if there was only a tiny bit of 'flesh' left after the first self-destruction, they would be drowned in the next instant and not even a corpse would be left. Even the minced meat would be eliminated. It was truly 'not a single drop' left. It was extremely tragic!

"How disgusting!"

On the path paved with mincemeat and residual poison, Qin Sheng's face was ashen. He had to endure it again to stop himself from vomiting.

Tap, tap…

In order to avoid this terrifying destruction, he had no choice but to change his original intention and run away in order to quickly leave this damned place.

Qin Sheng only took 30 seconds to reach the end of the pathway that was hundreds of meters long. It could be said that he had unleashed his maximum speed.

"I've finally reached the final checkpoint of the terminal!"

Qin Luo Sheng leaped with all his might, his body leaning against the smooth stone wall of the funnel-shaped snake cave. He took advantage of the momentum and headed towards the bottom.

Soon!

He landed!

Looking at his surroundings, other than the fact that it was more realistic and sinister, there was no change to his appearance or setting!

“Mm? Where’s Snake Girl?”

Having experienced it once, Qin Sheng was naturally not dumb enough to be fooled a second time.

The moment he reached the bottom, he had already changed his position and hid behind the obstacles. He carefully stuck his head out and peeked at the stone platform high above.

However!

No!

Snake Girl, who should have been lying on the stone platform, was gone!

“Yeah?”

Just as he was filled with doubts, he suddenly felt a faint breeze behind him.

Wind?

The turbulence hundreds of meters above was completely sealed off. Even if there was wind, it would not be able to blow that far away, let alone infiltrate the bottom of the funnel snake cave that was hundreds of meters deep!

Then—

Where did this sudden wind come from?

In the next second, a mature and seductive female voice informed Qin Sheng's answer.

“Yo, handsome little brother, why didn’t you notify me when you arrived at my abode? I’ll hold a feast for you!”

Snake Girl!

Behind him?

Qin Qin Sheng broke out in a cold sweat.

“Shadow Escape!”

Without another word, Qin Sheng immediately used Shadow Escape and teleported, pulling a distance of five meters forward.

"D * mn it, I was too careless! I should have thought that everything in the real battlefield was real. After creating such a huge commotion in the tunnel above, the tens of thousands of snakes in the Snake Cavern were led up to self-destruct. As the big boss of the Snake Cavern, how could the Snake Girl be like in the Nightmare Mode, without intelligence, only following the dog system's settings and staying safely in her nest, waiting for enemies to come knocking?"

Qin Luo Sheng was vexed!

This careless step had caused him to lose an extremely important escape skill!

"Snake!"

Seeing that the snake girl did not pursue him, Qin Sheng did not move either.

He widened his eyes and stared blankly at the half-human half snake in front of him. For a moment, he did not know what to say!

Snake Girl was also looking at Qin Sheng with a burning gaze. Not only did she not attack, her eyes that were filled with charm were instead filled with interest. Her snake tail swayed gently and a faint smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. She looked very alluring.

"This… this looks a little good!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt a warm current flowing through his body, especially his nose. It was as if something warm was about to come out!

He looked again—

The upper half of her body was completely exposed, her waist was slim and her figure was extremely good. Compared to the so-called supermodels she saw on the Internet in her previous life, she was way better than them.

In addition to the devil's figure, it also had exquisite facial features. This was a genuine snake's face. Not only was it not plastic surgery, but it was also an upgraded version. It was so stunning that no words could describe its beauty.

Furthermore!

His figure and looks were not the most important!

The most terrifying thing about Snake Girl was the "charm" that naturally emanated from her body!

The figure of a devil, the face of an angel, and the allure of a witch!

The combination of the three elements!

Her lethality towards men increased exponentially.

"Lust is emptiness, emptiness is lust!"

"Lust is emptiness, emptiness is lust!"

"Lust is emptiness, emptiness is lust!"

Qin Luo Sheng chanted the scriptures madly in his heart while fiercely hypnotizing himself at the same time. He used great willpower to move his gaze away from the indescribable towering protrusion of the Snake Girl, as well as her exquisitely beautiful face that was extremely capable of fighting, and her slender waist that was madly twisting. He looked at her terrifying snake hair that was like the legendary Medusa, looked at the enormous snake tail covered in scarlet scales, and looked at the various colorful snake eggs around her.

Hence!

The commotion in his heart subsided!

I, Qin Sheng, am as sacred as Buddha!