Chapter 104: Meeting Snake Girl Once More (2)

"Howl…"

"Howl…"

"Howl…"

Wolf howls suddenly sounded one after another!

Qin Sheng:…

Sure!

You guys are awesome!

I can't afford to offend you!

"Spatial Jump!"

Glancing at at at least twenty demonic wolves rushing over from all directions, Qin Sheng was decisively terrified. Without saying a word, he immediately used his skill. With a flash, his figure disappeared.

…

The trial grounds!

The second level checkpoint, the end!

The three-meter-tall Demonized Wild Wolf King was currently lying on the ground, taking a nap. This was its habit. After eating its fill, it always liked to take a nap.

Beside it were several piles of rotten meat. From the looks of it, they were demonized wolves!

That’s right, those rotten meat were the subordinates of the Demonized Wild Wolf King. However, just a moment ago, they had already become its food. Other than loyalty, they had also given their bodies to their king.

Not too far away, several demonized wolves looked at the demonized wild wolf king in awe. They crept forwards, carefully walking forwards.

They were hungry too!

They also needed food!

In the past, they had to hunt other animals that had accidentally entered this place to eat. If there were none, they could only kill each other and devour their own kind.

Now!

No need!

Even if he stayed by the king's side and might be eaten in the next second, it was much better than hunting outside and killing his own kind!

To be able to survive until now, no one was easy to deal with!

Even if they won, they would definitely be injured!

What did it mean to be injured in such a godforsaken place?

This meant that perhaps the food they’d gone through great pains to obtain would be snatched away by the mantis stalking the cicada before they could even have a mouthful of it, and they might even be taken as a target and die miserably on the spot.

It was like hell!

Although becoming the King's guard indirectly agreed with him becoming the King's backup meal, life was still very good before he was chosen.

There was no need to worry about danger, because the king didn’t like being disturbed. No one dared to act recklessly here!

Two need not worry about food, for the king only eats warm innards and fine tender meat. Most of the remaining meat is theirs.

Another peaceful day!

The several demonized wolves didn’t fight over it. The wolf took up a position and began to eat. Not long ago, the wolf had been patrolling the area with them, but now it had already become one of their own. It was eating with great relish.

Swish!

At this moment, a ghost seemed to flash past the corner of his eyes.

Swoosh!

The sleeping Demonized Wolf King suddenly woke up and quickly stood up. His entire body was tense and his head was lowered as he assumed an offensive stance.

However!

After looking around, there was nothing!

"What's going on?"

The Demonized Wild Wolf King was instantly stunned. It continued to patrol the area several more times, but it still didn’t discover any abnormalities. Only then did it dispel its guard and go limp once more. It closed its eyes and continued to sleep.

…

The trial grounds!

The third stage!

Qin Luo Sheng touched his violently beating heart and panted heavily.

It was too scary!

Never would he have thought that the Demonized Wild Wolf King would still be guarding the end of the checkpoint even in such a situation where there were no rules in the Abyss Mode. It was only a short distance away from the transmission array.

When he used Spatial Jump to teleport from the beginning to the end of the second level, he almost stepped on that guy. Fortunately, he used [Shadow Escape] to dodge in time and activated [Shadow Concealment] to enter Stealth mode.

"It's a pity that space jumps can't travel through space. We can only teleport in the same space layer. Otherwise, wouldn't it be nice to teleport directly to the Snake Cavern?"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head in displeasure.

Although he was unhappy, there was nothing he could do about the dog system. He could only endure it. What else could he do? He was also in despair!

The third stage!

If he did not remember wrongly, it should be a hodgepodge of monsters. The monsters inside were not as simple as the first two levels. There was only one species, but it was super diverse. There were things like leopards, wild boars, bears, ferocious tigers, pythons, lions, and so on. Almost all of the most powerful monsters in the forest were inside!

This place was even more chaotic than the first stage. After all, the Demonized Barbaric Bull was a Barbarian, and its combat strength was really quite weak. Moreover, its attacking method was just that—Bullhorn!

This was equivalent to a real forest, but it was a dark forest. How could it be ten times crueler?

Qin Luo Sheng moved forward cautiously, his heart pounding along the way!

It was too chaotic!

After taking a few steps, he saw several large battles. Not only were they one-on-one battles, but there were also group fights between races. There was even a huge war between races, causing a mess of corpses and rivers of blood.

Regarding this!

Qin Luo Sheng had no intention of interfering at all. He only wanted to leave as soon as possible, to find the next level's teleportation array and leave as soon as possible!

If a living person were to barge in, it would be harder than ascending the heavens to not be discovered.

Fortunately, this group of demonized creatures had already completely gone berserk. With the presence of other races, they would join forces with their own race to kill other races. Without other races, they would directly start fighting with their own race. They were incomparably crazy, looking as if they were either going to die. It made people shudder.

However!

This was very friendly towards Qin Sheng!

The Shadow Warrior did not just inherit the abilities of a Berserker, but also half of the abilities of a Bandit!

There was no danger along the way. He relied on concealment, teleportation, and escape techniques to avoid many battles. If he could not avoid them, he would have to choose carefully. He would avoid large-scale battles and join small-scale battles. He would strike first and use sneak attacks to destroy the enemy and advance. Then, he would quickly open up a path and continue forward.

Just like that, Qin Sheng walked and stopped with grievance like a grandson. It took nearly half an hour before he managed to come into contact with the Teleportation Array of this level.

…

The fourth stage!

On this level, there were six big blocks. There were no random monsters inside, only the six Bosses guarding it!

This was much simpler!

One on one. One on one.

All six Bosses were in deep sleep!

He did not know if this was a dog's luck explosion or if it was the system's arrangement!

No matter what it was, as long as it was beneficial, why should he care?

Back when they were on the brink of defeat, they were already able to toy with them and kill them easily. Now that they had returned in such a domineering manner, even though they had been tricked by the dog system and turned into a real battlefield, the nature of the battle was still the same.

The Demonized Black Bear King was clumsy and heavy, but it was able to crush him with absolute speed.

There was no need for Qin Sheng to attack too many times because he had launched a sneak attack while the Bear King was sleeping. He had stabbed the Bear King's neck with the sharp edge of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. The wound would not heal and the blood would not stop flowing. Based on its wild movements, it would be seeking its own death if it were to move any faster. It would die with all its blood!

The Demonized Wild Wolf King was very familiar. Although it was more vigilant than the Black Bear King, it could not do anything to the shadow warrior's stealth ability. It had been ambushed again, and this time it was even more violent. Qin Sheng slashed its wolf head off ruthlessly, instantly KOing!

Next was the Demonized Tiger King, the Demonized Cheetah King, the Demonized Violent Lion King, and the Demonized Bull King!

Under the sneak attack of Qin Sheng's absolute advantage, they were completely powerless to resist!

The leopard king followed in the wolf king's footsteps and was directly beheaded!

The Barbaric Bull King was just as clumsy as the Bear King. In the end, it crashed into the stone wall and died!

The Lion King and Tiger King were indeed the overlords of the forest and plains. They were very difficult to deal with!

What a pity!

They had encountered Qin Luo Sheng, who was even more difficult to deal with. His shadow tactics had been perfected and he had been toyed with in the palm of his hand. He had not even touched a hair on Qin Luo's body when he died. He was extremely sullen.

After settling the six beast kings, Qin Sheng turned around and left without any reluctance. He came to the teleportation array and touched it gently!

Instantly!

His vision changed!

The dark forest became a dark cave!

In front of the cave, a tunnel of unknown length was open. Inside, there was a vague, shuddering hissing sound!

They had finally reached the Snake Cavern!