Chapter 108: The Power Of Water Meridian, Drowning The Snake Cave

"Ah…"

A high pitched screech shook the entire snake cave.

The Snake-Woman's beautiful face had disappeared at this moment, replaced by a terrifying face covered in snake scales.

After removing her disguise and returning to her true form, Snake Girl opened her bloody mouth without hesitation. In the next second, green venom poured out like a waterfall. Her target was not Qin Sheng, but the ground!

"F*ck? F*ck you!"

The snake eggs, which had been sleeping quietly, broke out of their shells one by one under the effect of the venom. Their young bodies rapidly expanded under the soaking of the venom. In just a few seconds, they became adult snakes that were dozens of centimeters to one meter tall. They were also extremely ferocious and violent.

"We cannot be surrounded by snakes, or we will die!"

Cold sweat slid down Qin Luo's back as he watched the snakes move in an orderly manner under the control of Snake Girl. It was as if they were in formation. He could not help but shudder in fear as his sixth sense frantically sounded the alarm bell.

"Spiritual Light Cloak, 10 points of spiritual light, activate flying ability!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng shook the cloak of spiritual light on his back, depleting all the accumulated spiritual light points and filling the cloak. Instantly, the shape of the cloak changed drastically, as if it had transformed into a pair of gliding wings that spread across his back.

Swish…

The snakes pounced over. Qin Sheng kicked the ground hard, and his body shot up into the sky like an arrow leaving the bow. He narrowly escaped the countless snake kisses and charged towards the stone platform in the distance.

This was Snake Girl's resting place, high and mighty!

Due to the authority of the Snake Girl, there was nothing around the stone platform. Not a single snake dared to live in the surroundings. Therefore, at this moment, it became the best place for Qin Sheng to stay.

“Damned human, damned human brat, you won’t be able to escape!”

Snake Girl's furious gaze swept over. One, no, it should be said that half a head of snake's hair was dancing in the air. Under her will, the snakes that had been triggered surged over like a torrent, as if they wanted to drown him.

"I can't let them come over. Otherwise, I'll definitely die!"

Flying was not omnipotent. Although snakes could not fly, the terrain also restricted Qin Sheng from dodging the snakes' attacks. Therefore, the only way was to destroy the enemy!

“Come, let’s fight to the death. Let’s see who dies first!”

Qin Luo Sheng had a dark vulture on his face. Without any hesitation, he took out the Spiritual Water Pearl, activated the water elemental energy, and activated his skill—

At the same time!

"Starlight Blessing!"

“Target: Water Vein Impact!”

"Give me the ultimate power, complete sublimation!"

With a furious roar, Qin Sheng no longer held anything back. The talent of the Lord of the Stars that had fused with him was instantly put to use. Through his will, it generated a heaven-defying power that augmented the Water Vein Spirit Pearl.

At the next moment!

“Water Vein Impact!”

The surging water element quickly overflowed and quickly formed a whirlpool. Under Qin Sheng's control, it aimed at the group of snakes charging towards them.

Torrent!

It was really a torrent!

It was like the Milky Way of the Nine Heavens was pouring down, or like raging waves and tsunamis!

Originally, there was only a range of 10x10, but now, after the extreme power of the Starlight Blessing had been upgraded to perfection, Qin Sheng had no idea how strong he had become.

He only knew that the bottom of the Snake Cavern, which was at most 50x30, had been completely submerged. In a few seconds, it had turned into a marshland, filled with water elemental vortexes that contained intense water pressure.

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

Countless vipers hissed and slithered in the vortex, trying to escape the constant impact of the vortex.

What a pity!

When the nest is overturned, there will be eggs laid?

The entire snake cave was submerged, where could he escape to?

Snakes were trained in water, but this was not ordinary water, but water pressure. The extreme water pressure formed a vortex with terrifying destructive power. They had only been forcefully awakened by Snake Girl from the snake egg. How could they resist it with their slightly strengthened bodies?

In a few seconds, countless snakes fell one after another!

Under the powerful water pressure vortex, the snakes could not even leave their corpses behind. They were torn into countless pieces and then forcefully stirred into minced meat. They completely melted into the water and could no longer be seen. Even the bright red blood was assimilated, cleansed by the huge amount of water, and fused together. There was no more blood.

"Your turn, Snake Girl!"

Qin Sheng, who had the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, was not affected at all after soaking in the water. On the contrary, he was like a fish in water, his mobility slightly increased.

Looking ahead, Qin Luo, who was struggling in the water pressure vortex, moved his body like a swordfish, charging forward rapidly.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The water pressure was terrifying!

Even though Snake Girl was an extremely powerful life form at the pinnacle of Gold rank, her body was extremely powerful. However, she was unable to escape from this endless vortex. The vortexes came one after another, and the change in quantity caused a qualitative change. Finally, she was unable to hold on any longer. Wounds began to appear on her body, and they were squeezed and torn apart.

"Shadow Clone!"

"Shadow Concealment!"

When enemies meet, their eyes burn with hatred.

When the Snake Girl, who was in a bad situation, saw that "Qin Sheng", the jinx who had destroyed her home and killed her people, actually dared to take the initiative to deliver himself to her door, her eyes turned red on the spot. She ignored her body that was being squeezed madly and let out an angry cry as she swam forward.

Swoosh!

His sharp claws, filled with endless hatred and violence, ruthlessly pierced through Qin Luo Sheng's body!

However!

Snake Girl's ferocious expression had yet to relax. In the next moment, alarm bells rang loudly. Her demonic instincts made her feel abnormal.

Bang!

Indeed!

The damned human that had been pierced through her body suddenly turned into a cloud of smoke and disappeared. Behind her, a killing intent that chilled her to the bone rose into the sky.

"Slash!"

The heavy sword slashed down furiously and landed on Snake Girl's right neck!

Last time, it was blocked by the snake hair!

This time, without the snake hair, how could Snake Girl block a fatal strike?

The sharp edge of the sword sliced across horizontally. In an instant, the body of the sword entered the flesh. It was like a red knife cutting through tofu, without any obstruction!

Clang…

Just as Qin Luo's face was filled with joy, thinking that he would be able to decapitate Snake Girl and end this battle, suddenly, the Coiling Dragon Li Water's blade paused. The sound of metal colliding rang out as though it had struck a rock. The tremendous recoil made his hand go numb and he could barely hold on to the hilt.

"Ah…"

Snake Girl let out a wild roar towards the sky. Her body curled up slightly and her snake tail curled up. From head to toe, she emitted a jade-green cold light!

This was… poison?

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils constricted abruptly. He was about to pull back the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had slashed half of Snake Girl's neck and retreat temporarily.

"Since you're here, don't even think about leaving!"

However, the Lamia suddenly waved her claws and clamped onto the Coiling Dragon Water’s blade. She looked at him coldly and cruelly as she grinned.

“Die, despicable human brat!”

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated!

He hesitated between giving up on escaping the Coiling Dragon Water and continuing to fight head-on!

It was at this moment of hesitation that the final opportunity to escape was gone!

“Snake Spirit Burning Death, Myriad Poison Returns!”