Chapter 109: Fighting Against The Situation

“Snake Spirit Burning Death, Myriad Poison Returns!”

Green light poured out, illuminating the entire bottom of the lake.

Qin Sheng, who was only half a meter away from the snake girl, bore the brunt of the attack. He was instantly corroded by the poisonous water and dyed green.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned pale with fright as an indescribable feeling filled his entire body.

Poison!

Poison!

Even if you haven't eaten pork, you've seen pigs run!

This situation was very similar to the snake venom described on the Internet!

What was even worse was that Snake Girl's poison was not just the venom of a particular breed of poisonous snakes, but a combination of countless types of snake venom. Its lethality was extremely terrifying!

"I was too careless!"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned by his strong willpower and forced himself not to faint. However, he could only hold on strenuously. He could feel that his consciousness was fading rapidly and gradually fading away. If this continued, he would be completely unconscious in at most five seconds.

Furthermore!

His body was in intense pain and he felt numb. His body temperature rose rapidly as if it was on fire…

Many reactions followed!

This feeling…

It was too unbearable!

"Ice Skin!"

Qin Sheng bit the tip of his tongue and regained consciousness for a moment. Then, he activated his skill!

In an instant!

A majestic life force rose from his body like a swarm of bees. It was filled with white light and his meridians seeped out from his pores, forming a thin layer of light membrane on the surface of his body. At a glance, it looked like snow. His skin was snow white and transparent. One could even vaguely see the dense blood vessels in his body. The name ‘Ice Skin 'was well deserved!

He's back!

All of them were back!

Qin Luo Sheng immediately extricated himself from the venom of the snake girl. Not only did his body recover to its peak state, it had even improved further and was compatible with the skill effect of [Ice Skin]!

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

After forcing the snake poison out, Qin Sheng activated the control skill of the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] without hesitation. It took effect instantly, causing Snake Girl, who was about to kill him, to immediately pause and fall into the illusion.

"Damn it, you're lucky!"

Qin Sheng pulled out the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had slashed into Snake Girl's neck ruthlessly. He took a deep look at the dazed and confused Luo Sheng before he turned around and quickly retreated without hesitation.

The simplest and most effective way to kill a snake was to cut off the head of the snake and pierce it seven inches!

He had just tried to cut off the snake's head. The first time, he was blocked by the snake's hair. The second time, he was blocked by the tough bones and could not be cut off!

As for the seven-inch snake, even if he found it, it would be very difficult to penetrate Snake Girl's defense!

Originally!

With the help of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, they annihilated the snake group, leaving only Snake Girl behind. They completely eliminated the disadvantageous situation and successfully turned it into their advantage.

After all!

Although Snake Girl knew the nature of water, it was impossible for her to compare to him who possessed the Water Vein Spirit Pearl!

This was the advantage!

If he were to continue like this, even if he did not use powerful skills to kill Snake Girl instantly and kill her, he could gradually boil the frog and slowly grind her to death!

Unfortunately!

After all, it was a life form at the peak of gold. It had already stepped into the realm of "demon", so how could it be killed so easily? Who didn't have a trump card?

"To be able to grow to such an extent, there are indeed no fools!"

Qin Sheng, who was swiftly moving away from the snake girl, turned his head and looked at the green area with an extremely ugly expression.

"Thankfully, Snake Girl's poison can't be infinite, and water is the most inclusive and disintegrative. Without her support, that poison domain will be purified very quickly. The home ground will still be mine!"

Qin Luo was rejoicing!

Fortunately, this was the real battlefield. If it was the Virtual Mode, everything would be refreshed after the effect of [Water Vein Impact] ended, including the water that had flooded the entire snake cave!

But now, even without the use of the Spiritual Water Pearl, the huge amount of water that had already appeared would still exist. In other words, if nothing unexpected happened, the snake cave would continue to be soaked, and his home ground advantage would continue to exist.

"Bastard!"

At this moment, Snake Girl woke up from the illusion. She gritted her teeth as she looked at the poison domain that she had expended so much effort to create.

Even if it was a life restricted region, even if it could poison a deity to death, it wouldn’t be able to affect the enemy. No matter how strong it was, it would still have no meaning in existence.

Snake Girl was very clear-headed. She knew that she had lost in this confrontation. Without another word, she stopped sending the venom.

Without the support of the Lamia, the source of the poison was cut off, and it was quickly diluted by the water everywhere.

"Since you don't want to die comfortably, don't blame me!"

Qin Sheng's eyes gleamed coldly as he watched the Snake Girl remove the poison on her own. Killing intent boiled in his heart. With the lesson he had learned earlier, he was no longer prepared to kill the Snake Girl with the Strange Move.

Snake Girl's ability was too strange. It was very easy to be deceived by her if one were to fight with her. Without knowing it, one would be led into a ditch and into her trap!

If it had been Qin Luo just now, he would have had no choice but to think of a way to launch a surprise attack. His saber would have gone the wrong way in order to kill Qin Luo in an instant!

However!

After being tricked once, how could he be stupid enough to fall into a trap a second time?

Furthermore!

It was not Qin Luo who should be anxious, but Snake Girl!

Now that he had flooded the Snake Cavern, it was his home ground advantage!

Under such circumstances, it would be more advantageous to attack head-on and fight the way of the king!

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and shook his left arm. Instantly, the edge of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] glowed with a red light, and a pungent smell of blood rushed into his nose.

"Let's fight to the death!"

Suppressing the urge to vomit, Qin Sheng gripped his sword tightly and activated the extremely ruthless ability of the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier]!

In an instant!

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] began to vibrate violently. The Demonic Armament's backlash had yet to injure its host, but it had devoured its host and was frantically trying to extract vitality from Qin Sheng!

"Hold on!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes widened. He did not resist and allowed the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] to do as it pleased!

Soon!

Qin Luo's boundless vitality had been devoured by more than half. He had declined to the extreme, and his body seemed to have shrunk by a circle. He had become shriveled and old like an old man.

"Is this the Blood Devil buff?"

Qin Luo smiled evilly. Under the influence of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], his mental state was slightly twisted and he was extremely thirsty for blood.

"Snake Girl, your path is too narrow!"

Blood Demon BUFF: Increase attack power, Life-Steal enhancement, increase attack range. Even though only the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] attack would be effective, the negative effects of the skill being sealed would only appear in the left hand. The [Coiling Dragon Water] used in the right hand did not have any enhancement, so naturally, there was no limit.

"Now, just wait for your death!"

Backwater Battle increased the attack range by 5 meters, Sword Aura Cross increased the attack range by 2 meters, and every attack was a Sword Aura with extremely high lethality!

With an attack range of 7 meters, an underwater advantage, and the ability of the Shadow Warrior to protect his life!

Snake Girl!

What can you use to fight me?

"Attack!"

The [Jungle Scamper Hunter] on his hand flashed lightly. In an instant, his arm and wrist seemed to have been freed. His flexibility soared. This was the reaction of an increase in attack speed.

"Slash!"