Chapter 110: Dragon Soul Shows Its Might, Beheading Snake Girl

"Slash!"

Qin Sheng abandoned his right hand and waved his left hand wildly at Snake Girl as if he was having a stroke. Sharp sword qi burst forth and attacked continuously.

"Hahaha…"

Qin Sheng laughed hysterically as he felt his shriveled body slowly fill up.

The vitality absorbed by the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier was slowly recovering by harming Snake Girl.

"Ah…"

The sword aura was like a tempestuous storm that continued without end. Although Snake Girl was agile, the restrictions she faced in the water were too great. She was unable to completely dodge the dense sword curtain and had several wounds on her body.

"Brat, I'll kill you!"

Snake Girl had rich combat experience. She instantly judged the situation in front of her. Seeing that she could not escape from the endless dense sword Qi's attack, she knew that she would die slowly if she continued dodging. Hence, she opened her middle gate and used her body to withstand the sword Qi without any defense, charging straight at it.

"How decisive!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold laugh. His left hand was still waving continuously, but his feet were moving rapidly and retreating continuously. He had started the most effective guerrilla tactics that players used to fight bosses.

"You want to catch up to me? In your next life!"

On the home ground of the water, Qin Luo An could be caught up by Snake Girl. He gently swam and controlled the distance between them, maintaining a distance of 5-7 meters from Snake Girl.

Although the frequency of the sword beams decreased due to the movement, Snake Girl charged forward with an iron head. She did not dodge or defend as the sword beams landed on her body without any deviation. It was almost the same as the first two or three strikes.

One minute!

Two minutes!

Three minutes!

Under the dim water, Qin Sheng was like a cat playing with a mouse, playing with the snake girl with ease. He, who had always held the absolute advantage, had gradually begun to tilt towards victory!

"How patient!"

Snake Girl's beastly nature was completely stimulated. She was as stubborn as ever and refused to let go. In the past three minutes, she had taken at least a hundred slashes. Even though her body was covered in wounds, she was still vigorous and fierce.

Seeing that more than half of the five minutes of [One Against the Water] 's effect had passed, and that the snake girl had not fallen yet, Qin Luo was also getting anxious.

However!

So what if he was anxious?

There was no way for him to end the battle quickly. He could only brace himself and continue flying the kite. There were still two minutes left. He wanted to see if a miracle would happen. He would do his best and leave it to fate!

"I have already enhanced my attack power, why does the damage still feel like Gua Sha?"

As he watched yet another sword qi leave a tiny wound no wider than a pinky on the snake girl's body, Qin Sheng could not help but grumble, "Fortunately, it can still cause damage. Otherwise, I would really have to resort to a surprise move. I would either be behead her or find a seven-inch wound. Now is not the time yet. I'll just quietly continue to attack and wait for the results."

Narrowing his eyes, he sized up the snake girl. Qin Sheng's hands were not slow and his feet did not stop moving. However, he was thinking of something else in his heart. "Although the damage done to the snake girl is not great and the wound is not deep, it's good enough to cover her entire body. In this state, even a slight movement would cause her entire body to feel pain. It would greatly affect her performance and even cause her body to be severely uncoordinated, reducing her combat power."

"Not only that!" Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up. "The wounds are still bleeding. Although there's very little bleeding, there's still a lot of bleeding. Furthermore, Snake Girl is still exercising so vigorously. It will definitely cause the blood in her body to flow faster. Once the blood supply is insufficient and her body can't hold on anymore, it will be my victory!"

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng attacked even harder, hoping to inflict more wounds on Snake Girl and make her bleed more in the limited time.

The Snake Girl, who had been struggling to hold on, found it even more difficult when Qin Sheng suddenly became more violent.

At this moment!

The heat in her head subsided, and she felt the discomfort from her body. An alarm bell rang in Snake Girl's heart, and she gave Qin Sheng a venomous look. She no longer chased after him, but turned around and prepared to run.

"You want to run now? Unfortunately, it's too late!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered.

Since I can play guerrilla warfare with you, I will naturally crush you in terms of speed. In this situation, you want to run? Dream on!

"Slash, slash, slash!"

Qin Luo followed behind the snake girl and continued his relentless assault.

What was the difference between this situation and earlier?

It was just a passive attack that had turned into a continuous pursuit. Wasn't he still the main attacker?

A minute passed!

Two minutes passed!

A total of five minutes!

At this moment!

The time for the backlash ended!

However!

Snake Girl was almost done!

In the first three minutes, he braced himself and charged forward. His body was covered in wounds and blood!

Two minutes later, he ran away with his tail between his legs. His body was riddled with wounds and blood was gushing out!

Nearly 200 slashes, at least 100 wounds!

With such a huge amount of blood, how much blood could Snake Girl bleed?

No one knew the answer!

Qin Qin Sheng only knew that Snake Girl could not make it!

Even if it was a demon, even if it was a cold-blooded animal, without blood in its body, it would still die!

Snake Girl did not die, but she was not far from it. Her aura was gradually weakening!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Qin Sheng, who had already sunk to the bottom of the lake and was lying there motionless, slowly descended. He calmly ignored her venomous gaze and carefully leaned over. He continuously drew his bow with his left and right hands, sending out sword qi!

The last battle had ended, but as long as there was enough mana, the effects of the Sword Aura would continue.

The distance of two meters was very short, but it was enough!

He slashed wildly for another minute. Every strike was aimed at Snake Girl's neck, aiming to behead her. However, this fellow's vitality was too strong, and he was still alive!

“

Fuck! "

Qin Luo Sheng was completely speechless. What the f*ck was this monster? It was a snake! Why was its defense so high? Was this the so-called "demon"? It had indeed surpassed the level of ordinary life forms and evolved to another height!

However!

So what if he was a demon?

Isn't he still lying at my feet? Isn't his life about to be extinguished?

"Tsk tsk, how nice would it be if I didn't resist and was be beheaded directly? I wouldn't have to suffer like this, right? Being slashed by a sword, being boiled like a frog in warm water, with wounds all over my body, struggling in pain, and dying with blood flowing out. Is this what you want?"

Seeing the Snake Girl's eyes gradually dimming, Qin Sheng could not help but speak.

"Brat, follow me to hell!"

At this moment, the snake girl who was on the verge of death suddenly rose up. Taking advantage of the moment when Qin Sheng's body relaxed, she unleashed a fatal strike.

"How naive!"

The corner of his lips curled up. Qin Luo's sloppy expression turned cold the moment Snake Girl flared up. One learned from one's mistakes. How could he be so stupid as to let his guard down when facing a powerful existence like Snake Girl, who could unleash her power at any moment? He had been on guard since long ago! Relaxing was just a disguise to tempt Snake Girl!

"Die!"

Qin Sheng's body turned into a shadow and disappeared the moment the Snake-Woman bit him. The next moment, Qin Sheng appeared above the Snake-Woman. His left hand moved slightly and the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] in his hand disappeared. He exerted strength in his arm and his veins bulged. He gripped the hilt of the [Coiling Dragon Water] tightly and used all his strength to slash heavily at the Snake-Woman's right neck.

He would get up from wherever he fell!

Today!

He would definitely kill Snake Girl!

Buzz…

Energy surged, and it seemed to have sensed Qin Luo's will. The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade shone brightly, and the dragon patterns engraved on it seemed to have come alive, emitting an overwhelming dragon might.

Swoosh…

Under the dragon’s might, Snake Girl’s body suddenly paused. The absolute suppression of her bloodline caused her to turn from a fierce demon snake into a soft dough!

At the next moment!

The edge of the sword slashed across, and a head flew up!