Chapter 116: Mysterious Voice, Power Of Origin Stones (2)

Under the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the dry corpse suppression ground quickly turned into a marshland!

This was Qin Luo's inspiration from the battle in the snake cave.

The snake pit was shaped like a funnel, shaped like a top. It could be submerged and maintained forever!

In comparison!

The burial ground was completely sealed off, with no gaps at all.

If it wasn’t for the existence of the Spatial Teleportation Array, it would be impossible to enter such a place. Coincidentally, it was also because of this that the water from the Spiritual Water Pearl could be completely preserved and not even a drop would be lost.

"Still so calm?"

Qin Sheng sneered expressionlessly as he watched Qin Luo being madly attacked by the water pressure vortex. "Your body is strong, so you win. However, the water battlefield is my home ground now. I hope you can continue to maintain your expressionless face!"

"Attack!"

Qin Luo activated his attack speed skill. He wielded his two swords and slashed left and right, wildly slashing out streams of sword qi towards Qin Luo.

"Brat, although I don't know what you're planning, you're shooting yourself in the foot!"

He smiled coldly, his expression turning sinister. Under Qin Sheng's watchful gaze, his body was like an arrow that had left the bow as he charged over like lightning.

‘ What?’

Qin Luo Sheng's expression changed drastically!

Was this guy proficient in water?

"Damn you!"

Qin Luo Sheng cursed and retreated while fighting. His body swayed left and right like a fish, dodging his attacks. At the same time, he split out a doppelganger and controlled it with his consciousness. His corporeal body blocked the eye of the spear and temporarily held him back so that he could gain some distance.

"I really miscalculated!"

After putting some distance between them, Qin Luo used the same technique to launch a flurry of attacks with his sword qi and continued his guerrilla tactics. The situation seemed to have returned to how it was before. However, the battle environment had slightly changed.

"Luckily, I have the Water Vein Spirit Pearl to maximize my water attribute. Otherwise, I would have shot myself in the foot like he said!"

Qin Luo rejoiced in his heart. "I really didn't expect this guy's water nature to be so ridiculous. Could it be that he was originally an existence in water?"

Other than this, Qin Sheng could not think of any other reason!

The Water Vein Spirit Pearl was a spirit treasure. It had a special function that allowed him to be more slippery than a fish. He could even completely ignore water pressure and water resistance!

However, "He" was able to obtain such a level with "His" physical body alone. This was not simple!

Either "He" also had a treasure similar to the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, or "He" was an aquatic creature and was very good at controlling water!

"What a terrible battle!"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat helpless.

The Water Vein Spirit Pearl was his trump card. The Water Vein Impact was also his ultimate move. It was not just a 15-second Water Pressure Vortex attack. The most important thing was to make use of the characteristics of the real battlefield. In this enclosed environment, he could form a Ze Country and fight in the water. This way, he could gain an advantage.

What a pity!

The dream was shattered!

However!

Things weren’t as bad as I thought.

He was like a fish in water. Since he had the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, it was naturally the same!

The situation was the same as before!

"I really should thank you!"

He suddenly stopped, and his body shook. Instantly, green cold flames burned around him. "If not for your foolish actions, This King would really have to spend a lot of effort to kill you."

"What do you mean?" Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "You mean this water?"

"That's right!" He did not hide anything. "In the ancient era, This King set off a torrential flood that drowned dozens of countries in a single day, turning a continent into a kingdom of water, an existence known as the Water Demon! I didn't expect that you would actually use water to attack and turn the battlefield into water. You are truly foolish."

Qin Luo Sheng's face was full of bitterness.

Was this aiding the enemy?

This was aiding the enemy!

How stupid!

But who could they blame?

He could only blame his fate!

Who knew that He was a water demon? The water was the home ground for Him to unleash His abilities!

"Wu!"

"Wu!"

"Wu!"

Strange baby-like cries rang out continuously!

Even though it had the effect of the Undying Battle Intent and could not be controlled, Qin Sheng still felt dizzy, nauseous and almost vomited!

He looked up!

A shadow that covered the sky appeared behind him!

It was a clear image and very recognizable. Seeing this, a name instantly popped up in Qin Sheng's mind—

Nine Neonate!

Ancient magical beasts were monsters of fire and water. They could spew water and spit fire. Their cries were like the cries of babies. There were nine of them!

"It's really over now!"

Qin Luo's morale plummeted. "Even the ancient demonic beast, the Nine Neonate, has come out. I'm not the f*cking god, Hou Yi. Damn it! Dog System, you f*cking bastard! I admit defeat!"

"I have been sealed for tens of thousands of years. Today, I have regained my freedom. Hou Yi, Da Yu, just you wait. I will definitely avenge my past grievances in the future! I will definitely devour all of your descendants and extract their divine blood so that I can find the other greater demons that you have sealed. The day our former comrades reappear will be the day the demon Heavenly Courts is rebuilt!"

The Nine Neonate roared into the sky. Its demonic might shook the heavens and earth!

"Is this the crushing power of life?"

Under Jiu Ying's aura, Qin Sheng's body stiffened. His legs felt like they were filled with lead, and he could not even lift them.

"Time is also fate. The heavens do not belong to me, it is not my fault!"

Qin Luo sighed softly and closed his eyes to await death.

"Idiot, what are you doing?"

At this moment, a delicate voice suddenly rang out in his ears. Qin Luo, who had turned as white as ash, could not help but shudder.

He asked, "Who are you?"

"Don't care who I am. Listen, there's only one way to survive!" she said. "Jiu Ying's physical body has been killed. What's in front of you now is his soul. Without a physical body, even if he escapes from the Soul Suppressing Coffin, it will be difficult for him to leave this place."

“What do you mean?”

"The meaning is very simple!" She continued, "What seals the Nine Neonate's soul is not the Soul Suppressing Coffin, but the entire Sealed Land! That's right, the place you are in is a sealed cage, and the energy source that sustains it is a mural depicting Hou Yi's will on the dome, as well as the twenty-four Soul Suppressing Pearls embedded in it!"

"There is an Origin Stone in your interspatial bag. It is the purest energy in the world. It can replenish the missing divine energy of the Soul Suppressing Pearl. Then, it can activate the divinity left behind by Hou Yi in the mural, awaken Hou Yi's remnant will, summon Hou Yi's phantom, and kill the Nine Neonate!"

Origin Stones?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. Then, he suddenly recalled that he had extorted it from the High Priest before he left. He had originally thought that it was just a special stone, but he had never expected that it could actually replenish the energy of the Soul Suppressing Pearl that suppressed the Nine Neonate and the other peerless demonic beasts and awaken the Great God, Hou Yi!

Qin Luo gritted his teeth. "What should I do?"

"Insert the Origin Stones into Hou Yi's forehead. That is the core of the sealing array, and also where Hou Yi's consciousness lies. Only the powerful energy contained within the Origin Stones can awaken him!"

This…

Qin Luo Sheng silently glanced at the ferocious Nine Neonate and felt his teeth ache!

Doing this under Jiu Ying's nose?

Are you making things difficult for me, Fat Tiger!!!