Chapter 117: Fighting For Every Second

The height was 20 meters!

It was merely 20 meters, but to Qin Luo, it was like a heavenly moat!

Normally, not to mention 20 meters, even 10 meters was not a height that players could reach as long as they did not have the ability to fly!

‘ What?’

Jump?

Perhaps!

After all, the virtual world was incomparable to the real world. In this world, every player was a superman. Breaking the limits of the human body was too easy.

However, he had to take things one step at a time and bite back. The players had just started and were still in the beginner village. It was still too early to reach that level.

However!

Qin Luo Sheng was not included!

Because he could fly!

However, it was a pity that his flying ability was not his own ability. Instead, he was relying on external objects. The restrictions were huge!

That's right!

It was just that the Spiritual Light Cloak could not escape!

The Spiritual Light Cloak had a special effect that contained four abilities. Flying was one of them!

However!

In order to activate it, he would need 10 Spiritual Lights!

In order to avoid being attacked by the snakes, he had used up his flying ability during the battle with Snake Girl. It had only been slightly more than an hour since then.

According to the calculation, it would take about nine more hours for the Spiritual Light Point to recover by 1 hour before it could be fully replenished. Nine hours? It was too late!

Fortunately, there was always a way out!

Due to the impact of the water vein, the three hundred square meters of corpse suppression was completely flooded, turning into Ze Country. Qin Sheng controlled the Water Vein Spirit Pearl and was extremely water-attribute. He could easily swim to the dome and embed the Origin Stone into the forehead of Great God Hou Yi according to the mysterious person's instructions, awakening his will and killing Jiu Ying.

However!

There was a problem now!

Nine Neonate!

This peerless demon beast was fierce and ruthless. How could he watch Qin Sheng awaken the great enemy who had once killed him? He would definitely stop him at all costs!

"Awww…"

While Qin Luo was hesitating and lost, the confrontation between the Nine Neonate and the remnant seal was also nearing its end. Without the guidance of its consciousness, and due to the excessive consumption of energy, coupled with the fact that the Nine Neonate had already broken the Soul Suppressing Coffin and escaped, the combination of various factors and the sealing array formation could not do anything to the Nine Neonate. It would be broken very soon!

"F*ck, I'm going all out!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and made a prompt decision!

The longer this dragged on, the more disadvantageous it would be for him!

Now, he could take advantage of the fact that Jiu Ying's attention was completely focused on the sealing array. He might even be able to steal some chickens. Once he settled the sealing array, there would really be no chance!

"Starlight Reversal!"

"Backtrack—Leopard Tu!"

At the moment of desperation, Qin Sheng was not stingy at all. He activated the Lord of the Stars' retrace ability and cleared the cooldown time of Leopard Su, who had just used it and was still in CD mode!

"Leopard Tu!"

The phantom of a cheetah appeared. The power that had just faded from his body reappeared.

"Charge!"

Qin Luo stomped hard on the ground. Borrowing the force of the rebound, his body was like an arrow released from a bow as he swam rapidly towards the dome.

“Brat, what are you planning to do?”

Qin Luo Sheng's actions naturally could not be hidden from the Nine Neonate. As he watched Qin Luo rush towards the dome, the Nine Neonate instinctively felt that something was amiss. Without any hesitation, it believed in its own instincts and used its eight snake heads to resist the sealing formation. With one of them freed up, the snake's mouth spewed out energy, forming a violent energy ball that sprayed towards Qin Luo.

"I can't be distracted. Otherwise, my only chance will be gone!"

Qin Luo did not dodge. Gritting his teeth, he continued to charge forward ferociously. "Let's risk it! Let's bet on this!"

"Blessing of Starlight, activate and sublimate the second effect of the three-colored divine light!"

An angry roar!

The three colors of gold, silver and copper shone brightly as Qin Luo swiftly formed a gigantic energy shield around his body!

Following that!

The energy of the Lords of the Stars poured out, and a heaven-defying ability appeared once again. It was infused into the three-colored energy shield, and in an instant, a brilliant light bloomed, shining brilliantly.

Bang…

At the instant when the energy shield sublimated, the violent energy ball smashed over with a loud bang. The indescribable power instantly broke through the tri-colored energy shield that had already been sublimated to the extreme through the Starlight Blessing.

"NICE!"

Qin Luo Sheng endured the pain of his internal organs being displaced by the impact and swallowed back the blood that had reached his mouth. He turned his head and looked at the energy ball that had disappeared along with the three-colored energy shield. A look of joy appeared on his face.

Success!

"Brat, how dare you!"

The Nine Neonate was both shocked and furious after evading the sure-kill strike. However, what made him even more shocked and furious was still Qin Sheng's next move. He held an Origin Stone that was emitting a dense pure energy and rapidly flew towards the dome.

At this moment, no matter how idiotic Jiu Ying was, he knew of Qin Sheng's intentions and instantly went berserk!

"An ant like you dares to play tricks under This King's nose?"

Jiu Ying's roar shook the heavens and earth. "I originally wanted to let you live a little longer, but since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish!"

Swoosh…

The snake's head rolled, creating huge waves!

Instead of continuing to attack with energy balls, the Nine Neonate directly used the most primitive method to control a snake head to attack at a high speed. It caught up to Qin Sheng in an instant and opened its bloody mouth, preparing to swallow him whole.

"We're already here, how can you stop us?"

Qin Luo Sheng sniffed the nauseating stench and did not turn back. He maintained his fastest speed as he headed towards the dome. At the same time, he patted the Illusionary Spirit ribbon at his waist!

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

Seven-colored brilliance rose, illuminating the entire burial ground!

Just as he was about to bite down on the Nine Neonate's snake head, he was suddenly illuminated by the light. Confusion appeared in his eyes as he relaxed and released Qin Sheng, who was already at his mouth!

"Confusion formation?"

However, the effect did not last for more than a second before Jiu Ying returned to normal. Looking at the cooked duck fly out of his mouth and take another step towards the dome, he let out an earth-shattering roar. "Brat, no matter how cunning you are, you can forget about escaping from this king's grasp today. What other moves do you have? Use them. This king will receive them!"

Just one second?

No!

It shouldn't even be a second!

Was this the ancient demonic beast Jiu Ying? How terrifying!

The Illusionary Spirit Beguilement Array had an illusionary ability that lasted up to three seconds. However, when placed on Jiu Ying, the effect was actually so short. This resistance was ridiculous!

Close!

Close!

Close again!

15 meters!

10 meters!

Eight meters!

At this moment, Jiu Ying's third wave of attacks arrived!

It was that ferocious snake head again, that familiar bloody mouth again!

"Shadow—Trick!"

As danger approached, at the moment of life and death, Qin Luo suddenly turned his head back. His eyes focused as his spiritual power erupted to the extreme, surpassing the limits!

"Pfft…"

He spat out a mouthful of blood!

Just one look!

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if his brain had been stepped on by an elephant. He was in so much pain that he felt like his head was splitting apart. The world was spinning!