Chapter 114: Old Yin Yang Person

"Fight!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a low roar and retreated rapidly, dodging his probing attack!

"Spirited Snake Step!"

"Clever!"

"Leopard Tu!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not stingy at all. He used all three speed enhancement skills without hiding a single one!

He had already gone all out against Snake Girl, much less "Her" who was much stronger than Snake Girl. Hiding his strength was equivalent to courting death!

"Oh? Interesting!"

Sensing that Qin Sheng's speed had instantly changed to a completely different dimension, he looked at him with interest. His originally relaxed gaze finally had a hint of seriousness.

"Sirius!"

"Li Shui!"

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

Qin Sheng continued to use augmentation skills to avoid his continuous pursuit. Although he lacked [Backwater Battle] (Cooldown: 24 hours), [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] still had passive effects [Hundred Wars]. As time passed, its attack power would gradually increase, and the effect was not bad.

"Get lost!"

[Coiling Dragon Water] slashed heavily, and a sharp sword qi shot out, slashing towards the pursuing "Him".

“Undying Battle Will!”

Qin Sheng seized the opportunity when he was forced to retreat. He widened his eyes as a familiar feeling welled up in his heart. In an instant, his spirit shook and he became extremely excited.

“Come! An animal abandoned by time!”

A vigorous energy surged out of his body continuously. Qin Sheng was obsessed with feeling everything. He looked at Qin Luo, who had temporarily stopped in his tracks and was somewhat bewildered. He waved his hand and sneered. "I want to see how you are going to devour my billions of compatriots and raise my human descendants to become your so-called blood feed."

"Little brat, don't be too smug!"

"He" had a cold expression on his face and squinted his eyes. His eyes became extremely dangerous. "Don't think that you can win just because you increased your strength by a little with the mystic technique. This King will let you know that ants are ultimately ants!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo said coldly, "Then you—take this!"

"Shadow Assault!"

His body moved slightly, and there were many afterimages. When the shadow disappeared on the spot, Qin Sheng had already moved to his back. He picked up [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and stabbed fiercely at the back of his head. "Shadow Spike!"

One hit!

Qin Sheng was secretly shocked at his strong defense when he saw the small wound on the back of his head. However, he was relieved when he saw that it could break through his defense. He was afraid that if he could not even break through his defense, there would really be no chance!

“Berserk—Heavy Slash!”

Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab!

The powerful combination skill of the Shadow Warrior!

Sneak attacks and sneak attacks were always successful!

However!

This was only the first step!

Next was the second combination skill—

Dizzy + Berserk Strike!

Berserk Heavy Strike required accumulation of power, and the Stun effect of Shadow Spike could be used together with it!

Originally, warriors like the Shadow Warrior, who were more inclined towards this moment, mainly focused on agility. The Berserk Strike was a bit of a burden, but it was very effective!

500% increase in strength damage and an additional effect of serious injury to weaken the enemy's attributes by 10%. There was a chance of triggering an absolute serious injury to weaken the enemy's attributes by 20%. Wouldn't it be an idiot not to use such a bug-level ability?

This was especially so for a super BOSS like "Him" who had the ability to severely injure someone with a Berserk Strike. After all, with a 100% reduction, the stronger the base attributes, the greater the reduction value.

"Slash!"

The edge of the sword was piercingly cold and energy surged wildly!

[Coiling Dragon Li Water], which was enhanced with [Li Water], had special effects. Not only did it make the water attribute sword edge sharper, every time it attacked, the Li Water infused would make the enemy's body heavier, greatly affecting their coordination and weakening their combat power.

Clang…

A huge rebound came from Qin Luo Sheng. He could barely hold on to the hilt of the [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. Under the intense pain from the web between his thumb and index finger, he almost threw it out.

"F*ck? Is this steel? Why is it so hard?"

If he wanted to deal with Snake Girl like that, he would take advantage of the moment of dizziness to decapitate her. On the real battlefield, there was no such thing as HP points. If the head, neck, heart, and other fatal areas were attacked, even if one had a million HP in the virtual data, they would die instantly.

What a pity!

Too naive!

That fair neck looked like a woman's, but it was unimaginably thick. It was almost as thick as an alloy!

"Suppressed This King's strength by a level?"

A second later, he blinked and moved away from Qin Sheng. Feeling the suppressed power in his body, he was somewhat surprised. "The power of rules? I didn't expect a mere human ant to be able to control such a move! It seems that the human race has improved quite a bit over the past tens of thousands of years!"

"Don't run!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not listen to his nonsense. His time was abnormally precious. Most of his augmentation skills only lasted for 30 seconds. If he were to fight with Mushroom, he would only bring about his own destruction.

"Instant Slash!"

With a flash, Qin Sheng took the initiative to attack once again. His body dashed wildly and in an instant, he appeared on his flank again. The Coiling Dragon Water slashed across horizontally with monstrous might.

However!

The sword blade that was originally aimed at His neck was blocked by His suddenly extended arm!

Clang!

To be able to command the world in the ancient era, not to mention the extent of his decline in strength, his terrifying combat awareness and combat instincts were beyond Qin Sheng's reach.

Even though Qin Luo appeared and disappeared unpredictably, and his movements were unpredictable, he still relied on his instincts and experience to raise his hand and block the tyrannical sword that was headed for his neck!

It was too terrifying!

"F*ck!"

A sharp pain came from the web between his thumb and index finger again. Qin Sheng cursed in his heart, 'It's too hard! I can't go on like this. Otherwise, I won't be able to hold my sword before I kill him!'

"Why? Are you done already?"

Looking at Qin Luo's retreating figure, he sneered. "As expected, he's just an ant. He obtained a little power through external forces and can only show off for a while. If it's not yours, it's not yours in the end!"

"We'll talk about it after you win!"

Qin Qin Sheng had not been provoked. This kind of weak-minded and incompetent provocation still wanted to mess with his heart? Did he really think that the title of Zuan's pianist was for nothing?

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

Qin Sheng did not clash head-on with him. He relied on the two-meter attack range boost from the Sword Qi to increase the attack distance of the Undying Battle Intent by one-meter. He took a step forward and began to circle around him to attack at an extraordinary speed.

"Why? Didn't you call me an ant just now? How does it feel to be beaten like a dog by an ant? Huh? Huh? Huh?"

As Qin Luo Sheng attacked, he spoke in a peculiar tone, "You keep calling yourself this king. In the ancient era, you must have been an ambitious and ruthless character. Your authority was so great and your strength was so great that you should be famous, right? How do you feel now that you've been taught a lesson by a human junior like me?"