Chapter 119: Uproar, Shocking Reward (1)

"Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has successfully cleared the trial grounds of the Abyss Mode. As the first player to clear the Abyss Mode difficulty, you have received a reward: Health Points + 2000, Mana Points + 2000, Strength + 50, Constitution + 50, Agility + 50, Spirit + 50, Luck + 2, Charm + 2, Toughness + 2, Focus + 2, Enlightenment + 2. You have received special equipment: Medal of Courage x1, Reputation + 10,000! This notice!"

Ding…

Ding…

An earth-shattering system notification sounded crazily in the ears of players all over the world. It exploded three times before it ended!

A stone would cause a thousand ripples!

Instantly!

The entire world was once again shocked!

Everyone looked at China. It was different from the past. This time, it was not envy, jealousy, or hatred. It was anger, extreme anger!

After the United Nations agreed, the Fate Corporation officially submitted an application to the mainframe that controlled the world of Fate Dimension. The mainframe also agreed to it. They had chosen a time and were preparing to broadcast the entire world to test the Weeping Soul Beast!

Yet!

At this moment, the cheater Weeping Soul had once again caused trouble and created such big news.

Wasn't this blatant provocation?

"Cheating!"

"Cheating!"

"Cheating!"

The entire world was screaming at the top of their lungs!

Once again!

The official forum was once again blown up. Many of the receptionists and MMs who had just been appeased were once again bombarded into autism and completely broke down!

However!

Qin Sheng, who had once again become the center of the world storm, had no self-awareness at all. He had an attitude of 'no matter how monstrous the flood is, you will remain unmoved by me'. He was a calm and collected person!

"Is it settled?"

Qin Sheng, who had been bombarded by the system's prompts, suddenly opened his eyes and rubbed them. He looked around and saw that the Nine Neonate had disappeared. He looked up and saw that Hou Yi's mural had also disappeared. He immediately understood what had happened.

"Damn, it's finally over!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh. He could not help but recall the scenes he had experienced after entering the dungeon.

Sitting and watching the raging bulls fight!

The second stage of Zhi Tong!

He had to pass the third stage!

Assassinate the six beast kings one by one!

Beheading Snake Girl in a battle of wits and courage!

Finally—

In the Corpse Subduing Ground, the Nine Neonate appeared and fought to the death without retreating. It was a battle of life and death with a speed of 20 meters. Hou Yi appeared and shot the Sun Shooting Arrow at the Kun!

In the end!

Qin Sheng had won and stood at the end!

"Leave!"

After tidying up his slightly complicated feelings, Qin Luo started swimming to find the exit.

"Eh, what's that?"

Qin Sheng shuttled through the destroyed Town Corpse like a fish. Suddenly, his sharp eyes caught sight of something flickering in a pile of rocks below.

"This is?"

Pushing aside the rubble, he reached out and picked up the item that was still emitting a faint glow. Taking a closer look at it in his palm, Qin Sheng was dumbfounded!

An egg-sized pearl?

Night-Luminescent Pearl?

Soul Suppressing Pearl?

No!

No!

Because this bead was black!

"This should have been left behind after Jiu Ying died, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and pondered, "Could this be the so-called inner core?"

He was shocked!

Inner core!

A legendary existence!

That was something that could only be produced in the body of a true demon. It was the same as Daoist Jindan and Buddhist relics. It contained unimaginable power.

Keep it well!

Although it was just a guess, it was not certain. However, how could something that was preserved during the battle between the Nine Neonate and Hou Yi be ordinary? He would have a chance to find out what it was in the future!

"Just this? How disappointing!"

He searched once more, searching through almost all the rubble, but found nothing else. Qin Sheng lowered his head, his face dejected. Helplessly, he activated the teleportation array and left the burial ground!

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the Beginner's Village!

"Ding, your mission [Corpse Suppression] has been completed. Please head to the temple to find the High Priest and receive your reward!"

The system prompt message arrived late!

"Oh, I almost forgot, there's still a mission!"

Qin Luo slapped his head and changed directions, running towards the temple.

“Originally, I was planning to directly go to the village head’s place and teleport away from the village, officially entering the city and starting my adventure. But now, it seems like I’ll have to waste some time. I wonder what other treasures the High Priest can squeeze out?!”

Five minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng left the temple with a face full of joy!

There was no reward!

To be more precise, the High Priest probably didn’t have any!

This was because the one who issued the Demon Suppression mission was the Imperial Court. Naturally, the reward would be received from the government office of the Empire. Unfortunately, there was no such thing in the novice village!

However!

Qin Luo Sheng still received a letter from the High Priest and a hidden mission—

[Mission Title: Meeting the Star Glory City's City Lord

[Mission Introduction] Star Glory City was one of the nine main cities of the empire. It was named after Sunlight City, Moonlight City, Golden Radiance City, Wood Radiance City, Water Radiance City, Fire Radiance City, and Earth Radiance City. It was distributed all over the capital city and guarded the capital city. The city lord of Star Glory City had replaced the royal family to guard the southwest and was highly regarded. His status was extraordinary.

[Mission Details] Hand the referral letter to the City Lord of Star Glory City

[Mission Time] 10 days

[Mission Reward] Unknown

[Punishment for Failure] None

What is this?

A letter?

No, no, no!

This was a pass, a pass to reach the sky!

Reality proved that no matter which era or country it was, it was a shortcut to establish connections with the powerful!

Furthermore!

He was not surrendering, nor was he going to be a dog!

Exterminating the sinister devils was a meritorious deed!

Suppressing the Nine Neonate had resolved the huge crisis that had been left behind since ancient times!

Even a trusted aide of the emperor and a vassal with great military and political power would treat him as an honored guest!

After that, he would have to stay in Star Glory City. To be able to build a good relationship with the City Lord and build a good relationship with him, wasn't this the Great Dao of Heaven Connecting?

Even though this was Qin Sheng's first time playing a virtual game and everything was still in the stage of exploration, were all those fantasy novels in his previous life for nothing?

Even if "Fate Dimension" and those fantasy novels were not on the same channel and could not be brought in and compared, they were still the same. Shouldn't the patterns be the same?

Taking a step back, even without the preferential treatment of shops, lands, and other products, and even rewards, to be able to be associated with the City Lord, insider information must be more informed. There should be some privileges, right? The chances of obtaining a hidden mission should be higher than other players, right?

A real big shot like this NPC who controlled a huge city would be able to feed the players with just a little bit of stuff!

Other people would beg their grandparents for food, but there was no way they could eat it!

And him!

Qin Sheng!

He could eat alone!