Chapter 111: Corpse Suppression Ground

"Finally, did you win?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath. His body flickered as he moved more than ten meters away from the snake girl's corpse. After ensuring that he would not be instantly ambushed, he then relaxed his body.

What a bitter battle!

Qin Luo smiled bitterly as he massaged his sore muscles.

"I still underestimated Snake Girl!"

Qin Luo Sheng knew himself well!

There were too many unexpected factors in defeating Snake Girl!

He had originally thought that it was just a massacre. After all, they had met once before. At that time, it had been a tough battle, but he had still won in the end. Not only had he won, but he had also learned all the information about Snake Girl. It was impossible to lose when one knew one's enemy.

However!

Too underestimated!

In the real battlefield, Snake Girl, who had evolved into a "demon", was actually this terrifying!

If not for the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, he would have fallen into the snakes during the first clash.

Changing the environment and converting the home ground advantage was the key to turning defeat into victory.

There was another crucial point, which was the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that he had just obtained!

If not for the effects of [Last Stand], it would have been difficult to kill the thick-skinned, sturdy, and resistant Snake Girl until she was on the verge of death.

"However, I still won!"

Qin Luo glanced at the snake girl's corpse that still showed no signs of reanimation and was greatly comforted.

“Is that the teleportation formation for the next checkpoint?”

Sweeping his gaze left and right, Qin Luo Sheng saw that at the very center of the snake cave, a flickering light spot had suddenly appeared. Below it was the familiar Eight Trigrams Light Array that was slowly rotating. He was rather delighted.

"Since the teleportation circle has appeared, the guardian BOSS is definitely dead. Snake Girl is really dead!"

Only then did Qin Sheng let his guard down completely.

It was not his fault for being overly suspicious, but Snake Girl was an extremely strange existence. He had no choice but to be on guard. If he was careless, it was very likely that he would fail miserably and lose his great advantage. Even if the situation was reversed, he would be killed by her and completely GG!

"There's no rush!"

After pondering for a moment, Qin Luo Sheng did not choose to go to the next level immediately. "Let's rest for a while to recover our energy and stamina. We'll also wait for the cooldown of our skills! Coincidentally, we'll have to go offline to cook for Nannan too!"

"Ding! You are currently in a special map and temporarily cannot exit the game. If you forcefully exit, the system will send you out of the dungeon!"

Qin Sheng:…

Damn system!

w

LMGB!

Wasn't this a scam?

Who needed to clear a dungeon in one go?

This was an Abyss Mode dungeon. Its attributes were at least three times more difficult than Nightmare Mode. Even the worst Enchanted Bull had the strength of a Bronze Boss. How shameless!

If it were not for the fact that the monsters in the real battlefield would kill each other, according to the number of monsters in the other dungeons, there would be hundreds or thousands of monsters on each level. If he cleared them one by one, wouldn't the first three checkpoints kill him for days?

Even if a super tycoon bought a gaming capsule that cost as much as a million yuan, the gaming time was limited to 12 hours per day. Was this bit of time enough?

Did this mean that the Abyss Mode was destined to fail?

It was really a dog!

How shameless!

If it weren’t for the fact that he had used Spatial Teleportation to jump past the second checkpoint of the Demonized Wild Wolves, he would have been able to pass through the first checkpoint without any bloodshed. Moreover, he also had the ability of a Shadow Warrior, which allowed him to hide and fight. If he had used Spatial Teleportation to pass through the Chaotic Forest of the third checkpoint at the smallest cost, who knows how much time he would have needed to do so.

If it were anyone else, not to mention whether they could win or not, once they were stalled, due to time, the mission would definitely fail.

This kind of failure was really mind-blowing!

It wasn't that he wasn't strong enough, it was just that he wasn't given time to unleash his abilities. If he exceeded the time limit, he would kick him offline. The path that he had taken half a day of hard work to walk was now completely wasted. It was simply insane.

"It seems like the system wants the players to complete the game without stopping!"

Qin Qin Sheng also understood the sinister intentions of the system!

An abyss was an abyss. If one could treat it with common sense, would it still be called an abyss?

This was the highest difficulty!

After clearing Nightmare Mode, the rewards were all Health Points + 500, Magic Points + 500, Strength + 20, Constitution + 20, Agility + 20, Spirit + 20!

So generous!

The Abyss Mode, which was several times more difficult, would definitely have the same ratio of rewards, or even higher!

Once they cleared the level, the rewards would be obtained, and there would definitely be a huge gap between them and other players!

This was a banquet that belonged to the strong. If one wanted to participate, the conditions were naturally extremely harsh!

"Alright, dog system, you win!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth, but there was nothing he could do. "If your f*cking reward is bad, I'll definitely scold you every day!"

"There's still plenty of time in the game. There's no need to rush!"

Qin Sheng looked at the time and heaved a sigh of relief. It was good that he did not have to rush.

"Although my body and spirit haven't reached the critical point, I'm still very tired. I need to rest! A beard lathered is half shaved. Challenging him in a state of discontent is no different from courting death!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "There's also the CD of the skill. There's no need to care about the long duration. At least 30 minutes of the water vein impact, and 1 hour of the Illusionary Spirit Confounding Formation must be restored. Just nice, an hour of rest is about the same. I can also restore one spiritual point of the Spiritual Light Cloak. Perfect!"

Decide!

Qin Luo Sheng went limp on the spot. Although he was in the water, he was completely unaffected due to the Spiritual Water Pearl. Just like on land, he could still recover his spirit and stamina by resting!

…

"Nan Nan, wait for me, I will kill the Boss as soon as possible!"

An hour passed in the blink of an eye!

Qin Luo got up and stretched his body.

Feeling the soreness that had faded away, his muscles were filled with strength again and his spirit was almost restored to its peak. He could not help but nod and was very satisfied with his physical fitness.

"Let's begin!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath as he walked to the Teleportation Formation. He stretched out his hand and touched it. "Let me see how strong the peerless beast that has been suppressed since ancient times is!"

The array formation was triggered and the Eight Trigrams Formation Disk started spinning crazily. The spatial energy generated wrapped around Qin Sheng's body and transported him to the set coordinates of the other end of the formation!

His vision changed!

Qin Luo opened his eyes. He was not used to the dazzling light!

"Is this the burial ground?"

After more than ten seconds, Qin Sheng began to adjust to the light with his eyes narrowed.

This was a sealed space. Because there was sufficient light and because the terrain was flat and open, there were no obstacles and was completely unrestricted, one could see everything at a glance.

After a rough calculation, it was about 300 square meters and about 20 meters tall!

The walls around it were filled with incantations that looked like tadpoles. There were also quite a few old and dusty talismans. However, the talismans were very dim and their spiritual light was weak. It was obvious that too much time had passed and their spiritual energy was about to be exhausted.

Looking up!

There were many Night-Luminescent Pearls embedded in the ceiling, and each of them was like a fist. They were practically rare treasures, and any one of them could be sold for an astronomical price. Even if one didn't do anything for the rest of their life, they could still lie down and live comfortably for the rest of their life. Perhaps only in ancient times would there be such treasures, and only then would there be people willing to use so many of them as illumination!

Besides the Night-Luminescent Pearl, there was something else that attracted Qin Sheng's gaze. That was—

The mural!