Chapter 118: Hou Yi Revives, History Reappears

"No, I can't faint yet. There's still one more thing. I'm so close. I have to hold on!"

A supreme will burned.

Dragging his heavily injured body and spirit that was on the verge of collapse, Qin Sheng managed to escape from the snake's mouth once again while he was in a semi-conscious state.

"Ice Skin!"

The power of the sacred body had reappeared!

Under the power of the rules of ice muscles, Qin Luo, who was on the verge of death, recovered to his peak condition!

However!

His body had recovered, but his mind was not!

To use a mortal to control an ancient demon beast like the Nine Neonate, one could imagine the outcome. The fact that it did not collapse meant that it was still holding on!

7 meters!

6 meters!

5 meters!

He had burned his soul and will to fight to the death. After paying such a heavy price, he had finally won a beautiful victory!

In less than a second, Qin Sheng managed to get three meters closer to the dome with much difficulty, thanks to the leopard's abruptness. Now, he was only five meters away from his final destination!

"Brat, This King will eat you alive!"

Jiu Ying, who had recovered from Qin Luosheng's control, flew into a rage.

This was a humiliation that could not be washed away!

He was an ancient demon king, yet he had been plotted against by a nameless junior. It was as though he was rubbing his face against the ground. If others knew about this, would Jiu Ying still be able to survive?

Bang…

At that moment, the remaining sealing formation was completely shattered, turning into useless piles of rubble. The formation plate also cracked, turning into ruins!

"Awww…"

When the nine heads gathered, the Nine Neonate's spirit and will would combine into one. It would recover to its peak and form a complete body. It was no longer something that a small trick like Qin Sheng's could affect.

In other words…

The current Nine Neonate was immune to all control abilities!

"Die!"

The snake's mouth closed in once again!

Qin Sheng, who had run out of tricks, was powerless to reverse the situation. Like a fish being swallowed by a giant whale, his body disappeared into the mouth of the huge snake!

"In the end, I won this battle!"

Jiu Ying was finally relieved that the only variable had died in his stomach. However, before he could heave a sigh of relief, Qin Sheng's voice rang out again. "Mad Shadow Absolute Kill!"

Swish!

The moment the snake’s mouth closed completely, the sharp teeth of the upper and lower jaws were less than 50 centimeters apart when an afterimage suddenly rushed out!

The ultimate technique of the Shadow Warrior—Mad Shadow Final Slash. It had finally been used at the most critical juncture, and Qin Sheng had used it as his final turning point!

1000% increase in speed, that was really fast to the extreme!

In less than a second, the final distance from the dome, with the enhancement of skill effect (attack range 5 * 5), arrived in the blink of an eye!

"Jiu Ying, your death is here!"

Qin Luo coughed up blood from the corner of his mouth. Under the horrified gaze of the Nine Neonate, he pressed the Source Stone heavily into the forehead of Hou Yi, the Great God in the mural!

Buzz…

Pure energy surged in and the array foundation slowly activated. The final seal was completely activated!

"Jiu Ying, you finally came out!"

The mural instantly distorted. The originally still painting came to life under the spinning array formation. The ancient god, Hou Yi, who held the Sun Shooting Bow slowly walked out from the domed stone wall. His divine might shook the heavens and earth.

"Hou Yi…"

The great enemy revived, the Nine Neonate’s nine heads dancing about, releasing heaven shocking roars of resentment.

"Jiu Ying, so many years have passed. I didn't expect you to still be unrepentant and have no regrets!"

Hou Yi looked indifferently at the Nine Neonate. He was unmoved by the towering might it emitted. He gently gripped the Sun Shooting Bow, causing the Nine Neonate's body to stiffen.

"Why should This King feel regret?"

Jiu Ying shouted, "Humans have only been food for blood since ancient times. Who wouldn't view demons, demons, and ghost beasts as such? You are a great shaman, yet you abandoned your race and ended up as a companion of the humans. You have really disgraced the Shaman Tribe!"

"It's useless to say anything more!"

Hou Yi said coldly, "In the past, you demons used despicable means to wipe out my witch race. Millions and millions of our compatriots died tragically, causing our lives to be plunged into misery and suffering. Even if the demon celestial heavens were destroyed and the demon emperor perished, not even one out of ten of you ten demon generals would be able to pay for your sins."

With that said, Hou Yi raised the Sun Shooting Bow and pulled the bowstring. Like a resplendent arrow of sunlight, it slowly took shape and aimed at the Nine Neonate, who seemed to have been immobilized. "It's true that I was a witch in my previous life, but after being persecuted by you demons, I have already reincarnated into a human. The witch race has already been wiped out, and humans are my compatriots. You heartless demons with negative karma clinging to your bodies, how can I allow you to do as you wish and let humans follow in the footsteps of the witch race?"

"What do you want?"

After being targeted by the Sun Shooting Bow, the fear that originated from his genes was completely revived. The Nine Neonate, who had been dancing around in a group just a moment ago, now had all nine of its heads gathered together, trembling. It did not look like a peerless monster. Instead, the ten great demon generals of the ancient Heavenly Courts were like dogs trying their best to hide their presence and not be discovered.

"What do you want?!"

Hou Yi remained expressionless as the Sun Shooting Arrows' glow intensified. "I'll kill you!"

"Hou Yi, don't go too far! You are just a wisp of consciousness, not your true body. The Sun Shooting Bow is just a manifestation of a sliver of Origins energy. Do you really think that I, Jiu Ying, am afraid of you?"

Jiu Ying raged.

"So what if I am?"

Hou Yi said indifferently, "Killing you is enough!"

"Awww…"

The Nine Neonate instantly went berserk. Its nine heads danced as its body burst forth with fire and water dual-elemental energy. Accompanied by a sharp cry, it prepared to fight to the death!

Swish…

The arrow string trembled, and the Sunlight Arrow burst forth!

There was no earth-shattering momentum. It was as if an ordinary person had shot out an ordinary arrow, simple and unadorned!

However!

It was just an ordinary arrow, but it made the big ancient demon, Jiu Ying, let out an extremely horrified howl!

"Hou Yi!!!"

Jiu Ying, who was controlling the power of fire and water, roared, "If I don't die, I will definitely slaughter the billions of humans to take revenge!"

The fire that symbolized the power of extreme yang and the water that symbolized the power of extreme yin, one yin and one yang, turned into two energy balls under Jiu Ying's control. As they spun, they formed an illusory Yin-Yang Taijitu that stood in front of him!

What a pity!

It was useless!

The Shooting Sun Arrows flashed past, easily breaking through the illusory taiji diagram and entering Jiu Ying's body!

"I—can't accept this!"

The Nine Neonate's nine heads drooped down, and the eighteen snake eyes dimmed. Its body vanished, and its soul dissipated into ashes!

One arrow killed Jiu Ying!

“You want to slaughter my human race? What a pity! You won’t have the chance!”

Seeing the Nine Neonate's soul dissipate, Hou Yi's expression remained the same. There was no fluctuation in his expression, as though he had no interest in destroying an ancient Fey God. It was as though he had casually crushed an ant!

He cast his gaze down towards Qin Sheng, who had completely fainted and was sinking into the water. A hint of admiration flashed through his eyes!

"At such a young age, not only did you face Jiu Ying without fear, you even helped me awaken my consciousness under Jiu Ying's eyes. You are brave and resourceful. The younger generation will surpass us in time!"

Hou Yi extended his hand, and a flash of divine light entered Qin Sheng's body. In the next moment, his figure vanished, leaving only an illusory sound. "I'm really looking forward to your growth—the human race needs a hero like you to lead!"