Chapter 112: The Birth Of The Evil Demon

There was a mural on the dome!

It was a mural depicting a god, or rather, a totem!

It did not have a complete system and did not have a mature style. It was very immature and should still be in the stage of figuring it out. Therefore, it looked very twisted and weird.

This also meant that in ancient times, humans were still ignorant and foolish!

At that time, the ancestors of the Human race had pushed many supernatural phenomena that could not be explained by science to God!

Unfortunately!

Due to the lack of imagination, worshiping gods could not describe the appearance of the gods in one's imagination. Therefore, they could only settle for the next best thing and replace them with other powerful or beautiful beings they had seen!

Some made full use of it and did not change at all. For example, snakes and wolves were used as totems!

Some of them were used one-sidedly, and only one part of the body was extracted. By relying on their own imagination, they formed strange stitched monsters, called them gods, and worshipped them.

"The stone hammer! This damn place really existed since ancient times!"

Initially, Qin Luosheng did not quite believe it, but after seeing this scene, he believed it. Even if the later generations wanted to imitate this mural, they would not be able to. It would only exist in the era, a symbol of the era.

"Am I walking into a lion's den?"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng wavered!

Ancient era!

Too long ago!

Modern science was far more advanced than the ancient era. It was a technological era!

However!

Even though the ancient era was obscure, it had its unique characteristics. It belonged to the era of gods.

Only the heavens knew how many unknown mysteries there were in that period, how many powerful creatures that had never been seen in the history books but had already gone extinct in the long river of history.

If it were in reality, Qin Sheng might be slightly better. After all, the so-called theology was merely a product of ignorance.

However!

Even though they were in the real battlefield and there was almost no difference compared to reality, they were still in the virtual world of destiny!

The game world was still the game world even if the game mode had changed.

Here, science was the joke!

Supernatural power, elemental power, imaginary race, higher lifeforms like "demons"…They all existed. The so-called gods naturally existed too. They were not imaginary existences!

"Is it too late to regret now?"

Qin Luo Sheng swept a glance at the coffin in the middle of the burial ground that was locked by dozens of thick chains from all directions. Even though it was covered with all sorts of talismans, he still felt his heart palpitate as if he was being stared at by some prehistoric beast. His body instinctively started trembling.

This was an unparalleled vicious being!

There really was a great vicious existence!

Furthermore!

He was still alive!

“Exactly what caused me to become so arrogant? To actually dare to come to this damned place and find such an enemy?”

Qin Luo Sheng was on the verge of tears as his mentality exploded. "What the f*ck was I thinking at that time? Was my brain fried?"

It was too terrifying!

It was really too scary!

Even if he had not seen it yet, Qin Sheng was already trembling in fear from the aftershock that it emitted. It was difficult for him to muster up the courage to resist!

One had to understand that this exceptional great vicious being was still sealed!

After such a long time, even metal should have decayed, but he was still alive under the seal.

Terrifying!

It was simply unimaginable!

Other than the legendary demons, gods, and devils, what other living beings had such an immortal-like life?

Qin Luo was just an ordinary person. How could he stand against such an existence?

“Tens of thousands of years have passed, someone finally stepped foot here!”

Just as Qin Luo was about to give up and look for a way to leave, suddenly, an aged and quiet voice rang out. It was like a thunderclap, blasting him until he was dizzy and his body stiffened as if he had been immobilized.

This scene!

At this moment!

Qin Sheng could not think of anyone else besides the unknown being sealed in the coffin.

"Is the seal going to be broken?"

Qin Luo choked speechlessly. "Just how many lifetimes of bad luck have I suffered???? All these lousy things!—Ah ah ah, I hope the outcome isn't too bad! The High Priest that scammed my father, no matter how much he tried to defend himself, he still fell into his trap."

"F*ck, I don't believe you. You lured me into this trap and said there was no punishment. F*ck, this is an unknown existence from the ancient era. It's inevitable that it has a special ability! If I get hit, I might die. It might not be as simple as dropping a level. It might even be worse than the punishment of [Exterminate the Evil Demons]. I can't do it again. I'll just delete my account. I won't even be able to keep the ID 'Weeping Soul'!"

I was wronged!

Was it too late to commit suicide now?

No one answered Qin Sheng's question, nor did he have the time to think about it. Because the great danger had broken the seal!

Bang!

With a loud bang, the lid of the stone coffin, which had been sealed tightly by countless spiritual runes, was suddenly sent flying. The violent force sent the lid of the stone coffin, which weighed at least 500 kilograms, flying for more than 20 meters before piercing into the dome!

Crash…

Before Qin Luo, who had yet to recover from his stupor, could hear the rattling of his chains. It was as if something had pulled him back and he was in the midst of a wrestling match.

Pa da!

Pa da!

Pa da!

In a few seconds, the giant chains that were as thick as Qin Luo's body were completely broken. They smashed heavily on the ground, creating deep craters. The earth shook and dust covered the ground.

“It seems like those fellows’descendants are quite arrogant, thinking that this king died, actually daring to forget the ancestral teachings, collecting living sacrifices full of resentment into the Town Sealing Pearl, using endless blood and vengeful spirits to support me, reviving me, freeing me!”

The ancient voice spoke again. "The seal that has been sealed for tens of thousands of years has finally been broken today. Endless hatred, boundless hatred, and torrential blood will finally be cleansed with the blood of billions of living beings."

"Every injustice has its perpetrator, every debt has its debtor. If you want revenge, no one will object, but please don't implicate the innocent."

Upon hearing these words, Qin Sheng mustered his courage out of nowhere and rebutted, "Aren't you afraid of being sealed up again?"

"Oh, interesting!"

He looked over at Qin Sheng's direction and said with interest, "Are you the reinforcement that the descendants of those guys invited?—Truly, a tiger that has fallen into the plains is being bullied by dogs. Now, even an ant like you dares to boast about sealing this king?"

"An ant?" Qin Luo Sheng squinted his eyes. Even though he could not see his enemy's face clearly in the endless dust and could not see the disdain and contempt on his face, the tone of his voice made him very unhappy. "Perhaps so, but so what? With a loser like you who has been sealed for countless years, you might even be inferior to an ant like me!"

“Really?”

His extremely arrogant speech made him pause for a moment. The next second, when the strong wind sounded and Qin Sheng felt his blood run cold, his voice came again, cold and indifferent. He was less than a meter away from Qin Sheng. "I want to see what kind of scene an ant that has never appeared in the ancient era when there were so many gods and devils!"