Chapter 115: Mysterious Voice, Power Of Origin Stones (1)

"Brat, are you trying to anger This King?" He said, "What a clumsy plan!"

"Is that so?" Qin Luo chuckled. "A clumsy strategy is also a stratagem. In my opinion, you quite like it.—Tsk tsk, don't mess up your footsteps. Hey, hey, to the left, I'm attacking the left, you should go to the right. What's with going to the left, are you trying to scam me?"

"Shut up!" He was furious!

"Hey, hey, don't be angry!" Qin Luo narrowed his eyes. "Didn't you just say that my method was very clumsy? Why did it break in less than two seconds? Don't slap yourself in the face like that! It'll make my impression of you lower."

"Just think about how carefree and noble you were when you stood aloof from the world and looked down on the world. Even though our races are different and we are enemies, it still doesn't affect your position in my heart."

“Aside from the other factors, I personally admire and look forward to you. Just based on your unyielding character and the fact that you’ve been sealed for tens of thousands of years and are still as aloof as ever, I truly admire you.”

"But now, your image in my heart has been completely destroyed, you bastard!"

“For you to be so easily angered means that your cultivation isn’t great. Even though you know that I’m provoking you, you still fell for it. This is truly unbelievable.”

"— Could it be that your kingly demeanor is all fake? Are you a brainless brute? No way! No way!"

"…"

"I say, weren't you bragging just now? Looking at your attitude, I really don't believe that you said you swallowed billions of human ancestors!"

Qin Qin Sheng continued to speak in a strange tone, "You made it up, didn't you? Right? Right? Tsk, there are no outsiders here now, so just tell me. I swear by the heavens that I'll keep this a secret. If I tell a third person, I'll die a horrible death."

【删除】

"Sigh! It's understandable that you didn't say anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "Who can tell others about this sort of thing? It's a dark history! Not to mention telling others about it, even if I were to review it myself, I'd be so embarrassed that I'd want to die, right?"

"I understand!"

"What about when I wasn't even in secondary two? I've had one too!"

"At that time, I always thought that my child of destiny, the center of the world, the main character of the world, and everything else revolved around me. I always had all kinds of fantasies and all kinds of awesome big words that came out of my mouth when I opened my mouth. It was just like you saying 'I once swallowed billions of humans', full of vigor. I thought that your words back then must have gained quite a bit of insight, right? En, posturing is really quite addictive."

He:???

"Don't be so fierce!"

Qin Luo Sheng pursed his lips and turned a blind eye to his murderous gaze. "There are only the two of us now, and there are no outsiders here. What are you afraid of? If you feel embarrassed, I can tell you about my dark history. Wouldn't we be even then?"

“Ah… that was a bright morning. I was riding my bike…”

Buzz…

Just as Qin Luo was about to continue attacking his heart and disgust him, an indescribably violent energy surged suddenly, causing him to immediately shut his mouth and concentrate.

"Kid, congratulations, you have successfully angered This King!"

A faint green light had unknowingly appeared on the surface of his body. The thin light curtain was almost transparent, but it was filled with a majestic energy that made Qin Sheng tremble in fear.

"Your dirty soul really makes This King nauseous!"

He reached out his hand, and the green light curtain flowed rapidly, forming a high-speed spinning energy ball in his palm, emitting destructive power. "So, This King has changed his mind. I'd better turn you into ashes and scatter your soul!"

"Is this an ancient expert?"

Qin Sheng was fearless in the face of the Indestructible Battle Intent. Even though he was facing an attack that could turn him into dust, his battle intent did not diminish as he looked at him. He was so excited that his body was trembling. "As expected, gods and devils are far from an existence that I can understand. Even though I've been sealed for so long, my strength is probably not even a fraction of what it used to be. Just a casual technique can make me feel like I'm facing the heaven and earth. Too strong, really too strong!"

"Die!"

He was furious!

He had lost his rationality!

This was not the attitude that a Godfiend should have!

It seemed like!

Just now when he transformed into an Onmyoji, his sarcasm had affected his spirit greatly!

Tsk tsk!

Isn't this too lousy?

Was this the so-called Ancient Devil, a peerless vicious monster?

Such a rotten mentality was really a negative image!

He couldn't even tolerate such sarcasm?

If he were to enter the Zuan stage, wouldn't his mental state explode at any moment? Even if he had a hundred parents, they probably wouldn't last a night. They would all die!

Boom…

The ground shook!

The energy ball containing the power of destruction erupted instantly. Even in this extremely sturdy sealed land, it still displayed terrifying destructive power. The originally flat terrain became bumpy and full of rocks of all sizes.

“What a terrifying attack!”

As soon as the dust settled, Qin Sheng, who had been reduced to ashes in his eyes, suddenly flew out from his shadow and slashed heavily at the top of his head. "I was almost insta-killed by you!"

"You… How is that possible!"

He was very surprised!

Although this move could not be considered his ultimate move, it was still ranked among the moves that he possessed. Countless demons and gods had died in this move. Even if its power was incomplete and its strength was less than one in a hundred, it should be more than enough to deal with a mere human ant!

However!

What was going on?

He was unharmed?

"What ability did you use?"

What ability?

Qin Qin glanced at the skill column—

[Shadow Escape] LV1, 0 / 5000, Effect (1) consumes 500 Mana, transforms into a shadow, and teleports anywhere within a 5-meter radius! Cooldown: 3 minutes! Effect (2) consumes 1000 Mana. Within a 3-meter radius, one can escape into the shadow of the enemy, immune to all physical and magical damage. Lasts up to 5 seconds, Cooldown: 10 minutes!

The ability to escape into shadows and avoid damage!

"Shadow Escape, effect 1!"

After successfully launching a sneak attack, Qin Luo Sheng did not linger in battle. Following the second ability of Shadow Escape, he quickly activated the first ability of Shadow Escape and quickly retreated!

"It's impolite not to reciprocate. Since you're treating me so warmly, I should reciprocate!"

Qin Luo took out the Water Vein Spirit Pearl and activated the water element without hesitation. "Water Vein Shock!"

Crash…

Boundless water surged out, transforming into raging waves that swept towards him.

Under the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the dense water element formed a whirlpool with powerful water pressure, enveloping the entire burial ground.

Ze Country!

Form!