Chapter 113: Fight!

"F*ck!"

The sudden voice from behind made Qin Luo's body stiffen instantly as cold sweat poured down his back.

"Didn't you say that this guy has been sealed for a long time and is extremely weak?"

Qin Luo Sheng's throat moved fiercely as he cursed in his heart, "That old fox High Priest, he f*cking tricked me again! Didn't he just take a stone passed down from your ancestors? At the very least, I risked my life to help you exterminate the evil demons, right? What a great contribution, to actually treat me like this. Not only did he not try to persuade me when he saw me jumping into the fire pit, he even gave me a push!"

"Why? Why aren't you moving?" His voice came again. "Are you the same as those arrogant people? Your abilities are mediocre, but your tone is more arrogant than the other. You claim to be extraordinary, your heart is higher than the sky, and your life is thinner than paper. You always live in your own dreams and don't know the immensity of heaven and earth. You don't know that there are mountains beyond mountains. You're like an ant, but you always want to shake trees!"

A merciless round of ridicule was practically trampling Qin Sheng's dignity beneath his feet. However, Qin Sheng could only smile bitterly and not feel the slightest bit of anger in his heart!

Why?

What he said was the truth!

If one's skills were inferior to another, what was the point of fighting with one's mouth?

He could not compare to her!

He had to stand up straight for the beating!

"Stop using psychological tactics!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was solemn as he said seriously, "If you want to fight, then fight. What's the point of talking so much nonsense?"

If this were to continue, Qin Sheng would be torturing him. He did not intend to waste his breath on him and was going to do it!

Whether he lived or died was destined!

If "He" was strong, it would be death if "He" could not win. There was no difference whether "He" died early or late. It was better to be freed earlier!

If he was bluffing, BB was only stalling for time. He had to do it earlier. The longer he delayed, the worse it would be!

"I don't know if it's because you've been sealed for too long and too lonely. Now that you've broken the seal, do you want to talk to someone or do you have other plans?"

Qin Sheng whipped out the Coiling Dragon Water and Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier and looked back at him. "However, I don't intend to give up just like that and let you do whatever you want."

"Perhaps I am what you call an ant who overestimates his abilities and wants to shake a tree. You can laugh at me, but I will not waver!"

"Ants? Ants? In my eyes, they are pitifully weak! And in your eyes, I should be the same, pitifully weak. But… so what?"

“Perhaps the Primordial Era was your world. The gods and devils ruled over the world. We humans are ants in your eyes, lowly and weak.”

"However!"

"Times have changed, my lord! Now, we humans stand at the peak of the world. You are like the sunset yesterday. The sunset has already passed!"

"Even if I can't defeat you, the human race is full of talents and experts. If I can seal you once, I can seal you a second time, a third time, or even kill you directly!"

"You haven't thought about it, have you? The weak race that once viewed them as ants have now become the rulers of the world after your Godfiends, right? It's precisely because we have the heart to 'like ants trying to shake a tree' that we have this dream, this ambition, and we are willing to work hard and do everything for it. Ultimately, we have achieved what you think is completely unrealistic."

As the dust dispersed and accompanied Qin Sheng's words, he revealed his true appearance!

A rather handsome man with sharp brows and starry eyes stood tall and straight. Unfortunately, even though he seemed refined, his entire body emitted a cold and evil aura, and it destroyed this beauty and caused one to feel sorrowful!

"Interesting argument!"

He was stunned for a moment, as if he had been stunned by Qin Sheng's words. He was stunned for a few seconds before he came back to his senses and said with a sigh, "Yes, humans are indeed incredible."

"In the past, they were merely livestock reared by the gods, devils, and demons. They were the source of the gods' faith, the source of the devils' nourishment, and the food in the mouths of the demons. If they had not deliberately preserved them, they would have been exterminated countless times."

"Who would have thought that after so many years, the world would change. The gods and devils would leave the stage, the demons would fall, and the ant-like humans would soar into the sky, becoming the protagonist of the world, the supreme being of all spirits. The Heavenly Dao is truly unpredictable!"

Qin Luo was silent!

“But so what?”

He said coldly, "This King never believed in fate. It was like this in the ancient era, and it is still the same now. This King once swallowed more than billions of humans. What can the heavens do to me?"

“At that time, if it weren’t for the great war between the three races, how could the human race have risen to prominence? Unfortunately, after that battle, I was too heavily injured, and only then did you humans take advantage of me. You plotted against me and sealed me in this damned place for tens of thousands of years. This hatred and enmity cannot be washed away even with all the water in the world.”

"Then what are you going to do?" Qin Luo asked.

"What should I do?" His killing intent soared. "I will sacrifice the billions of human beings and eat their flesh as my stomach. I will extract their souls and refine them into Dharma treasures. When I return to my peak, I might take pity on you and allow you human beings to live. As pigs and dogs, you will reproduce for me and my descendants. You will be my food for generations to come."

"What high-sounding sentiments!" Qin Luo Sheng's expression was cold to the extreme. He was furious. "Do you really think that you're still from your era? A mere beast spouting nonsense like this is really making people laugh their heads off. If you were half as capable as you say, you wouldn't have been sealed by our human ancestors and laid in a coffin for tens of thousands of years like a puppet."

"Whether it's true or not, we'll know once we try!" He said, "Today, I'll use you as a sacrifice to the saber and announce to the world that This King has returned!"

"Hmph!" Qin Sheng's anger had already been completely ignited. The fear from earlier had long dissipated completely. He raised both swords and snorted coldly. "It's still unknown who will win!"

Probing skill!

[???]

Basic Attributes: Strength 10, Constitution 10, Agility 10, Spirit 10

Life Stage: Peak of Epic

Magic Power Level: Peak of Epic

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

‘ What do you mean?’

Dog System,

MOLLIE. Do you hear me?

Damn!

What the hell was this?

It was fine if his name was unknown, but he had no interest in knowing who he was!

However!

Isn't this f*cking attribute too ridiculous?

All 10 points?

I am a Shadow Warrior with four basic attributes. My Strength is close to 400. Look at the evaluation. None of the four-dimensional attributes exceed 4 points!

And Him!

All four dimensions are 10 points. Are you serious?

Not only that!

The Snake Girl at the previous level was only at the peak of Gold. Her physique was like an old bull. After he activated [Backwater Battle], his status increased, and he slashed for seven to eight minutes without being able to kill her.

What was wrong with this B?

He jumped a major level with a single jump, directly charging from the peak of Gold to the peak of Epic?

Hur!

He even dared to release such difficulty?

Is pure heart making things difficult for others?

Was this an existence that players could deal with?

Swoosh…

Qin Luo Sheng's mind was shaken. He cursed madly and racked his brains to scold the dog system. However, it was useless. He had already made his move. His body flew over like a duckweed floating in the air. His jade-like hand was like a peerless sword, so resplendent that no one dared to look straight at it!

"Fight!"