Chapter 120: Uproar, Shocking Reward (2)

"Are you finally leaving?"

After leaving the temple, Qin Sheng ran all the way to the village chief, Old Wang. After chatting with him for a while, he expressed his intention to go to Star Brilliance City. He could not help but sigh. "These days, I've already sent quite a number of warriors out of the village. Thinking back to when you guys just arrived, it was only a few days. But now, things are the same but people have changed. It seems like a long time has passed."

Qin Luo was silent!

Not only Village Chief, he was the same!

He only had a few days!

However, he wasn't the only one. Every player had experienced more exciting and fulfilling days than he had in the past.

Everyone had their own plots, especially the Chinese who paid attention to returning to their roots!

Newbie Village was the birthplace of every player. It was the second hometown, and it had a special meaning.

However!

It was time to leave!

In this world, they were all young eagles. When they should spread their wings and soar, they should fly with all their might without any hesitation. They should search for a wider world and broaden their horizons. They should dive into this magnificent and grand era. They didn't seek to leave their names in history, but they wanted to live a carefree life and live up to their years.

"Thank you!"

Wang Damin said, "Thank you for everything you did for the village. Thank you for saving the people. Thank you for finding the people!"

"It's my duty!" Qin Luo waved his hand and smiled.

"Then I won't say anything more!" Wang Damin also smiled and said, "Have a safe trip!"

The white light gradually swallowed Qin Sheng!

At the next moment, his field of vision changed!

The paradise-like village had disappeared, and in its place was a tall and grand unfamiliar city filled with noise and liveliness!

Ding… congratulations on completing the triggering hidden mission. Friendship with old man Wang + 10,000. Relationship raised to life and death! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining old man Wang's gift: Inheritance Pearl * 1, Bin Iron Hammer * 1, Blueprint * 10! '

Ding… congratulations on entering Star Glory City and officially starting your adventure. Reputation + 100! '

Qin Sheng, who hadn't had the time to take a good look at the city, was stunned on the spot when he heard the three system prompts.

"Old Wang!"

Looking at the side of the NPC in his friends list, the words "Friends of Life and Death" were labeled at the back of Old Wang's column. Qin Sheng's expression was rather complicated.

He did not expect that he, who was a loser, did not have many friends in the real world. In this virtual world, he actually gained the absolute trust of an NPC who was willing to sacrifice his life for him!

"I won't let you down!"

Qin Sheng could deceive anyone but himself. He knew very well that he was guilty of receiving such feelings.

Perhaps, he was serious about retrieving Wang Xiaomin's corpse. He had a clear conscience!

However—

Later on, he saved Wang Damin and exterminated the sinister devils. Most of it was for himself, for the mission, and for the reward!

Him!

He really could not live up to Old Wang's heavy trust and effort!

However!

Even if he could not afford it now, it did not mean that it would be the same in the future!

If you have such intentions, I will definitely not let you down!

…

Qin Sheng stood where he was and sighed emotionally for a long time before he finally came back to his senses!

He scanned his surroundings!

A big city was a big city. It was much more lively than a newbie village.

Not only were there various NPCs coming and going, but there were also many players!

Of course!

These players were not from beginner village 6666!

According to the ten thousand novice villages in the Huaxia warzone, each novice village would have one billion players!

When these one billion players walked out of the Beginner's Village, they would be assigned to one of the nine main cities closest to the village. In other words, each main city would accommodate at least one hundred million players.

At this stage of the game, players were still crawling around the beginner's village, trying their best to accumulate experience and advance to level 10. They wanted to leave the small pond in the beginner's village and enter the vast ocean of opportunities in the city. However, that was only the vast majority, not all!

Ever since Yatu led the way and became the first player to enter the city, in a short period of time, players who had leveled up to Level 10 popped up like bamboo shoots after the rain!

In just one day, at least a million players from all over the world entered the city. They were one step ahead and became pioneers, pulling away from ordinary players.

It was normal for there to be so many players in Star Glory City!

"It's almost time to go offline and rest!"

Qin Sheng found a remote corner and prepared to go offline after evacuating from the busy city main road.

He was in good spirits now, and he still had about an hour to play the game. He could play and explore Star Glory City. However, things were different now. He could not act recklessly, because he had Nan Nan!

Since he had obtained Nan Nan’s custody, as her father’s “brother” and her“ stepfather”, he had to take responsibility.

She was just a young lady who had just lost her parents. In Shanghai, a place that was unfamiliar to everyone, he was the only one who could rely on her. How could his heart not ache?

Even though he was a child who had just turned eighteen and did not have any experience in this area, he should at least take care of the basic necessities, right?

Forget it!

Going offline to cook, uh, order takeout!

He would feel guilty if he starved the little angel!

Looking at the time, it was five minutes to 18!

It was time for dinner!

Hmm!

Wait!

Five minutes wasn't too long, right?

"Take a look at the rewards before logging off?"

Qin Luo's heart was truly itching.

In the real battlefield, not a single hair was broken. This made him feel extremely uncomfortable.

Initially, he had wanted to make use of this to make the down payment for the house into a full payment for the house. Unfortunately, his wish was too beautiful, and reality was cruel.

Now!

It wasn't easy for Old Man Wang to give out red packets. If he didn't take a look, he would feel uneasy!

[Inheritance Bead]

Type: Special item

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: Item that seals the inherited memories. After activating it, the inherited memories inside can be obtained.

Legacy memory?

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat stunned.

Previously, he had heard of Old Wang's Wang family, Wu Lin's Wu family, and the High Priest's family. Their ancestors were close friends, and they even agreed to come to Novice Village 6666 to live in seclusion.

The Wu family was a family of alchemists who inherited alchemy!

The High Priest’s family was a battle clan, and the Shadow Warrior was his ancestor’s profession!

As for the Wang family, they did not know!

However, those who were on the same level as the ancestors of the Wu Clan and the High Priest were definitely not ordinary people!

His succession was surely extraordinary!

Qin Sheng crushed the Pearl of Inheritance without hesitation. In an instant, white light entered his brain and a large amount of unfamiliar memories suddenly appeared in his mind!

Ding… congratulations on digesting the Inheritance Pearl. Your subclass has been activated. You have received the subclass [Weapon Refinement]. Your weapon refinement skill has been upgraded to a high level! '

"A family of refiners?"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his eyes and sighed softly. "Truly remarkable skills. The wisdom of the ancient sages cannot be underestimated!"

[Steel Hammer]

Type: Heavy Hammer

Grade: Epic

Requirement: 500 Strength

Effect: Refining success rate + 30%, optimization rate + 10%, quality goods + 10%

Additional Skill: [Steel Heavy Hammer] continuously hammered the embryo, making the shape of the embryo even more perfect. Under the weight of the hammer, the interior of the weapon would become even more compact. The sharpness of the weapon refined would increase, and the wear and tear rate would decrease. There was a certain chance of increasing the final product's attributes by 10% to 30%!

Introduction: A heavy hammer forged from wrought iron. It was once owned by a divine craftsman of a generation. It is stained with a trace of spirituality. If used properly, it can greatly increase the success rate of refining weapons and increase the ability.