Chapter 127: Medal Of Courage

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Under the familiar system voice, Qin Sheng entered the game again.

"It's only been a day, but so many players have entered Star Glory City?"

Standing under the eaves of a corner house, Qin Luo watched the comings and goings of the street that was at least twice as popular as yesterday and could not help but sigh.

"What should we do next?"

As soon as he entered the city, Qin Sheng was a little lost. He did not have a clear goal like he did in the beginner's village. With a mission, he did not know what to do for a moment.

"Shall we find the City Lord first?"

Qin Qin Sheng recalled the introduction letter the High Priest had given him before he left and was somewhat moved.

Visiting the City Lord to cozy up to him was not something that could be delayed. Furthermore, he had dealt with Jiu Ying from the Zombie Suppression Ground. With such a huge contribution, the reward was still with the City Lord. How could he not take it?

“Then let’s go find the city lord first. It’s just as well. I’ll probably be able to get some information. As the city lord of Star Glory City, the biggest local tyrant, I should be able to dig something out of his mouth, right?”

Having made up his mind, Qin Luo Sheng did not waste any time and immediately set off. As he walked, he began to fantasize. "I've gained 10,000 military merits from exterminating the sinister devils. In addition, I've also obtained the credit for settling the burial ground. This should be enough for the City Lord to take a good look at me, right? When the time comes, I'll have to coax him well. If he's happy and something leaks out from his fingernails, it'll probably be enough for me to eat and drink to my heart's content!"

"Hey, look, is that Weeping Soul Beast?"

"It looks a little like him. Yes, that's right, it's him! I've watched those five videos fifty times. It's so f*cking exciting. I can recognize him even if he turns into ashes!"

"Is this the number one person in the world? Tsk tsk, I don't see any difference!! Isn't he just like us, with one mouth and two eyes?"

"Don't be jealous! It's only right for him to have such results. If he can't do it himself, don't think that others can't too! What were we doing when we were Level 3? We were still forming groups to keep ourselves warm and fighting with other teams for the Bull's Kill. Weeping Soul Beast went alone to fight a Level 5 Bronze Boss. We can't compare, we can't compare!"

"Sigh, I'm so envious. The reward for clearing the Abyss Mode is too explosive. 2,000 points of Double Blood Demon, plus + 50 points of the four basic attributes. Damn, he instantly became Superman! It's a pity that our team doesn't have the ability to do so. We cleared the Difficult Mode earlier and left!"

"Don't even think about it. We can barely be considered as high-level players. We can't even compare to the elite members of the big guilds. Without money to buy equipment and potions, even Nightmare Mode is difficult. Don't talk about the Abyss. How can a human survive in the Abyss?"

"That's right, the system is really ruthless! The Abyss Mode is actually the real mode. Oh my god, it's too terrifying! I almost peed my pants just by looking at Snake Girl through the screen. God knows what the heck Weeping Soul is. Not only is this monster not afraid, it even killed her with a raise of its hand. That decapitation strike was really cool. I was wet on the spot!"

"…"

Am I famous now?

Qin Luo Sheng could feel the surrounding gazes that were either hidden or fixed on him. He felt a little scared and proud.

Damn it!

After suffering, good comes!

After being scolded like a second grandson for so long, he had finally cleared his name!

However!

Wasn't this a little too eye-catching?

"Big brother, are you a Weeping Soul Beast?"

"Brother, do you want to join the Berserk Tiger Gang? The benefits are very good. Ten thousand yuan per month, insurance, and gold. Work for ten hours. You can arrange the time. The position of deputy leader and a girl!"

"Little brother, little brother, look at me, look at me. Can I be your girlfriend? My lolita voice!"

"Get lost from the airport, who are you trying to disgust with your coyness? Handsome, what do you think of me? I have fair skin and beautiful long legs. I'm considerate and not clingy. I can deliver myself to your door!"

"Boss, do you want me to be your underling? The Twelve Tigers of Long Street are extremely righteous. We are willing to join you as your underlings!"

"…"

Shit?

Are you all shameless?

Qin Qin Sheng had originally thought that it would only appear in novels and television dramas, but he had unexpectedly encountered it today.

Could this be the legendary domineering aura? Once it was released, the underlings and women would come automatically?

RBQ! RBQ!

"Spirited Snake Step!"

Qin Luo activated his speed enhancement skill, twisting like a snake as he disappeared into the crowd. Ignoring the large group of people chasing after him, he gave it his all and soon shook them off.

He went straight into the provision store and did not even look at the list of items for sale. He found a return scroll from Star Glory City, bought two, put them in his backpack, and touched a map of Star Glory City. He quickly paid and retreated!

"What a persistent ghost!"

When he went out and saw a group of people who were persistent, Qin Sheng's face turned green. He immediately ran away and barged into the tailor's shop.

"Ding, due to your charm value MAX, the favorability of the tailor, Aunt Zhang, towards you has increased by 500. Relationship has been raised to heart!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the system's routine prompt when he saw the new NPC. He said anxiously, "Auntie, quick, give me the cheapest fashion and a mask!"

"Alright!"

Aunt Zhang handed over a set of green cloth robes with a smile. It was an ordinary cloth mask. Her dexterity made Qin Sheng gasp in amazement. If Aunt Zhang had not also swiftly taken away 21 gold coins from his body, he would have been even more grateful.

"Return to the city!"

Seeing that there were already people outside the door blocking his way, Qin Luo Sheng put on his new outfit without hesitation, put on his cloth mask and crushed the return scroll.

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng, who had changed his appearance, appeared at the resurrection point of Star Glory City!

The unique spiritual cape, the unique spiritual light ribbon, and a set of Jungle Book had all disappeared. Replacing them was a long green robe. Coupled with his tall and slender figure, he really looked like an ancient scholar.

The familiar equipment style of the world was gone, and the face of the "Weeping Soul" character was covered by a mask. He was finally safe!

Pushing through the crowd, Qin Sheng brushed past countless players who were walking hurriedly. There was no more commotion, and he heaved a sigh of relief.

Even though his heart ached for the 21 gold coins, it was worth it to spend so little money without being harassed.

"Let's continue!"

Looking at the gold coins in his backpack that had reached the digits again, Qin Sheng let out a long sigh and collected his complicated feelings. Then, he ran towards the mayor's residence according to the map.

"Eh, this medal?"

Qin Sheng, who was packing his backpack as he ran, suddenly discovered a shining medal with a special shape. After thinking for a while, he remembered that after clearing the trial grounds, apart from attribute rewards and reputation rewards, there was also a special reward—a medal.

[Medal of Courage]

Category: Medal

Grade: None

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 100, Luck + 5

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Courage] 's heart is as hard as iron, and its courage is as hard as steel. The brave will be benevolent and fearless. After wearing it, it will ignore all pressure and be immune to all negative mental effects!

Additional Skill: [Heart of Courage] has been depleted. After activation, all attributes will increase by 50%. Duration: 1 minute. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Additional Skill: [Light of the Brave] is used up. After activating it, infuse the Light of the Brave into the chosen equipment or skill and unleash double the effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: The Medal of Courage. Its origin is unknown. It is said to be formed from the faith of the four Bravehearts who once guarded the Goddess of Fate. Only fearless and open-minded gentlemen can be recognized. It has extraordinary effects and heaven-defying power.