Chapter 121: Chicken With A Golden Egg

Holy shit!

Good stuff!

Qin Sheng drooled as he looked at the attributes and abilities of the metal hammer!

Damn it!

This thing, combined with advanced refining techniques and 10 high-value blueprints, as long as the raw materials were prepared, wouldn't it be able to produce equipment endlessly??

This reward was amazing!

It was rare for the system to be so generous. Was this compensation for not dropping equipment in the real battlefield?

Alright!

Father has forgiven you!

"As the saying goes, it is better to have a skill than to have a thousand gold in one's hands! Even if I don't take risks in the future, just relying on this advanced refining technique and 10 blueprints will be enough for me to eat for the rest of my life!"

Looking at Qin Luo's advanced weapon refinement technique, he could not help but recall the complaints of countless gamers who specialized in sub-occupations on the forums and Tieba and laughed.

What did it take to upgrade a sub-occupation to a high-level one?

If there was no Strange Encounter, if he did not cheat, he would need at least two months to accumulate proficiency based on ten hours a day!

Just this amount of time was already scary enough, but this was not the hardest part. The hardest part was money!

Not to mention normal players, even big guilds like the Elegance Room and Thunder Guild could only specially nurture one or two of them.

Why?

In the early stages of the game, players were too weak. The formulas and blueprints that they needed were very difficult to find. They could only be extorted from NPCs and spend a huge sum to buy rubbish blueprints.

In addition, there were too few materials, especially the locations of certain main materials. They were either guarded by powerful monsters or dangerous places. Players could not reach them and could only purchase them from the System Shop at a high price, indirectly earning another sum!

Furthermore!

More importantly, the competition was too intense!

Even though investing in subclasses in the early stages of the game was basically burning money, and the gains did not make up for the losses, those large forces had no choice but to do so.

Blacksmiths, Apothecaries, tailors, woodworking, and other secondary jobs did not reveal themselves in the early stages of the game. They were like trash. However, in the later stages of the game, they played a significant role. If you did not follow, you would fall behind and be gradually surpassed by the enemy.

So!

Even if he knew that he was burning money, he had to brace himself and charge!

However!

Some things could not be solved with money.

The materials produced by the system were limited. As for the limited materials, countless factions were fighting over them, causing the supply and demand relationship to be severely imbalanced. Naturally, the price would rise steadily.

Because of this, the bosses were able to provide for many people.

In reality, many people would quit their jobs to become professional players and devote themselves to the world of destiny.

Not good at fighting? No worries. Spending a little money to learn sub-occupation skills, specializing in gathering herbs and mining ores, as long as your luck wasn't too bad, you could earn a sum. It was much better than working.

‘ What?’

Boring and boring?

Isn't work boring?

At least in this virtual world, you could experience different styles and see beautiful scenery. Wouldn't that be better than being a social animal?

"Alright, let's stop here!"

Qin Luo clapped his hands and threw the metal hammer into his backpack. "Come back tomorrow to study this chicken that can only lay golden eggs ~ ~"

…

In the real world!

“Well, what’s this?”

Qin Sheng's consciousness returned. He had yet to open his eyes when he suddenly realized that something was amiss.

"This…"

Feeling the delicate body in his arms that was as warm as soft jade, and the unique fragrance that continuously wafted into his nose, even the slowest Qin Sheng knew what had happened.

"F*ck!"

He opened his eyes!

Indeed!

Qin Luo Sheng saw Nan Nan who was curled up beside him at a glance. She was hugging her arms, her little head resting on her chest as she fell asleep.

Perhaps she had dreamed of something good. A smile hung on her lips and two shallow dimples appeared on her cheeks. She was even drooling, soaking his clothes.

"This little guy!"

Qin Qin Sheng felt like he was about to explode!

Eh?

Was she not treating him as a man?

"I'm her father, I'm her father, I'm her father!"

A wave of crazy self-hypnosis!

Finally!

Qin Luo's desire vanished!

"This won't do. If this goes on, sooner or later, I'll either become a beast or explode on the spot. I'm going crazy from holding it in!"

Qin Sheng gently moved Nan Nan off his body and tiptoed out of the room. He then rushed into the bathroom and turned on the water as much as he could. Large amounts of cool and cold water poured down, finally extinguishing the flames in his heart.

Usually, it only took five minutes to cool down. This time, Qin Sheng took three times as long!

"That brother of mine doesn't look like anything special. Sister-in-law is also average. At most, she's a pretty girl from a humble family. Why is their daughter so monstrous? Her looks are too good, aren't they? Even in the entire world, it's hard to find anyone who can match her!"

Qin Sheng, who was sitting in the living room and drying his hair with a towel, could not figure it out no matter how hard he thought about it. Based on genetics, genetics, what he had learned and what he had learned, all of them combined made him feel somewhat incredulous.

"Forget it, why bother so much!"

Qin Luo Sheng was only puzzled and did not probe further. He did not think too much and soon forgot about it. He opened the door quietly and took a glance at Nan Nan who was still in deep sleep. He hesitated for a moment but did not wake her up.

After closing the door, he skillfully took out his cell phone, unlocked it with his fingerprint, and entered the takeaway app. His fingers glided up and down, looking for the type he liked from the sea of delicacies!

"It's not good to eat too much at night and not too greasy!"

After thinking for a while, Qin Luo Sheng opened a Sichuan restaurant without hesitation. He ordered boiled beef, Twice Cooked Pork, Spicy Chicken, roasted pork ribs with pepper, steamed egg with hibiscus, and boiled vegetable cores. Then, he ordered a cucumber egg soup and five servings of rice.

OJBK!

Done!

After the meal was' done ', Qin Luo Sheng put down his phone and took out the extra bedding from the wardrobe before entering another room.

"Luckily, I took a fancy to this set when I was renting the house. If I had been a little stingy back then and had chosen another set of one-bedroom apartments, I would have had to move and find another set!"

After making the bed, Qin Sheng adjusted the air conditioning and heaved a sigh of relief when he found nothing unusual.

It was not good for a man and a woman to be in the same room!

Even though they were father and daughter in name, they were not related by blood. The most important thing was that he was only 18 years old. He was in his prime. Nan Nan was only 13 years old. She was still underage. He did not want to make a mistake and be taken away by Uncle JC. Some things should be avoided.

"Is it a little slow?"

After tidying up the room, Qin Luo returned to the living room and sat on the sofa. When he saw the message sent by the takeaway app, he could not help but mutter.

This was pretty good!

Although the side dishes had been prepared long ago, it still took time to cook them. If the dishes were served slowly, it would mean that they were all freshly stir-fried and could be eaten to warm up.

"Let's take a look at the forums!"

While he was free, Qin Sheng took over the wide-screen tablet and skillfully opened the official website of Fate Dimension. He found the forum column and clicked on it.