Chapter 128: Star Glory City'S City Lord

Holy shit!

Holy shit!

Holy shit!

Qin Luo's scalp tingled!

At this moment, he understood!

Sorry!

Damn system!

Daddy misunderstood you!

Let's search for him!

Who would have thought that the real battlefield did not drop equipment. The reward was not just the permanent attribute reward after clearing the dungeon, but also this!

Too fierce!

This Medal of Courage is invincible!

The four attributes added up to a hundred points, exceeding three digits. According to normal players, they would receive five free attribute points per level. This was f*cking straight to level 80!

Just one piece of equipment was equivalent to a player leveling up 80 levels. If it was exposed, it would definitely cause a storm of blood!

Planner, your curry man is gone!

Apart from the basic stats, there was also Qin Luo Sheng's favorite hidden stats—Luck, and he had added 5 points!

Don't underestimate this number. After clearing the Abyss Mode, it only added 2 Luck points.

Compared to the other four hidden attributes, Luck Points could be said to be the most widely used and most popular among players. Why? Because whether it was combat-type players, support-type players, or even life-type players, Luck Points were extremely useful.

It affected the equipment drop rate, the Critical Hit trigger rate, the chance of Critical Hit, the success rate of forging, mining, and so on… It could be said to be omnipotent.

Qin Luo Sheng was so happy that he was about to faint. The higher the drop rate, the more equipment he would get. Then, his Starlight Miracle would have the greatest effect. It was all money!

The increase in attributes was still acceptable, but it could only make Qin Sheng happy. It belonged to the icing on the cake series!

However!

The characteristics, special effects, and supplementary skills were like wings growing on his ribs, allowing him to fly!

There was no need to mention the characteristics. The ID would bind him forever. From then on, he would never have to worry about losing the Medal of Courage. At least from his knowledge, this thing would follow him forever. No one else would be able to take it away. Even he could not throw it away.

Special Effect—[Courage]!

To be honest, even if there was nothing on the Medal of Courage, the special effect of [Courage] was still priceless!

It could ignore all pressure and was immune to all negative mental effects. What did this mean? It meant that in the future, it would be like fear, intimidation, dizziness, and other hard controls. It would no longer be effective on him. Only small effects such as slowing down, burning, and bleeding could exist.

Thinking back to his previous battle with the Bosses that had hard control, if not for the effect of the [Spiritual Light Cloak] and the lost [Demon Blood Sacrifice], he would not have been able to reach where he was now. He would have been killed many times. This was the benefit of being able to resolve hard control, and it was even enough to change the battle situation!

However…

[Spiritual Light Cloak] had a restriction on the removal of control effects, and it could only take effect once in a short period of time!

[Demon Blood Sacrifice] was strong, but it was immune to all of its effects after activation. Unfortunately, the negative effects were too strong. It was like a double-edged sword, harming the enemy and oneself. Most importantly, it had already been stolen by that damned bastard Old Feng!

Now!

Qin Luo was finally no longer worried about the appearance of the Courage Medal. He had found a perfect replacement, a permanent replacement that did not need to be changed. It was simply too satisfying, alright?!

Grinning from ear to ear, he put on the medal. Instantly, his attributes increased by a lot, especially his Luck points. It directly skipped the double digits and reached 13 points. It was wonderful!

The remaining two supplementary skills were just words. There was nothing much to say.

Heart of Courage, Increase Skill, could only be said to be very strong. It was similar to the four super skills that he did not know how to upgrade—Sky Martial, Sacred Body, Divine Flash, and Spiritual Wisdom. They were all existences that broke the rules.

Increasing all attributes by half, it was really strong to the point where there was nothing to say. Furthermore, the stronger one got, the more valuable it was.

Light of the Brave. This skill's introduction was simple, but it contained great energy. It was comparable to the many heaven-defying abilities that the Lord of the Stars had. It could multiply the equipment and skills by two. It was terrifying.

For example—

Violent Strike dealt 500% damage. Combined with Hero's Light, it dealt 1000% damage. With Critical Hit, it dealt 2000% damage!

With Qin Sheng's current ability, even if it was a Gold-tier Boss, he would be able to withstand this 20-fold attack. In a sense, he was invincible, alright?

"I'm satisfied! I'm satisfied!"

Qin Luo Sheng no longer complained about how stingy the system was. Not to mention sweeping through the trial grounds of the abyss once, even if it happened two or three more times, as long as the reward was a Medal of Courage, he would risk his life to get it!

"Stop, the City Lord's Mansion forbids trespassing. Leave immediately!”

Qin Sheng, who was so excited that he could barely walk, quickly ran to the magnificent and luxurious City Lord Residence. He was just about to enter when the guard who had been standing at the entrance like a statue of a puppet pulled out the large saber from his waist without any hesitation. He pointed it at him from afar and shouted angrily with a murderous aura.

“I was entrusted by the High Priest to pay my respects to the City Lord. This is my introduction letter!”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the cold broadsword that was less than 30 centimeters away from his nose. The corner of his mouth twitched. If he had not known that these two fellows would not really make a move, he would have drawn out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] to fight them.

So what if I'm a guard? If you dare to attack me, I'll resist!

Damn it!

I killed tens of thousands of people in the Beginner's Village. My evil score is as high as tens of thousands. My ID is so red that it's dripping blood. When have I ever been afraid of anyone?

If not for the completion of the hidden mission and solving the threat of the Zombie Suppression Ground, the system's hidden reward would have cleared the evil score to zero. The two of you would probably only be able to kill a hundred people at most. You can't even see me, so how can you still show off?

"Wait here, I'll go report!"

After receiving the letter of introduction and looking at the seal and lines on it, it was not fake. The two guards looked at each other. One of them was still guarding the door, while the other quickly entered and reported!

Qin Qin Sheng did not fuss over it. He took a few steps back and waited at the door.

Not long after, the guard returned, followed by a handsome, refined middle-aged man in a white crescent robe. Qin Sheng did not need to be introduced to know his identity when he saw the words "Star Glory City's City Lord" above his head.

"I didn't expect to meet the Weeping Soul Hero in person. Excuse me for not going out to meet you!"

Talk to people, talk to ghosts, talk to ghosts.

Qin Luo was not good at socializing, but at least he had experienced a lot in the online world. He had never seen a pig run and eat pork before, right?

Needless to say!

He could even feign civility with a thousand-year-old fox like the High Priest. Even if he was at a disadvantage and was being played around, he could at least fight, right? He still had some ability!

The City Lord was all smiles. He looked like a seasoned veteran, and his political abilities were definitely full. Fortunately, there was no need to play any tricks with him. Since it was their first time meeting, they could still handle the formalities.

"You are too kind, City Lord. I am just lucky, I am not worthy of such praise. I am not worthy of the title of hero!"