Chapter 125: Going For Wool And Coming Home Shorn

First question: Is there a cheat or a bug in Fate Dimension?

The second question was: Was there anything unusual about "Weeping Souls"?

Look! Look!

Was there something wrong?

That's right!

These two questions were essentially the same question!

There was no cheat or bug. How could Weeping Souls not be normal?

This second question was simply nonsense!

However!

Ao Lai had asked!

He was alone. Maybe he was being stupid. But the question was what he’d said, through the UN’s consent. Were the beings who stood at the top of the world fools?

Of course not!

Then—

There was only one answer!

On purpose!

That's right, these two overlapping questions were deliberately asked!

Why?

What was the point of doing this?

Of course, it was to pave the way for the third problem, the third real problem, the ultimate move!

He gave it away! He gave it away!

The first two questions had been given away, but the third question was the real one!

This way, the other people would feel that this test was absolutely fair and just. Look, didn't the mainframe reply that 'Weeping Soul' did not cheat or use a bug!

However!

They lied to the entire world!

Saying that "Weeping Soul" did not cheat and did not make use of bugs indirectly meant that "Fate Dimension" did not have any external modifications or bugs, killing two birds with one stone!

Doing so not only ensured the authority and fairness of Fate Dimension, but also appeased the hearts of players all over the world, allowing them to continue playing the game in peace and enter the virtual world. While greatly reducing the pressure on the real world, they could also be reduced to leeks to gather a large amount of wealth for them.

However!

This was not the end!

After ensuring the authority of Fate Dimension, they targeted the uncertain "Weeping Soul". Perhaps in the future, he would become the strongest person in China, the "Weeping Soul" that would block their path. They wanted to publicly execute him here, under the eyes of the entire world, and completely kill him!

As for the truth?

As for fairness?

As for conscience?

Haha!

What are these?

‘ Does it matter?’

Can it be eaten?

Was there any point?

"Indeed, this is the familiar rhythm!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was dark and ugly to the extreme. "I shouldn't have held hope for these beasts who only have money and benefits in their eyes and have no conscience or soul!"

Three questions!

One after another!

First suppress, then raise. Three birds with one stone!

It was really amazing!

Those who played politics were truly sinister and ruthless!

RBQ! RBQ!

"This time, he's probably screwed!"

Qin Luo was filled with despair. "I only hope that it won't implicate too many people!"

He couldn't imagine what kind of terrifying hell he would face once his real information was exposed.

If he was alone, it would not matter. However, the important thing was that he was not alone.

The people on the Internet were very powerful. A single name could investigate all eighteen generations of your ancestors. There was nothing to hide.

Furthermore!

There was a lot of hostility on the Internet. The Internet mobs were not just talking.

In his previous life, he had experienced the baptism of many cyberbullets. In addition, he was not a person from Planet Blue, so his personality and other factors did not matter. He did not care if he was scolded.

However, his previous self was not an orphan. He still had his family and relatives. Moreover, he now had a baby girl. If she was implicated by him, it would be disastrous. It would be difficult to deal with her and she might even lose her life.

Putting aside those radicals and those with ulterior motives, just the Thunderbolt Berserker that he had offended would definitely have a huge amount of power in reality. Killing an ordinary person without any background would be extremely easy.

"It cannot be made public!"

Eh?

Did I hear wrongly?

Just as Qin Luo was preparing to transfer away the money he had earned over the past few days to leave behind some wealth for his former family members, he disappeared for a period of time and hid for as long as he could. Unexpectedly, something that he had been very certain about actually took a turn for the better.

"Could it be that I was just making wild guesses?"

Qin Luo Sheng was pleasantly surprised as he shifted his gaze to the screen on the tablet once more. He stared fixedly at the figure that was still shrouded in mist, his heart surging.

"Mainframe, you may not have heard my question clearly. Let me repeat it again. My question is—can we disclose the real information about Weeping Souls, the game attributes, awakened talent, current equipment, and learned skills?"

Ao Lai's face was a little pale, but he controlled it very well. The color on his face quickly faded, but the smile that had been hanging on his face just now was gone. He was paralyzed and looked like he was dead. "This question was chosen by the Elders of the United Nations. It is the embodiment of the will of everyone in the world. Please consider it seriously!"

“c

m.

msl, ws

d!”

Qin Luo Sheng instantly breathed out a fragrant breath!

On Earth, a certain country's hegemonism ran rampant across the world. He did not expect that the blue planet would be the same!

In front of all the countries and billions of people in the world, he was actually so shameless. The mainframe had already answered the question and clearly rejected it, yet he did not give up and even threatened it.

Hur!

The path is too narrow, little bro!

Did they think that the United States of America was the overlord of the Blue Star?

The mainframe fell silent!

Even an idiot could understand what Aulay was saying. As the greatest invention in human history, how could the mainframe of super artificial intelligence not understand?

"All information regarding the players of Fate Dimension is kept confidential. This is the highest clause in the agreement. No one can go against it or break it. Unless the United Nations votes more than 80%, all information regarding the players' Weeping Souls will not be publicized!"

The mainframe's tone was resolute. He had once again rejected Ao Lai and ignored his threat!

"NICE!"

Qin Luo rose to his feet with a face full of excitement.

Awesome!

How awesome!

With this, there was no need to think about running away. There was no need to worry about losing his life. He could continue to have fun!

"America, right? I, Qin Sheng, will remember this grudge!"

In his previous life, Qin Sheng did not have a good impression of America. Having transmigrated to this parallel world, he did not have a strong sense of belonging and did not have a good impression of America.

But now, it was different!

Since you want to do this to me, then I'm sorry. I'll remember this in my notebook. I'm extremely vengeful. I might not be able to do anything to you now, but I'm not sure about the future. Just wait!

The dominance of the mainframe not only made Qin Sheng extremely grateful, it also garnered the cheers of countless people around the world.

In any world, there were more ordinary people.

In the past, it was one thing for the information to be exposed, but now that the situation was worse, he could only endure it.

Now, even though Fate Dimension was limited to 10 hours a day in the game world, it had gradually become the second spiritual world of humans. People treated it differently.

Although he hated the "Weeping Souls" of China, he was so angry because he thought that he had cheated or used a bug to corrupt the world of destiny that should have been pure land!

Now that the misunderstanding had been cleared, the mainframe had made it clear that it was just a misunderstanding. There was no such thing as a cheat or bug in the world of destiny. That meant that other than some guys who were particularly jealous and had ulterior motives, the anger of the others had subsided and they felt guilty instead. After all, they had netted an innocent person.