Chapter 126: Make A Name

"You, very well. I will pass on this message…"

Ao Lai finally couldn't stand it anymore. His expression changed drastically, and without caring about where he was, he started to spout nonsense. However, before he could finish speaking, a middle-aged man with black hair, black eyes, and yellow skin stood up from below the stage and said angrily, "Ao Lai, don't go overboard. This isn't America. Pay attention to your face. Don't think that we're all clay statues!"

“Hmph!” Aulai choked, feeling a bit angry.

He turned around and looked at the Chinese person-in-charge, Zhao Lijian, who stood up tall and straight like a lion. His heart skipped a beat, and he raised his head to look around the auditorium. He felt countless dissatisfied and disdainful gazes, and his aura instantly deflated. He did not dare to provoke anymore.

"I repeat, unless the United Nations votes more than 80% and abolishes the 'Information Secrecy Law', no one has the right to know the real information of any player!

The mainframe said, "In the future, do not ask such questions again. I will not accept them!"

Ole:…

"Everyone knows about this, and it has affected the entire world. It has caused a huge commotion!"

After these words, the mainframe did not retreat coldly. Instead, he continued with a rather humane tone, "The bottom line cannot be crossed, but I believe that there are still many people who have doubts about this. I will reiterate here that the world of destiny is an extremely free world. Every choice you make will affect your future."

"The reason why 'Weeping Soul' is so strong is not because of external modifications or the so-called bug. It is because of his strength and his outstanding performance time again. He has constantly chosen the right path. That is why he has overcome all obstacles and reached this stage today."

The entire venue fell silent!

The entire world fell silent!

"As this has never happened before, I believe all of you have your doubts. This mainframe has obtained Weeping Soul's approval to release the world announcement of the Boss battle to the official video zone and expose the Uniqueness Hidden Mission that Weeping Soul has completed for us to watch!"

As he spoke, he waved his hand and the celestial palace disappeared. The screen also dimmed, leaving behind a faint voice. "This is the only time. There won't be a next time!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Shit?

Since when did I agree to your request? Why didn't I know about it?

He had a slight headache, but when he thought about how strong the mainframe was just now, Qin Sheng still chose to ignore it. If he overstepped his authority, then so be it. Of course it was to forgive him!

Qin Sheng exited the official broadcast room, which no longer had any meaning. He headed straight for the video section. The authority of the mainframe was indeed different. Five consecutive videos with 0 views were placed at the top!

First video: Challenge the level 5 Bronze Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King at level 3!

Second video: Challenging the Silver Boss Snake Girl in Nightmare Difficulty Level 7!

The third video: The underwater altar, the ancestral land of the Naga Race, the battle with the Gold Boss Naga Queen!

The fourth video: At the entrance of the mine, the battle with the bronze-armored zombie. Coupled with the text, the hidden mission [Investigate the Source of Demonic Qi] was explained in detail, and the mission reward was added: Hidden Job—Shadow Warrior!

The fifth video: It was not the expected battle with the Epic Boss Elder Feng. Instead, it was transferred to the Snake Girl. However, this time, it was the Snake Girl who had just completed the Abyss Mode. The horror of the real battlefield was exposed to all the players in the world for the first time!

Five videos started from zero, and the number of views skyrocketed. In less than half an hour, it soared to 1 billion. It was terrifying.

"Luckily, the mainframe still has some integrity!"

Qin Luo Sheng rewound his adventure from his third perspective. He took a closer look and did not find anything special about it. Other than his combat abilities being exposed, it was fortunate that only the images were exposed. He did not have any equipment, skills or other parameters. It was not easy for others to know about it. They could only spend a lot of time researching and pondering.

"I'm in a good mood today. Do you want to go out for a feast? And crazily sh

Give it a try? "

He glanced at the various comments below the video. Ohmg, Camisang is busy… Qin Luo Sheng expressed that he did not feel anything at all. If you want to brag, just do it. I'll just watch quietly.

They would not come because of your fame at your peak, nor would they turn around and leave because of your fall!

Similarly!

Qin Luo Sheng would not be overjoyed by all kinds of flattery, nor would he be utterly disheartened by all kinds of doubts and insults!

What did it matter to him what others thought?

Live for yourself!

"Nan Nan, I…"

Qin Luo jumped up from the sofa and ran to the door of Nannan's room. He raised his hand and was about to knock on the door, but stopped before he could knock.

"Forget it, she's probably already asleep!"

Qin Sheng covered his forehead helplessly. "It's immoral to disturb others' sleep. I'd better go myself!"

Giving up on calling Nan Nan, Qin Sheng left a note saying that he was going out and that there was no need to worry. Then, unable to contain his excitement, he strode out the door!

"Stupid daddy!"

In the room, Nan Nan, who was lying on the bed, had a joyful smile on her face. She tugged on the new clothes that she had just changed into and blinked her eyes. The sci-fi data screen in front of her eyes flickered slightly and gradually dissipated. Vaguely, one could see the image on the screen. It was as if a woman whose face could not be seen clearly was sitting among the myriad of flowers in a fairyland.

…

America!

White House!

"Shit, look at what you've done. It was supposed to be a sure thing, but you've messed it up."

The president smashed his beloved crystal cup and shouted at Aulai, who was standing in front of him, wiping his cold sweat and looking terrified, "Do you know how many calls I've received in less than an hour? It's all those damn bastards calling to question me!"

Ao Lai bowed and apologized. "I'm sorry, Mr. President. It's all my fault!"

After venting his anger for a while, the fire in his heart was extinguished. After decades of being a politician, he quickly regained his composure. "Next, I'm mainly going to settle the impact of this matter. I'll probably have to sacrifice a portion of my interests to satisfy those vampires and shut their mouths. This must not be known by those fellows in Congress. Otherwise, there will be complications. Next year is the election, and I still want to be reelected. I don't want to just step down. Do you understand?"

Aulai said, "Understood, Mr. President!"

"Go ahead and keep a close eye on Fate Corporation. Keep a close eye on the representative of China, Zhao Lijian. Don't give him any chance to come into contact with the mainframe!"

He rubbed his temples and said tiredly, "Also, increase the search for Weeping Souls. With my President's authority, activate the plan and contact the spies buried in China. Find Weeping Souls at all costs. We cannot let him join the Chinese government. If he cannot be used by America, kill him!"

"Yes!"

…