Chapter 129: Reward Based On Merit

"You are too kind, City Lord. I am just lucky, I am not worthy of such praise. I am not worthy of the title of hero!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a humble and honest look on his face. "Before we left the village, the High Priest had instructed me to come and pay a visit to the city lord. I was delayed for a while because of a small matter and only managed to escape. I hope the city lord can forgive me!"

"The Weeping Soul Hero is being too modest. If we were able to quell the chaos of the mine and the danger of the burial ground was only due to luck, then the seventh Demon-Buster Army, which had once shaken the world, would not have been completely wiped out. For tens of thousands of years, countless outstanding talents would not have returned in failure, or even lost their lives!"

Everyone would be able to carry the sedan chair!

The city lord was greatly comforted by Qin Sheng’s high praise and flattery. He praised Qin Luo half seriously and half falsely.

"The name of the Weeping Soul Hero has spread throughout the world and has reached the heavens. His Majesty is very interested in you and would like to meet the young hero. Unfortunately, His Majesty is burdened with the country and the people. He is busy with work and cannot fulfill his wish. He can only give out the imperial decree to reward you according to your merits and give it to me!"

Finally?

Qin Sheng did not care if it was sincere or pretentious, as long as the reward was in his hands!

Ding… you have completed the hidden mission. Reward: + 50,000 military merits, + 1,000 gold coins, one treasure from the palace's treasury! '

Shit?

Qin Luo received the imperial edict in a daze. His mind was in a daze, as if he was dreaming!

He didn't know what military exploits were for, but the future would be incredible!

1000 gold coins!

Damn!

Even though it was not the start of the game and the price of gold coins had decreased, he could still sell at least one gold coin for 3,000 RMB. Wouldn't this 1,000 gold coins be 300W + RMB?

We're rich! We're rich!

Qin Luo cried out in his heart!

He had put in a lot of effort to create such a large array. He had sold hundreds of pieces of equipment, and in addition to the ones he had sold to Yatu and the others, there was no such number.

Now!

It was just a reward mission given by the officials. Moreover, it was a permanent reward given by the Abyss Instance Dungeon. He didn't expect the reward to be so generous.

“As expected, it’s easy for the higher-ups to do things. If it wasn’t for the fact that I’m related to the High Priest, how could such a good thing have fallen on my head?”

Qin Qin Sheng was very emotional!

“The High Priest is in the Beginner’s Village. I can’t hug this thick leg anymore. Now, I need to find a replacement. Not to mention anything else, I need to maximize the benefits I can get!”

Thus, Qin Sheng shifted his gaze towards the smiling city lord of Star Brilliance City!

"Is there anything else?"

Qin Luo's gaze swept over him. Even the city lord, who was used to seeing storms, could not help but feel his heart skip a beat. What did this guy mean by his gaze? Was he going to cause trouble?

"Oh, nothing special!"

Upon seeing the city lord's reaction, Qin Sheng also realized that he seemed to have lost control and scared his future thigh. Thus, he gave a simple and honest smile. "I just wanted to ask the city lord, what use is this military merit?"

"Merit points!"

The city lord let out a breath of air and explained, "This is a good thing! Our dynasty is founded on martial arts and our martial arts are flourishing. We have been around for a long time and there are many troubled times now. His Majesty and the ministers in the cabinet all value martial arts experts very much. Therefore, there are many experts among the people who have joined the army to protect the country and eliminate evil to protect the Dao."

“In my court, if one is a civil servant, there are still loopholes that can be exploited. After all, over the years, there have been many outstanding individuals with outstanding achievements who have given their wives and children shade. Their children should be given preferential treatment.”

“However, even though the civil service system can be arranged to take on a position without authority, the army cannot. Even if it is a family clan, even if their ancestors’ military contributions are heaven-shaking, anyone who enters the military camp will not be given preferential treatment. They will have to start as a lowly soldier. Regardless of whether it is a landowning household or a poor family, if they want to be promoted, they will have to establish military contributions. Everything else will be useless.”

Was it that impressive?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes suddenly widened!

Even * * *, second generation nouveau riche, second generation rich second generation, these were all sealed off. Was there no back door to leave?

Scared! Scared!

However!

That was normal!

In the end, it was because of this background that he was able to maintain a peaceful appearance while surrounded by devils and prevent the world from falling into chaos. Without powerful martial arts and ruthless methods, how could he succeed?

With the military as a guarantee for the stability of the empire, the safety of the citizens, and even the human race’s survival, who would dare to interfere? This wasn’t just a sinner of the race, it was even a sinner of the race. Everyone had the right to punish them. If they didn’t want their entire race to be exterminated, they would have to settle down and not cause any trouble.

"Weeping Soul Hero has contributed greatly this time. His Majesty has specially instructed the military to change the official position that should have been rewarded to military merits. Hero, you can freely arrange it!"

The city lord continued, “Also, before we left, His Majesty specially chose a treasure from the imperial palace’s treasury. This treasure represents His Majesty’s desire to protect you, Hero. I hope that Hero can strive for humanity and live up to His Majesty’s expectations.”

"As a human, I cannot shirk my duty. I will remember Your Majesty's kindness today and make a grass ring to repay your kindness!"

Qin Luo bowed solemnly, his tone resounding.

"In that case, I'm relieved!"

The City Lord smiled and said, "If you have any difficulties in the future, you can look for me!"

"Thank you, City Lord!"

Qin Luo Sheng bowed again and said, "I've just arrived and haven't settled down yet. I've thought about how I'll definitely be staying in Star Brilliance City for a long time in the future, so I want to settle some businesses and find a house. Please teach me, City Lord!"

"As the City Lord, I naturally welcome the Soul Sobbing Hero who likes my Star Glory City!"

The City Lord said, "However, there are national laws and the city has city rules. Although I am the City Lord, the laws still exist. All major departments have their own duties and cannot be overstepped. They can only do things according to the rules. I will write a letter for you. Take it to the person in charge of the Bureau of Fangdu and he will arrange everything for you."

"Thank you, City Lord!"

Qin Luo Sheng took the letter gratefully and said, "If you have any requests in the future, I'm willing to share some of your worries even if I'm not strong enough!"

"Then it's settled!"

The mayor smiled and did not take it to heart.

The reason he was so polite was because the emperor thought highly of this young genius called Weeping Soul.

But who was he?

One of the nine City Lords!

There were so many capable people under his command. How could a young man who had just come out of the mountain village and had not even grown his hair yet enter his eyes?

If it was something that even he could not solve, how could a weakling like him, who could not even defeat a single guard by his side, solve his problem?

Perhaps the young man before him was really a genius, but so what if he was? As the city lord of Starlight City, he had seen countless geniuses. How many had truly risen to power?

Geniuses that could grow up were experts!

A genius who died midway, everything would end!

They could rope him in and invest in him now, but there was no need for that!

As someone in a superior position, it was too cheap to rush to the door and offer warmth. The truly brilliant method was for others to send themselves to the door and ask for help. At that time, they would be able to show kindness and obtain immeasurable favor!

"In that case, I'll take my leave!"

Having gotten what he wanted, Qin Sheng, who knew that it was better not to overdo it, stopped pestering him and took his leave.

It was still early, and he still had to stay in Star Glory City until he reached Level 30 at least. He could take it slow, and there would be a chance to squeeze something out of the City Lord. There was no hurry!