Chapter 123: Nan Nan Wants To Sleep

The next day!

When Qin Luo woke up, it was already nine in the morning!

He had been through too much the previous day. He was mentally exhausted and physically exhausted. In addition to the ridiculous boycott incident, the whole world had scolded him for being a so-called "cheater", causing him to be in a very bad mood. He had also temporarily put aside the matters in the game and did not go back to his usual self. Once the morning passed and the game time refreshed, he immediately entered the game's liver and slept peacefully.

"Oh no, it's already so late. Nan Nan must be hungry!"

He leaped up from the bed and put on his clothes. Qin Sheng opened the locked door and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the door was still closed.

He had just had a good night's sleep and was in high spirits. Qin Sheng did not want to order takeout either. Besides, it would take at least half an hour before he could order takeout, so it would be a little late.

He ran to the bathroom and quickly washed up. Before he could even do that, Qin Sheng had already picked up his keys and phone and left the room!

First, he went to a small clothing store near the district. Under the strange gaze of the salesgirl, he braced himself and took two sets of female clothing. From top to pants, from undergarments to shoes and socks, he bought everything!

Then, he carried the bags of clothes and ran to the breakfast shop. He bought everything from steamed buns to fried dough sticks, wontons to sausage powder!

When he got home, it was already ten o'clock. It took him more than an hour!

"Is this little guy so sleepy?"

Qin Sheng was somewhat astonished when he saw that the door was still closed.

If she did not remember wrongly, Nan Nan had wanted to sleep with him at 10 pm last night, right? After being rejected, she pouted and went back to her room. Even if she slept at 11 pm, it had been almost 12 hours since then. How could she sleep?

"Nan Nan, Nan Nan…"

After arranging the steamed buns, Chaos, deep-fried dough sticks, and intestines, he poured two bowls of porridge and two cups of soybean milk before knocking on the door.

"Father, I'm so tired!"

He knocked for more than ten seconds, but there was no response. Just as Qin Sheng was worried that something had happened and was about to barge in, Nan Nan's lazy voice was heard.

"Still sleepy? You've been sleeping for almost half a day!"

Qin Luo Sheng's forehead was filled with black lines as he complained fiercely in his heart. However, it was his own "daughter" after all. What could a father do when his daughter was acting coquettishly? Of course he had to forgive her!

"Don't sleep. It's almost noon. Come out and eat. It's not good to be hungry!"

Qin Luo Sheng persuaded gently. His words made him feel like vomiting.

Lao Zi was an old loser, an unyielding and straight man, a king-level single dog. Now, he was actually forced to become a warm man. This persona was simply going to flip the heavens. It was really frustrating.

"Oh!"

Fortunately, Nan Nan was very obedient and did not have the bad temper that she was pampered with. She also did not have the rebellious phase of her adolescence. It was Qin Luo Sheng who felt comforted and relieved.

"Then hurry up!"

Qin Sheng did not continue standing at the door when he heard Nan Nan's glutinous reply. Instead, he turned around and returned to the dining room to eat.

As someone who had been through this before, "Qin Sheng" naturally knew how annoying it was to have his parents blocking the door and urging him to hurry up.

Too much was as bad as not enough!

Even when interacting with his own child, it was the same. It was the most appropriate to stop when the time was right, instead of continuously pressuring and testing the child according to one's own wishes. That would only backfire, and it would be like trying to press down on a spring. The tighter it was pressed, the more serious the injury would be when it rebounded.

"Father, good morning!"

Not long after, Nan Nan yawned and rubbed her eyes. She walked over with sleepy eyes and greeted sweetly.

Sitting on the chair, her little nose trembled as she breathed in the fragrance of the food on the table. Her appetite was huge, and her stomach was growling. However, her hands refused to listen to her. They stretched out and fell down, lifting and falling. She could not reach the food no matter what. It was not because of other reasons, but because her little head was constantly nodding and dozing off.

Qin Luo could not help but break out in cold sweat!

Young lady, where did you learn this unique skill from?

"Wash your face!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng put down his chopsticks and went to wash up. He wet the new towel and wrung it dry before returning and placing it in Nan Nan's hands.

“Daddy, help me!”

Qin Sheng:…

'Tell me, young lady, did you sleep with a god in your past life?'

Looking at the towel that had fallen onto the dining table, Qin Sheng had no choice but to pick it up and gently cover the girl's tender face with it. He exerted a little force and rubbed it slowly (there was no driving here, and it was funny to touch) to clean her face.

Maybe it was the coolness of the cold water towel or the enticement of the aroma of food, Nan Nan finally opened her eyes. Even though her eyes were still blurry, she was not dozing off like before, as though she was about to fall asleep at any moment.

"Nan Nan, do you want to go shopping later?"

The corners of Qin Sheng's mouth twitched as he looked at Nan Nan, who was holding the steamed dumplings in one hand and the deep-fried dough sticks in the other. Her little mouth was filled to the brim with oil, and she was gorging herself like she was eating a feast. He downed a cup of soy milk on the spot to calm himself down before asking, "Qin Nan?"

"No, I want to sleep!"

Nan Nan rejected without hesitation.

Qin Sheng:…

"If I don't go shopping, how am I going to buy you clothes? It can't be that you're only wearing this, right?"

Qin Luo had a slight headache. "Not only clothes, we also have to buy other daily necessities. Yes, we also have a phone. We need to buy one."

"Father, just buy it!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What do you mean I can buy it?

Do you know how much your father sacrificed for you?

In the eighteen years since he was young, his father had never been so embarrassed before.

Do you know how hurtful the look in the young lady's eyes was?

It was as if he was looking at a pervert, a beast, trash, and a worm!

I'm about to break down!

"Darling, do you want to play games?"

Qin Luo guided him patiently. "Just like daddy, it's fun to play games with a helmet on!"

"I want to play, I want to play!"

Nan Nan raised her hands in the air.

"Alright then, how about we go buy the game access device later?"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled smugly. No matter how cunning you are, you can't escape from me, this old hunter. "The game's connection equipment needs to be filled with information and bound to DNA. It can only be done by the person outside!"

Bullshit!

Qin Luo Sheng was completely bluffing!

Fill in information?

Binding DNA?

Indeed!

However, that was only possible in the game. Otherwise, he would have long been found by those powerful forces. How could he still be so arrogant and carefree after that?

As for going out personally?

Haha!

Send it to their doorstep!

"Nan Nan is not playing. Nan Nan is sleeping!"

When Nan Nan heard that she was going out, she rejected it immediately. She made it clear that nothing could stop her from sleeping.

Hence!

The smile on Qin Luo Sheng's face gradually froze!

Then—

He ate his porridge and buns with a poker face!