Chapter 122: Qin Luo'S Worry

"Heh, what a cliché!"

He looked at the top ten posts on the forum. Compared to the previous eight out of ten posts, he had a grand slam.

However, even though the quantity had increased, the quality was still stagnant. It was truly worrying!

There were so many people in the world, could it be that they couldn't find a 'literary giant'? There were all kinds of excuses, such as f*ck, c

m, a turquoise pool, an eight-gallon tooth road… nothing new. How disappointing.

Just this?

Qin Luo Sheng laughed in disdain!

On the Zu'an stage, after ten years of trials and tribulations, he was still able to dominate the Summoner Valley. With both his parents present, he was as immovable as a mountain. What kind of grand occasion had he not seen before?

He had read so many words over again, but in conclusion, all he had to do was to curse him to death or laugh him to death.

However!

Qin Luo could ignore the players' anger, but the official attitude was too important!

Although the advertisements were labeled as' absolute freedom ',' absolute no interference ', and' leave everything in the control of the mainframe ', who knew what was actually going on?

If a politician could believe his words, then he could only say that he was either an idiot or had never experienced the vicious beatings of society!

Fate Dimension indeed had countless halos, but deep down, it was just a game created by humans.

Mainframe?

It was quite mysterious!

But so what if it was mysterious? It was still created by humans.

As the God of Creation's human race and the overlord of this planet, how could they allow other uncontrollable factors to appear? The mainframe had to be serving the human race. To be more precise, it was serving the existences behind the scenes.

"It's a pity that there's too little information to analyze!"

Qin Luo Sheng secretly shook his head.

After all, he was a transmigrator from another world, and the status of his predecessor was also very low. He was a humble student, a nobody. He did not know the true secrets, and the only information he knew was the information that those important figures were willing to release.

However!

No matter how much it changed, it would not change from the original!

The mainframe had a certain degree of autonomy, that was for sure. It was because those big shots had compromised with each other.

The Blue Star was very similar to Earth. Basically, other than the technology tree being a little crooked, the other aspects were completely the same. There were also so many countries and so many disputes and conflicts. In relative peace, there were still constant wars.

Because technology was more advanced, the situation on Planet Blue was worse than on Earth. Because technology was more advanced, it meant that weapons of war were more powerful and destructive.

Everyone was a human, and they were all living on this planet. Before interstellar travel technology was under control, before a foreign planet suitable for human habitation was found, no one dared to go against the world's will to start a war of extermination.

There was no war, but what about disputes?

Sports competition?

Negotiate settlement?

Or, economic war?

None of them had any intrinsic effects!

The only thing that could resolve the conflict was violence!

If he had not guessed wrongly, the virtual game "Fate Dimension" should have been created under such a huge background?!

Transferring the conflicts in the real world to the virtual world was fine even if one broke one's mind in the virtual world and destroyed the world in a fit of rage. It was fine as long as it did not affect the real world.

However!

Such a successful transfer of contradictions, but there were too many uncertainties!

In reality, if I am strong, I am strong. If I have more troops, I have more * * *, I have more nuclear bombs… I will do whatever I want. I will not increase or decrease in the slightest!

As for Fate Dimension, it was just a game world after all. The virtual world and the data world could be used. With just a slight movement of his fingers, he could change the data and turn the world upside down. Like a god, he could control the entire world. What was one man against a country? It was not impossible for one person to fight against the entire world!

So!

Who will supervise Fate Dimension?

Who can trust other countries?

They were all worried!

In that case, under mutual distrust, they could only find an outsider and authorize him to control the entire situation. This was very fair to any country.

The mainframe, in other words, was the product of all the countries on the blue planet compromising with each other. In other words, it was the product of the balance between powerful countries.

Because of this reason, even if humans were in absolute control, the mainframe had a lot of autonomy!

However!

As long as it was still based on human will, then the mainframe was just a puppet.

On the other hand, Qin Luo Sheng had caused such a huge commotion, causing a storm to sweep across the entire world and even causing the entire world to be in turmoil, forcing the official operations appointed by the United Nations—Destiny Corporation—to have no choice but to hold a press conference to stabilize the situation. It wasn't just the will of the players, who would believe that there was no mastermind behind this?

After all!

When the entire world signed the agreement and transferred all disputes to Fate Dimension, the meaning of Fate Dimension would no longer be ordinary.

China was one of the superpowers in the world, and it was one of the Five Generals of the world. It was extremely powerful, and because of the Dark Age, countless western countries had offended it before. Therefore, under the leadership of the Xing State, they were afraid of settling scores later and some other countries' interests. Therefore, they started to slander China and talk about threats and brainwashing their citizens.

If they couldn't fight in real life, China would be the best in the game. Who would be at ease with such a ferocious existence like Weeping Soul?

Hence!

Using the weakness of human nature to amplify the jealousy in people's hearts, manipulating the entire world to target China and "Weeping Souls", it was only logical.

Ordinary people who had lost their minds might really think that Weeping Soul was a despicable cheater. However, the big shots who knew many secrets knew better than anyone whether Weeping Soul was cheating or relying on true ability!

It was precisely because they knew that Weeping Souls was truly powerful that if they were to ignore it and allow it to grow, there would be too many variables that could threaten them. Therefore, they did not hesitate to take the risk of offending China and secretly do despicable things to kill it.

According to normal circumstances, the mainframe would definitely come to the conclusion that there was no problem, that there was no cheating, and that there was no bug.

Because it was the truth!

However!

With the interference of external factors, things would be different!

Qin Sheng was a little worried.

Once a national power was involved, especially in the five countries, it was hard to imagine what the outcome would be.

Ding dong!

Qin Luo, who was deep in thought, was suddenly awakened by the doorbell.

Looking at the time, nearly an hour had passed!

"Have I been in a daze for so long?"

Qin Luo Sheng was in disbelief!

"Forget it, there's no point in analyzing it here. What should come will come!"

He stood up, opened the door, and took the heavy takeaway from the delivery man. Qin Sheng returned to the dining room and arranged the large packaged dishes one by one. "Hopefully, there will be good news. After all, the motherland is not vegetarian. This is not the dark era before the founding of the country!"