Chapter 134: New Version: The Rise Of Mercenaries

After a simple dinner, Qin Luo cleared the table and returned to his room to change into a simple sportswear.

He took a look at the closed door and shook his head. He gave up on the idea of asking Nan Nan to go out with him and left the room.

Half an hour of stroll, half an hour of exercise!

After feeling that it was about time, Qin Luo slowly returned home.

After resting for a while, she put on some clean clothes and went to the bathroom to wash up.

"Hu… comfortable!"

Qin Sheng casually wiped his hair, not caring if it was dry or not. He threw away the towel and picked up the tablet on the coffee table. His body fell onto the sofa and he relaxed like a paralyzed person.

"Let me see what the officials have updated this time!"

He skillfully opened the screen and entered the official website. He immediately saw the blood-red title at the top—Version 1.3 [Rise of the Mercenaries]!

"Mercenaries? Is this the content of this update?"

Qin Luo's interest was piqued!

He clicked on it!

[Rise of Mercenaries] Update content:

1. Open the Mercenary System. Every player who reached Level 10 and completed the official Class Advancement could head to the Mercenary Guild Main Hall. After paying one silver coin, they could register and become a mercenary. After becoming a mercenary, they could accept missions and earn rewards. At the same time, any player could issue missions and hire mercenaries!

2. Open the Durability System. In consideration of the new players, the mainframe temporarily blocked the Durability System. Any equipment would generate the ability to never wear down for long periods of time. Now that the novice period was over, the Durability System was open, and all equipment and items would return to their original state. The usage would drop the Durability System!

3. Open the restoration system of all major stores. Because of the release of the durability system, the restoration system was also opened. The repair location of weapons, helmets, and armor was the Blacksmith Shop. The repair location of cloth armor, cloth clothes, gloves, and shoes was the tailor shop. The repair location of special equipment such as jewelry was determined according to the specific circumstances. Players could ask the NPCs themselves!

4. Open the collection ability of the combat class. In the future, the materials carried by the monsters would not appear in the form of dropped materials. Instead, they would be obtained according to the player's collection. [Collecting Skill] was similar to [Probing Skill]. It was cast by the system, and every player had it on their own. There was no need for additional learning!

5. Cast the mercenary group to establish the qualification certificate. The drop rate of normal monsters was 0.0001%, the drop rate of normal Bosses was 0.01%, the drop rate of black iron Bosses was 1%, the drop rate of bronze Bosses was 10%, the drop rate of silver Bosses was 20%, the drop rate of gold Bosses was 50%, and the drop rate of gold Bosses was 100% and above. At the same time, players could use the head of the gold Boss to obtain the qualification certificate from the Mercenary Guild and exchange for one!

6. Throw in the Creation Gang Badge. The Creation Gang Badge is a Gold Boss above level 30, an Ancient Boss above level 20, and a Legendary Boss above level 10 has a chance of dropping. The lowest drop rate is 0.01%. The stronger the Boss is, the more special his identity is, and the drop rate will increase accordingly.

7. Open up more subclasses and add many blueprints and formulas required for each subclass as mission rewards. At the same time, the System Shop will update more low-level blueprints and formulas.

8. Increase the drop rate of Monster Money Coins.

9. Additional Daily Missions. Every player can go to the noticeboard outside the City Lord's Mansion to accept daily Missions. After completing them, there will be rich rewards. At the same time, the City Lord's Mansion's noticeboard will randomly refresh difficulty missions, bounty missions, trigger missions, and hidden missions!

10. Open ranking system, closed world ranking system, open war zone ranking system, temporarily open four ranking systems—Money ranking, Equipment ranking, Ranking ranking, Treasure ranking!

"D * mn, the Top Ten Updates? Is the official platform on drugs?"

As he browsed, Qin Sheng exploded instantly!

These ten updates were enough to turn the world upside down!

This was especially true for the mercenary system that was used as a version of its name. It was the embryonic form of an organization that would conquer the world in the future. It had a huge impact!

Compared to the mercenary system, although the other updates were also quite important, they were all minor details!

There was nothing to say about the durability system and repair system. There was only one thing to say—eat sh * t official!

It was obvious that they were here to cheat the players of their money. They were here to collect the few game coins that the players had!

"D * mn, the officials are really scamming us!"

Undoubtedly, Qin Sheng was the most affected. Wasn't this clearly targeting him?

Normal players were still alright. The equipment on them was just like that, so it didn't cost much to repair them.

But what about him?

The worst equipment on him was Gold equipment. Once he lost his stamina and recovered, wouldn't the cost be heartbreaking?

"I didn't have such plans at first, but it looks like my small shop is going to open early!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with displeasure. "If we don't do some small business and earn some money, won't we not even be able to repair our equipment? The famous Weeping Soul Beast doesn't even have the money to repair our equipment. If this gets out, won't others laugh their heads off?"

The fourth update was about harvesting!

It was harmless!

In the past, the materials relied on exploding, but now, they relied on collecting. It was true that there were no changes, but there were also changes.

If you relied on your luck, it would depend on your luck.

If he relied on harvesting, other than looking at his face and Luck points, he also had to look at his proficiency in harvesting.

In this way, it would be very friendly to those with high levels of harvesting skills. Also, there was another benefit. The materials that could not be dropped in the past could be collected freely now. As long as the monster corpses were not refreshed, they could basically be collected, greatly increasing the production rate of the materials.

"The Collecting Skill is fine. It's just a small matter. However, the establishment of the qualification certificate and the establishment of the gang, especially the establishment of the gang, is something that can change the situation!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin, deep in thought.

The mercenary group was still alright. After obtaining the qualification certificate, it was only so-so. There were too many limitations, and they could only be scattered soldiers!

However, the establishment of a gang was different. After this thing built a gang, it would be able to obtain the territory of a gang. This meant that it was no longer a lone soldier like mercenaries who could have their own territory.

At that time, he would be able to occupy a region, gather his forces, and form an independent state. He would become a local tyrant, managing a region, opening shops, developing businesses, and so on. It would be a virtuous cycle, from investing purely in losses without caring about anything, to making profits and reaping profits without restraint.

However!

Great!

However, the drop rate… Tsk tsk, it was really tragic!

Not to mention that no player had the ability to challenge a BOSS at this stage of the game, even if they did, they would at least be a level 30 Gold BOSS. Would these existences be so easy to encounter?

So!

This was the f*cking fat bait released by the government. It was specifically used to stimulate those ambitious big dogs, making them invest more and invest more money crazily to increase the profits of the official corporation.

"It's the same routine again!"