Chapter 139: Slaying Ghost Skeleton (1)

Holy shit!

Level 20 Gold Boss?

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned!

Damn it!

Putting aside the fact that he was five levels higher than himself, just the 50W + Health Points, 6,500 + Attack, and 2,000 + Defense alone made Qin Sheng somewhat autistic!

"What should we do with this guy?"

He glanced at his own stats and compared it to Qin Luo's. The corners of his mouth twitched uncontrollably.

Initially, there was still some hope, but because of his internal injuries, all his attributes were weakened by 20%. This was a little difficult!

"Brat, take this!"

Ghost Skeleton rushed over with a blade in hand, howling like a madman. It was as if he was a ferocious Zhang Fei in an act of righteousness. That berserk aura was truly terrifying.

"Die? That depends on whether you have the ability!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Luo Sheng placed Luo Li on the ground and took out the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Instead of retreating, he advanced forward to receive the attack.

Clang!

Swinging his sword to block, the two swords crossed in front of him, firmly blocking the huge blade of the ghost skeleton. As the blades collided, the sound of metal colliding was deafening.

"So powerful!"

Qin Luo Sheng could feel an indescribable force coming from above, shaking his hands so much that he almost lost control of his swords. His body also bent slightly under this violent force and was almost pressed to the ground.

"No!"

A rough probe, combined with the attributes of the detection technique, allowed Qin Sheng to instantly determine the approximate range of the skeleton's combat strength. His heart shuddered. "I can't hide my true strength and consider the mastermind behind this. If I don't go all out, I won't even be able to get past the skeleton!"

That's right!

Qin Qin Sheng was still preparing to hide his trump card and not reveal it to deal with the mysterious person behind the scenes!

But!

After coming into contact with Gui Ku, he realized a fact.

Hiding his strength was equivalent to courting death!

If he could not even kill the skeleton, how could he find trouble with the mysterious person behind the scenes?

"Spirited Snake Step!"

"Clever!"

The two speed enhancement skills were used, the speed that was originally slightly faster than Ghost Skeleton exploded in an instant, completely crushing him!

"Slash!"

With a slight movement, he easily dodged the powerful saber of the skeleton. Qin Sheng swung his sword back.

-3,288!

What?

Was that all?

Qin Luo's heart turned cold!

Ghost Skeleton had 50W + Health Points. This attack only dealt about 3000 damage, and it was after the critical hit. Wasn't this too low?

"Sirius!"

Without any hesitation, he activated his attack enhancement skill. Instantly, his attack power increased by 100% and his critical strike chance increased by 100%!

"Sword Aura, activate effect!"

Spurting out a beam of sword qi, it slashed onto Ghost Skeleton's body. At the same time, he shifted his feet and dodged the incoming saber.

"Berserk Potion!"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng took out a potion that had been miraculously strengthened by starlight from his backpack. He raised his head and gulped it down. Physical Attack + 20%!

"Shadow Assault!"

With a flash, Qin Sheng disappeared from where he was before the giant saber that was chasing after Gui Ku landed, causing him to miss!

"Shadow Stab!"

The sword tip of the [Coiling Dragon Water] flickered as it moved behind the skeleton. Under Qin Sheng's control, it stabbed into the back of the skeleton's head.

-10880!

A damage number that exceeded 10,000 appeared, followed by a green circle that represented the "stun" effect. It was successfully triggered!

"I have been weakened by 20% of all my attributes. This battle is unfair to begin with. Since that's the case, let me pull my level to the same level!"

Qin Sheng did not waste a single second of stun. His right arm bulged out and his muscles bulged. Power surged rapidly and he began to accumulate power.

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

A heavy slash landed on the skeleton's neck. The hard bones clashed with the sharp edge of the sword, and no wounds appeared. However, Qin Sheng's arm had gone limp from the impact, and the web between his thumb and forefinger was aching.

-55,752!

A huge damage number floated in the air. However, Qin Sheng did not pay attention to it. Instead, he was listening to the system's battle prompt.

Ding… your skill Berserk Heavy Strike effect has been activated. Skeleton General—Ghost Skeleton, has triggered Absolute Damage effect. All attributes decreased by 20%! '

NICE!

As expected, I am the child of destiny!

"Give it to me!"

After the violent blow, Qin Sheng was temporarily out of strength.

“Shadow Escape!”

After regaining consciousness, the skeleton seized the opportunity and slashed horizontally with its hands, preparing to slash Qin Sheng at the waist. However, Qin Sheng's "Shadow Escape" was easily neutralized.

"Brat, do you only know how to run around? Come and fight me if you dare!"

His saber slashed through the air again. Feeling that his body was being suppressed, the skeleton was extremely irritable and roared at Qin Sheng, who had already appeared five meters away from him.

"Idiot!"

Qin Luo Sheng responded coldly. Without any hesitation, he began to use the advantage of crushing speed to engage in guerrilla warfare. The two Epic-ranked weapons in his hands, under the support of high Mana Points, seemed to be free of charge as he unleashed wave after wave of tyrannical Sword Qi, attacking the skeleton continuously.

"It seems like you're just a piece of trash!"

Qin Sheng could not help but mock Qin Luo as he watched his Health Points decrease rapidly after being attacked by his own sword strike. However, it was still the same as before, charging around like a reckless brute without any technique.

"Little brat, stop boasting. Since you want to die, this general will fulfill your wish!"

The ghost skeleton, who was already full of anger, exploded like a bucket after being mocked!

"Are you bullying me because you're fast?"

Ghost Skeleton gave a sinister smile as the ghostly fire in his eyes suddenly overflowed and landed on the large saber. Instantly, the black saber seemed to have been soaked in oil as it began to burn.

"Then, I will make it so that you can't move. Let's see how you will fight with me!"

Ghost Skeleton raised his fire-burning broadsword high and stabbed it into the ground. In an instant, ghost flames spread out, and the originally calm ground twisted, as if it had become a swamp. Skeletons rose up from within, summoned by Ghost Skeleton.

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

Calling for help if you can't win?

How shameless!

Did he have any shame as a BOSS?

Probing skill!

[Skeleton]

Level: LV 15

Health Points: 30,000

Attack: 2800

Defense: 500

Speed: 180

Skills: None

Introduction: Ordinary skeletons are revived due to the influence of death energy. They have no consciousness, only instinct. They hate light, life, and fire.

"Fortunately, it's just an ordinary skeleton. It's not a strengthened or elite monster!"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief after a glance.

However!

Immediately, his head started to hurt again.

Under normal circumstances, they were naturally unafraid of these trash skeletons. Even if there were a dozen or twenty of them, they could be easily annihilated!

However!

At this moment, he was fighting with the skeleton. He had originally been relying on augmentation techniques to fight against it, moving at an extremely fast speed and gaining the upper hand.

Now, these damned skeletons had come out to stir up trouble. Although they were not very useful, they were still real entities. After being controlled by the skeletons, they could pose a great threat to him. At least, blocking the road would work, right? This would prevent him from using guerrilla tactics so easily.

"What should we do?"

After Qin Luo's Berserk Dual Swords had slain a skeleton, he frowned as he looked at the dozens of skeletons that had already formed half a circle around him.