Chapter 136: Ghost Bride (2)

Four hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng stood at the end of the Zombie Domain. Looking at the familiar position and familiar path at the end of the Skeleton Domain, he felt a headache.

"Alright, I'll do it again. If I can't touch the Boss again…"

What would happen if they couldn't touch the BOSS?

Of course he left!

After six hours of fighting, the last half of the Skeleton Domain had been cleared. The entire Zombie Domain had been leveled up to Level 15, and the monsters here were also Level 15. Without the experience boost from killing monsters above their level, this was no longer the ideal leveling area.

Even if there was really a Boss here, Qin Sheng did not plan to stay any longer. He would rather return to the city to register as a mercenary than waste his time looking for a Boss that did not know if it existed or not. He might as well check out the bounty mission outside the City Leader's Mansion or find a higher-level area to level up.

After walking down the path again, Qin Sheng was once again speechless!

It was a familiar smell, a familiar formula, and… a "familiar" monster!

[Phantom]

Level: LV 15

Health Points: 20000

Attack: 5000

Defense: 200

Speed: 250

Skills: None

Introduction: An ordinary ghost. Originally, it was a dead person who was thrown into a mass grave. Due to the influence of death energy, it had completely transformed into a spirit. After awakening, it became a ghost. It had no consciousness, only instinct. It hated light, life, and flames.

"This is the last time! This is the last time!"

Qin Sheng took a look at the distribution of the spirits. They were not as dense as the Skeleton Domain and the Zombie Domain. There should be very few of them. Only then did he resist the urge to leave and begin another round of massacre.

The skeleton was the resurrection of the dead whose body had completely turned into bones. Because of the bones in its entire body, its attack was strong and its body was lighter. Its defense was barely passable, and it was considered a mediocre monster!

Zombies were the resurrected dead whose bodies had yet to decay. Their bodies were stiff, which made their defense very strong. Also, because their bodies were too stiff and meaty, their movements were slow and clumsy. They belonged to the type of monsters with meat shields!

The ghost in front of him was a monster whose body had completely decayed and its bones had been corroded, leaving only its spirit body. As it was a pure spirit body, its attack was very strong and its speed was very fast. However, its corresponding defense had been pulled down and its health points were also very weak.

This sort of strange creature was Qin Sheng's favorite!

Why?

Crispy Skin could be killed in two or three strikes. As a melee heavyweight warrior, who wouldn't like him?

Compared to cleaning up the zombie area, this time, cleaning up the ghost area, which was rare and easy to solve, only took slightly more than two hours, saving nearly half the time.

"Is this dog-like path again?"

After killing the last group of spirits, Qin Luo Sheng did not even pick up the three pieces of trashy white equipment that had dropped. He ran straight to the side wall and saw the familiar path. His mentality immediately collapsed.

"Fine, you're awesome. I can't afford to offend you, but can't I hide from you? Goodbye, you're not serving me anymore!"

Qin Sheng, who had been driven mad, took out his returning scroll and prepared to leave.

"F*ck, I'll give you one more chance!"

Just as he was about to tear up the return scroll, Qin Sheng hesitated for a moment. Then, he suppressed his anger and stuffed the return scroll back. He had already come this far. He was really unwilling to not go and take a look. "Dog System, don't let me ask you about your ancestors!"

"If the next area is like the Skeleton Domain, Zombie Domain, and Specter Domain, I won't waste any more time!"

Three minutes later!

"Ding, you have entered the hidden map: Luo Clan Village, Reputation Points + 100!"

Hidden map?

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shuddered. His earlier dissatisfaction was instantly thrown onto Java Island.

"Luo Clan Village? There are villages in the mass grave?"

Qin Sheng scanned his surroundings. It was grey and visibility was extremely low, but with his night vision ability, he could still see a simple and crude village not far away. The eerie atmosphere made him shiver involuntarily. "Could this be a ghost village?"

"Da da da da da da… da da da da da da da…"

Just as Disheng was hesitating whether he should enter the village or not, suddenly, the sound of gongs and drums could be heard from behind. The trumpets were playing loudly and joyously. Qin Luo, who was very familiar with this, could tell that this was a bridal escort!

"F*ck!?"

Qin Luo hurriedly moved to the side to let Lu Luo turn his head. Just as he was about to take a look at who was still in the mood to marry in such a godforsaken place, what he saw made his scalp go numb and he was almost scared to death.

Getting married was a matter of great importance. They should be dressed in embroidered clothes and carrying a sedan chair!

‘ But—’

There were eight sedan chairs, but they were all white. That was the color that should only be white!

Not only that!

The person carrying the sedan chair had a ghastly pale face, his cheeks were painted red, and he was dressed in dark clothes… In addition, their feet were not touching the ground, and they were flying away in the air. Qin Luo had ascended completely. This was a Minghun!

"I better f*cking leave!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately wanted to retreat. "It's best not to provoke such a supernatural existence. Otherwise, I won't even know how I died."

Having made up his mind, Qin Luo kept silent and looked straight ahead. He was prepared to wait for the brat to pass by carrying the ghost bride's sedan chair before he left.

At this moment, something unexpected happened!

"Ah…"

"Ah…"

"Ah…"

The little ghosts that passed by him suddenly let out mournful howls. They threw down the sedan chair and rolled on the ground as if they were being tortured.

"What happened?"

"What happened?"

"It has nothing to do with me!"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbstruck as he looked at the group of brats rolling around on the ground. Moreover, their originally round and jade-like faces had actually started to melt. This strange and terrifying scene made him shiver uncontrollably.

Buzz…

In front of him, a sparkling green light flashed past. Only then did Qin Sheng lower his head in hindsight. When he saw the [Life Prayer] hanging around his neck, he instantly understood!

So that was how it was!

As a necklace once worn by the Goddess of Life, it was stained with a trace of the Goddess of Life's divinity. Not only did it possess superpowers on the surface, but it would also activate the hidden special effect when encountering such supernatural phenomena.

Look!

A group of weak little ghosts didn’t even have the strength to resist before they were directly melted by the abundant light of life from the Life Prayer.

“Mm, what’s going on?”

The brat was gone. The trumpets and other instruments were gone. The palanquin was gone as well. Everything had vanished under the green light of life, leaving only—the ghost bride??

"Under the life force, all demons and monsters should have nowhere to hide. Why is this ghost bride fine?"

Qin Luo's mind was filled with question marks. "Could it be that she's not a ghost bride but a living person?"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated for a moment as he looked at the woman in the phoenix robe who had fallen to the ground. He gritted his teeth and moved forward step by step.

Probing skill!

[Luo Li]

Level:???

Occupation:???

Power: Star Glory City

Health Points:???

Mana:???

Physical attack:???

Magic attack:???

Physical Defense:???

Magic Defense:???

Identity: Daughter of the Star Brilliance City's City Lord, Regiment Commander of Star Brilliance City's Rose Knight.???????

“What the fuck?”