Chapter 138: Skeleton General—Gui Ku (2)

-5000!

A huge damage number popped up above Qin Luo's head. His health bar had decreased by almost one-third before it had even dried. Wasn't this too difficult?

"Pfft…"

With a muffled groan, Qin Sheng tilted his head and spat out a mouthful of blood.

Ding… you have suffered internal injuries. All attributes decreased by 20% for 1 hour! '

Qin Sheng:…

What was this?

Damn system!

Knock on you!

Did you hear that? I'm hitting you!

"Brat, let go of Mistress!"

Clutching his chest, he helped Luo Li to stand up with difficulty. Qin Sheng saw clearly the monster that had revealed itself from the dark clouds. It was a three-meter-tall skeleton wielding a large saber. Its entire body was as dark as steel. At this moment, in the eyes of the skeleton that looked like a deep pit, the blood-red ghastly flames were shining with a strange red light. The violent killing intent was so strong that it gave him a chill.

"Mistress?"

As he hugged Luo Li’s soft waist, the corner of Qin Sheng’s mouth curled up slightly. He couldn’t help exerting strength in his hands, causing Luo Li’s delicate body to press closer to his.

"Courting death!"

The eyes of the Great Skeleton flickered madly. The fury in his eyes made Qin Sheng's heart palpitate even though he was over thirty meters away.

"Hey, hey, don't be rash. Otherwise, you'll kiss me right here!"

As he watched the big skeleton brandish its large saber and prepare to kill its way over, Qin Sheng hurriedly lifted Luo Li’s extremely pretty face. With his left hand supporting his waist and his right hand raising his chin, he looked as if he was about to kiss her. “The mistress has yet to marry, yet she has been blasphemed by another man. Tell me, what would your master think?”

"Despicable brat!"

As expected, the big skeleton was tricked. It stopped in its tracks and waved its saber wildly, slashing out terrifying saber qi one after another. However, it did not dare to continue forward.

"F*ck, this is killing me!"

Although he was merely putting on an act for the big skeleton to see, and all his actions were a gamble, his feelings were real. As a normal man, Qin Sheng's heart stirred uncontrollably as he held such a charming woman in his arms.

"I was just passing by. I'm innocent. This has nothing to do with me!"

Suppressing his desire, Qin Luo said to the Great Skeleton, "Why don't we make a deal? I'll leave this place immediately. You go your own way and I'll cross my own wooden bridge. Everyone will pretend that nothing happened. How about that?"

"…Sure!"

After pondering for a few seconds, the Great Skeleton agreed and pointed at Luo Li. “Release Mistress, and I will let you leave!”

"Hey, hey, you're not being sincere anymore!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "Do you take me for a fool? If I gave you my only bargaining chip, would you still let me go?"

"I, Gui Ku, am a man of my word. If I say I'll let you go, I'll let you go!" the big skeleton shouted.

Qin Luo Sheng: "I don't believe it!"

Ghost Skeleton:…

"Then what are you going to do?" Gui Ku said ruthlessly. "Don't think that just because you have the matriarch in your hands, you can negotiate with me. If you anger me, I'll kill you with one strike. You're just a woman, I'm sure Master won't blame me too much!"

"I don't want anything!"

Qin Luo frowned slightly. After weighing the pros and cons, he said, "I'm just leaving this place safely. I just want to stay alive, that's all."

"I…" Just as Gui Ku was about to say something, Qin Sheng interrupted him before he could say anything. "— You don't have to say your promise. I don't believe it. I won't bet my life on your so-called verbal promise."

Qin Sheng did not dare to beat around the bush when he saw Gui Ku flying into a rage. He quickly continued, "Either you follow me and walk out of this burial mound until I return this woman to you, or we'll fight to the death. Don't doubt that even though I can't beat you, you can't stop me from doing something to this defenseless woman before I die."

“Brat, don’t push your luck. Who do you think your Grandpa Gui Ku is? Do you think he will be threatened by you?”

Gui Ku flew into a rage.

“I don’t know who you are, but isn’t it obvious if you’re threatened?”

Qin Luo Sheng looked as if victory was within his grasp as he said with a smile, "If you're really as nonchalant as you say you are, you wouldn't be here talking nonsense with me right now. Instead, you're here to kill your way over. It seems like this woman is quite important to you, no, to the master you're talking about. Otherwise, you wouldn't have to be so cautious."

“What do you want?” The ghost flames in Gui Ku’s eyes flickered again. He hesitated for a few seconds before speaking, his tone and attitude no longer the same as before. “Don’t talk about leaving the burial mound with the matriarch. I will never agree to this.”

"Is that so?" Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Then there's nothing I can do! I won't believe you. From this second onwards, I'll give you one minute to consider. Either you agree to my conditions or I'll kill this woman."

Gui Ku was shocked. "You…"

"Don't doubt my determination. I won't fall for your delaying tactics either. I'll give you more time to gather your companions!" Qin Luo Sheng was abnormally calm. He analyzed with a clear mind, "One minute, only one minute. After this one minute, regardless of whether you agree or not, I'll definitely take this woman's life. Ha, with such a beauty accompanying me in the Yellow Springs, my life won't be in vain!"

Gui Ku who had been pressured once again fell silent, he was stuck in a dilemma, unable to make a decision.

“Gui Ku, ignore Luo Li and kill that brat!”

A second passed in a stalemate. Qin Sheng could clearly sense that the skeleton's mental defenses were gradually disintegrating. Just as he thought he had won the bet, a feminine voice suddenly drifted over from somewhere.

"Yes, Master!"

F*ck!

Qin Luo's feigned calmness disintegrated when he saw Gui Ku kneeling respectfully and holding his saber with a murderous look.

"Little brat, die!"

Gui Ku brandished his large saber and charged over violently. "Do you think Master cares about that woman? Although it's a little useful, it's just so. Since it's already in my hands, it doesn't matter if it's alive or dead!"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart turned cold!

Probing skill!

[Skeleton General—Skeleton (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: LV 20

Health Points: 500,000

Attack: 6,500

Defense: 2000

Speed: 320

Skills:???

Introduction: Ghost Skeleton. Unknown origins. The first Undead Skeleton that was born in the mass grave absorbed the resentment of countless corpses that were thrown into the mass grave. It plundered the Yin energy and gradually strengthened itself. In the end, it became the ruler of the Skeleton Territory and called itself the Skeleton General. Not long ago, an abnormality occurred in the mass grave. Ghost Skeleton joined the mysterious person and became a general under him. Together with two other experts, they attacked the Rose Knight Legion that came to investigate. They captured their commander, Luo Li, and prepared for a special ceremony.