Chapter 137: Skeleton General—Gui Ku (1)

Who am I?

Where am I?

What am I doing?

Qin Luo Sheng directly asked three questions in philosophy!

"What have I done wrong!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his head hurting!

"I just want to level up, fight bosses, and earn some money. Why do I have to be involved in such a strange matter? I'm still a newbie. The grudges between you guys have nothing to do with me!"

Qin Qin Sheng knew without thinking that there were too many secrets hidden in this strange netherworld marriage. There would definitely be many big shots who were up to no good.

If Ghost Bride was an ordinary person, there was no need to worry too much. She could treat it as an ordinary supernatural incident. At the very least, the Boss behind the scenes was stronger. It was no big deal!

But!

This ghost bride was the daughter of the Star Glory City's City Lord. That would be big news!

The daughter of the city lord of one of the nine main cities of the empire, her status should at least be comparable to a princess, right? What kind of honor was this?

Furthermore!

This Luo Li was not as simple as the daughter of the City Lord. Putting aside the series of question marks that the detection technique had failed to detect, just based on the other identity that the detection technique had revealed, Qin Sheng’s mind was blank!

Previously, Luo Li’s father, the City Lord of the Starlight City, had said that the Civil Official System might be arranged by her father’s generation to be an unofficial official without any real power. However, the military was different. No matter who your father was, it wouldn’t work. Even if he was a prince, he had to follow the rules. Without any military achievements, he could only be a small soldier.

The Commander of the Rose Knight Legion wasn’t someone that could be promoted with her identity as the daughter of the City Lord. In other words, Luo Li had a lot of military contributions. So where did the military contributions come from? Naturally, it was from killing with real knives and guns. That meant that her strength was extremely terrifying. This point could be seen from the question marks in the detection technique.

However!

Such a powerful existence was actually captured, and he was even treated as the target of the ghost marriage. It was simply inconceivable.

Qin Luo refused to believe that Luo Li was captured by the Boss hidden in the mass grave.

Although this place was strange, it was not far from Star Glory City. If there were any powerful beings, they would have been suppressed by the troops of Star Glory City long ago. How could they have survived until now?

The three monsters in the mass grave were Skeletons, Zombies, and Spirits. They were the lowest level undead monsters. They were level 15 and weak. They could even deal with players. There was no reason why NPCs could not deal with them.

How strong could Boss be if his subordinates were so weak?

So!

There was only one conclusion!

Luo Li had been plotted against. The force that plotted against her definitely wasn’t small. Even if it was weaker than her family, it wasn’t much weaker.

"Should I get involved in this?"

Qin Luo Sheng fell into deep thought!

As the saying goes, when immortals fight, mortals suffer.

As a player who had just arrived in the Fated World, he was like a newborn. Not only was he pitifully weak, but he also had no power to support him.

Not to mention those great figures with monstrous authority, even small officials and guards were capable of suppressing you. If one was rashly swept into such an enormous storm, then the slightest carelessness would cause one to be crushed into pieces and be eternally doomed.

They really couldn't afford to offend him!

"No, I can't waste any more time!"

The wedding reception had been ruined. Presumably, the mastermind who was waiting for the bride would receive the news and rush over. Then…

"We have to leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, we won't be able to leave!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not have the time to think carefully. Although he was hesitant, he still could not leave Luo Li lying on the ground and allow her to be taken away for an inhumane Minghun.

"Hey, wake up!"

Walking over, he squatted down and extended his hand to help Luo Li, who was still wearing the phoenix coronet and robes, up. Even though they were separated by clothes, the softness and elasticity of his hand still caused Qin Sheng’s heart to flutter.

"Still in a coma. Was she drugged?"

After shaking it a few times with all her might, Luo Li’s soft and boneless body allowed him to do as he pleased. However, she did not show any signs of waking up. If not for the warmth from her palm proving that she was still alive, Qin Sheng would have thought that he was facing a dead person!

"I can't take it anymore, I can't stay here any longer!"

Gritting his teeth, Qin Luo Sheng slightly moved his hand and removed the phoenix crown on Luo Li’s head. Throwing it away forcefully, he was just about to see how her complexion was and see if he could save her. However, when his gaze landed on her, he was instantly stunned!

She had willowy eyebrows, an oval face, a fine nose, jade ears, and extremely exquisite facial features, as if they were the work of the gods. One extra point would be too full, and one less point would be too thin.

A heroic aura burst forth from between her brows, and her valiant and heroic bearing was astonishing. Even though she was unconscious and her heroic spirit had weakened, it was precisely because of this that her pretty face was completely pale, and instead seemed delicate, causing others to feel pity for her.

"Isn't this too beautiful?"

It was as if Qin Luo Sheng had been instantly shot by Cupid’s arrow. He blankly stared at Luo Li, his heart violently beating as his entire body heated up.

"Wu wu wu…"

Just as Qin Luo was wallowing in Luo Li’s peerless beauty, unable to extricate himself from it, a cold wind suddenly howled and a mournful wail came from afar, approaching at an extremely fast speed!

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly jolted awake. He turned his head and saw that a gigantic ball of grey energy had appeared out of nowhere in the small village. It had transformed into a dark cloud and was heading towards him.

"F*ck, let's go all out!"

Qin Sheng picked Luo Li up abruptly and ran away without even looking behind him. He was prepared to dive into a series of stone crevices and return from the path he had taken earlier to escape this damned place.

"Damn brat, how dare you ruin my Lord's wedding and snatch my lady. Die!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's actions, the dark clouds instantly sped up. At the same time, a furious roar came from inside, scaring Qin Sheng so much that he almost fell.

"F*ck!"

A blast of air exploded. Qin Sheng, who was running forward, could not dodge in time and was hit.

Qin Luo's body flew up uncontrollably under the impact of the powerful air wave.

At the critical juncture, Qin Sheng struggled to change his posture in the air. He lowered himself while Luo Li faced upwards. Using her body as a meat shield, she smashed heavily onto the ground.

"Yes!"

With a muffled groan, Qin Sheng felt as though his back was on fire. His internal organs were indescribably uncomfortable. It was obvious that he had suffered internal injuries.

However!

This was not the time to care about internal injuries. The strength of that wave of air was simply inconceivable. Even though it was sent flying over ten meters away, it still possessed an extremely powerful force.

Hence!

Qin Luo Sheng wrapped his arms around Luo Li's body and embraced her. At the same time, he used his arms to protect her head and neck. They rolled around each other for ten meters before he managed to stop himself.