Chapter 135: Ghost Bride (1)

Qin Sheng, who had seen through the official routine, smiled disdainfully and paid no more attention to this.

Actually, with his ability, he had the greatest chance of obtaining the Creation Clan Order.

However, the BOSS was hard to find and the drop rate was touching. Even if the first Creation Gang Badge could definitely be sold for an unimaginable price, he did not feel anything about it. If he encountered it, he would do it. If it could be dropped, it would be good. If it did not explode, then forget it. There was no need to force it.

"This ranking system is quite interesting!"

In comparison, Qin Sheng was very interested in the ranking system. "The four major rankings have been opened. Money rankings are not considered. They can't be compared to those big shots or tycoons. However, I don't know if I can get on the remaining three rankings, especially the equipment rankings. I wonder how much I can get on the rankings and how many pitfalls I'll take up!"

That's right, he was so arrogant!

If it were any other person, Qin Sheng would not have much confidence. After all, there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons in the land of China. If he underestimated the experts of the people, he would be slapped in the face sooner or later!

However, the equipment ranking was different!

Qin Sheng had no doubt that the others would surely obtain powerful equipment.

However!

Ordinary players could only obtain Gold equipment at most, right?

And him!

Gold equipment was the lowest grade of equipment!

Well, it was nothing!

With the Starlight Miracle, in terms of equipment, he just wanted to ask—who else?!!

…

22 PM!

Neon lights flashed!

Usually, at this time of the night, the nightlife would be bustling with noise and traffic. But today, it was unusually quiet.

Nothing else!

The update for "Fate Dimension" was about to end. Other than a small number of players who had run out of game time and were now going out to look for food to replenish their energy, those ambitious youths who were waiting for 0 am to pass and continue to work hard, most of the others were probably already curled up in bed, quietly waiting for the last few minutes before the server opened.

"It's about time, I'll go too!"

First, he ran to the toilet to release the water to his heart's content. Then, Qin Sheng returned to his room and connected the gaming equipment with familiarity. He lay quietly on the bed with a delighted look on his face. "Thankfully, I still have two hours of gaming time. I can play all the way until midnight. Then, on a new day, when the gaming time is restored, I can play to my heart's content again. It's really awesome!"

A few minutes later!

The time was exactly 22!

Fate Dimension, the game has started!

"Enter the game!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately activated the game's connection device, not wasting a second!

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Ignoring the system's routine prompt, Qin Sheng took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and activated the Sword Qi Cross effect. He attacked the seven or eight skeletons that had been spawned and were currently surrounding him.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

There were only seven or eight level 15 ordinary monsters. There was nothing Qin Luo could do to them. After his speed was completely suppressed, as long as he could not form an encirclement, he would not even be able to touch a strand of hair on Qin Luo's body. He was toyed with and died one after another under the sword.

"F*ck, another patch of white?"

After killing the skeleton monster, he took a look at the ground. Apart from the coins, there were no other coins. Qin Sheng could not help but scold the poor guy in his heart. However, he still picked up the scattered copper coins and continued to use the online collection technique.

'Ding… Cannot be collected!

Qin Sheng:…

He really didn't scream wrongly!

It was fine if his equipment did not drop, but he did not even have any money on him. To be poor to this extent, wasn't this too much?

"Should I go somewhere else to level up?"

Qin Luo Sheng was very depressed.

Experience was important, but so were equipment and materials!

After all!

He still had a small shop that was in short supply. If he dropped equipment, he could sell it directly. If he collected materials, he could also use it to refine weapons!

"Forget it, I'll leave it here!"

After weighing the pros and cons, Qin Luo gave up on the idea of changing the place. Here, he was still the only one who could enjoy the entire group of monsters. He could not guarantee anything else.

"This place has never been visited by players before, so it can be considered as pioneering, right? In that case, there should be a wild BOSS, and it's a BOSS with one HP left. It must drop something good!"

Thinking of the Boss, Qin Sheng felt a little itchy again.

Although the Jungle Scamper Set on him was still very powerful and there was no need to update it, it was not completely impossible to update it. What if a stronger equipment dropped? Even if he had to give up the attributes of the set, he had to change it!

"If I remember correctly, the mass grave must have changed recently. If that's the case, a powerful BOSS must have appeared here or a rare treasure must have appeared. Otherwise, this wouldn't have happened!"

The more Qin Luo Sheng thought about it, the more he felt that it made sense. His eyes were shining because he could smell the scent of a hidden mission.

Keep going—

The number of skeletons that had died miserably under his hands was uncountable, and he could no longer count how many there were!

"No Boss?"

After clearing the entire area, he reached the end. Not to mention the Boss, he did not even encounter any elite monsters or strengthening monsters. This made Qin Luo Sheng feel very unhappy. Even though the experience points that had already increased by more than half were quite fragrant, without the Boss, there was a little less taste. Well, it was not perfect.

"Eh, there's a small path here?"

Standing at the end of the mass grave, Qin Luo, who had not given up, continued his search. In the end, his efforts paid off and he found a hidden path.

"Is the boss behind?"

A smile reappeared on his face as Qin Luo stepped forward without hesitation and followed the path forward bravely.

A few minutes later, his field of vision cleared up!

Qin Luo quickened his pace and rushed out from the path. What greeted his eyes was an area as wide as the mass grave behind the skeleton.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the hell?

Where was the boss?

Why are these things?

[Zombie]

Level: LV 15

Health Points: 40,000

Attack: 2,500

Defense: 800

Speed: 125

Skills: None

Introduction: An ordinary zombie. Originally, it was a dead person who was thrown into a mass grave. Due to the influence of death energy, the body that had yet to melt recovered and became a zombie. It had no consciousness, only instinct. It hated light, life, and flames.

Fuck!

Wasn't this Skeleton's clone monster? A slight change of appearance and a change of skin?

Compared to the Skeleton, its Attribute and Defense were slightly stronger. It was just that its Attack and Speed had been greatly reduced. However, it was still trash. It was not worth looking at.

"Do you want me to repeat the map?"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and held the two Epic-ranked single-handed swords tightly. His eyes were filled with killing intent as he advanced instead of retreating, charging towards the zombie crowd that had stiffened. "I want to see how many Mirror Image Maps you have and how big this mass grave is. I want to see if I can clear it all!"