Chapter 130: Purchasing A Shop

Farewell, City Lord!

Qin Luo Sheng picked up the referral letter, found the Bureau of Fangdu on the map, and headed straight there!

"A Weeping Soul Hero, right? I've long heard of your great name. Please take a seat!"

With the City Lord’s letter of introduction leading the way, the head of the Fang Capital Bureau personally came out to receive them, giving them enough face.

"This is the benefit of having someone up there!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh again.

"Lord Fang is too polite!"

When he heard the system notification ring beside his ear, he looked at the slightly plump chief of the Fangdu Bureau, who had a goatee and a beard of a tiger, before turning from a stranger to a sincere one. Qin Sheng smiled faintly and went straight to the point. "I've just arrived at Star Brilliance City and I really like this place. Therefore, I wish to purchase some property and a house. Sir, please enlighten me!"

"Haha, then you've come to the right place!"

Lord Fang stroked his beard and said with a smile: "As one of the nine main cities of the empire, under the wise guidance of the city lord, our Star Glory City is flourishing. Most of the commercial areas have already been sold or rented out, and we are also very tight on housing. However, since brother has spoken, then no matter what, I will find you a good place."

"Thank you, Brother!"

Talk to people, talk to ghosts, talk to ghosts.

Sometimes, the King of Hell was easy to deal with, but little ghosts were hard to deal with.

Even though Qin Luo had been chatting and laughing with an existence on the same level as the city lord a moment ago, he would not be stupid enough to raise his eyebrows at this little official in front of him and feel that his relationship with him had degraded.

Besides, he did not have the qualifications!

Indeed!

In the ancient feudal society, a government office like the Fangdu Bureau was insignificant. The authority it had was just a little bigger than sesame seeds. It could only be compared to small businessmen and ordinary citizens. That was all!

But Qin Sheng did not dare to underestimate him either!

This kind of local tyrant, an old fox in the bureaucracy, was usually the most well-informed, and his connections were not to be underestimated. If he secretly made things difficult for you, it would really be difficult!

Furthermore!

A government office like the Fangdu Bureau was closely related to the livelihood of the people. At least, it had the lifeline of the players.

Putting aside the housing, the impact of that shop was really too great!

Why would those big guilds invest so much money? Most of the time, they didn't even care about the price. It was as if they were burning money. Were they really stupid?

No!

Even if people were stupid, were the people behind the scenes the same?

Merchants don't get up early without benefits. Without benefits, you want to get a cent from them? Dream on!

The reason why there was an investment that was like burning money was because they believed that this investment could be earned back, and the profits were not small!

Where should he earn it?

All aspects!

The most important thing was to open the shop!

If he wanted to open a store, he would have to sell things. He would have to either sell low-interest and mass-produced goods to earn some hard-earned money. This kind of business was definitely not something that the capital tycoons would be interested in. It belonged to a small investment company or individual company.

Big capitalists were selling unique products!

After all, monopolies were the most profitable.

However, in order to monopolize the virtual game world, not only could money solve the problem, but one also had to rely on luck. For example, obtaining unique blueprints, formulas, and so on. Other people did not have them, but other than you, there was no other account. Then, you could take advantage of it and earn big money!

But no one could guarantee that they would be able to get their hands on an exclusive product and monopolize the market!

So!

They could only settle for the next best thing and spend money crazily in the early stages of the game to nurture talents. At that time, other competitors who did not have a lot of money to invest could only watch helplessly as others made better products, circulated the market, snatched customers, and earned big money. If they were lucky, they could drink some soup, but if they were unlucky, they could not even drink soup.

Qin Luo Sheng had obtained the Pearl of Inheritance from Old Wang and raised his weapon refinement skills to a high level. It far surpassed the professional assistant players at this stage. Even those who relied on money could not compare to him!

Now that he had the technology, the divine tool, the wrought iron hammer, and ten unique blueprints, didn't he deserve to be rich?

Take a step back!

Even if he didn’t do any of this, he would still be able to earn back the money he had invested in the store in the future. Moreover, he would be able to make a huge profit. Therefore, no matter what, he would definitely buy the store.

"Come, Brother, take a look. These are all specially left behind by me. The location is excellent!"

Lord Fang spread out a map and pointed at the mark with a wretched smile.

"Not bad!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he saw this.

This was really a good place!

At the front of the east, west, south, and north streets, not far from the resurrection point in the center of Star Glory City, the Blacksmith Shop, Pharmaceutical Shop, tailoring Shop, Provisions Shop, and other shops that players could not leave, the traffic was definitely going to explode.

"Brother, have you taken a fancy to this place? This is the best location. If not for the Imperial Court's ban, all the warriors left for you in the alternate realms would have been devoured by those guys. They wouldn't even leave a shop at the end of the street!"

Lord Fang smiled and said, “Although I have the City Lord’s recommendation letter and am quite close to you, with His Majesty’s orders, I can only follow the rules. If you don’t meet the requirements, then I can’t sell it to you!”

"Any other conditions?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he came to a realization. "That's true. If there are no conditions, how can these shops be guaranteed to be here? They would have long been booked by those rich big shots!"

"If you want to buy a shop, you need to spend 5,000 Reputation Points. This is the premise. You can buy it again, but you can't buy more than four.

Lord Fang said, “It’s the same for housing, but housing isn’t that strict. You either have to spend 1000 reputation points or 1000 gold coins to replace it. Of course, each person is only limited to one house. You won’t sell it if you have more!”

Qin Luo Sheng secretly smacked his lips when he heard that!

Reputation points were not easy to obtain!

As long as they killed the Boss, they would be rewarded with Reputation Points at any level.

However!

This method was too slow. Even if it was him, after killing so many BOSSes, he would only gain two to three thousand reputation points!

And now, he had more than 17,000 Reputation points. Most of them were from completing missions, especially on television. The System gave him the most Reputation points.

However!

This was only an exception for him. The majority of ordinary players had less than three digits of Reputation, and these Reputation Points were probably obtained from the Training Grounds. After all, there would definitely be a Boss for them to kill in the dungeon!

"The heavens are really helping me!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up!

If other people did not have Reputation Points and could not buy the shop, wouldn't that be letting him off easy? Even if he bought it and did not do anything, just investing, with a little bit of manipulation, he would be able to scrape off a layer of skin from those big shots. If he did not pay ten times the difference, it would be considered his loss.

"Then, Brother, how much are these shops worth?"

Lord Fang smiled and said, “It’s not expensive, just ten thousand gold coins!”

It was only 10,000 gold coins!

It was just gold coins!

Just that!

Already!