Chapter 132: Life Prayer

"Is this the place?"

Qin Luo Sheng stood on a tall hill overlooking the basin below. Skeleton soldiers were wandering back and forth, and the blood that he had not felt for a long time began to boil again.

A mass grave!

About twenty kilometers to the west of Star Glory City was originally an ordinary-looking mass grave. Not long ago, for some unknown reason, an anomaly occurred, and it became the world of monsters. Dark clouds covered the sky above, and hundreds of ghosts ran rampant below. In broad daylight, chilly winds blew, and ghosts wailed and wolves howled. It had already become a dead zone, and no one dared to approach it.

"Are the monsters here level-15?"

Qin Luo Sheng took out the map and looked at the markings on it. After confirming it once more, he put it away. At the same time, he took out the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Looking around, he found a small path and slid down.

"No one? That's great!"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he took a closer look at his surroundings and found that there were indeed no other players around.

It would be best if no one robbed him!

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

As soon as his feet landed on the ground, Qin Sheng attracted the monster's attention. The few skeletons that had been wandering aimlessly earlier twisted their skeletal bodies and let out strange sounds of bones rubbing against each other as they rushed towards him. The ghastly flames in their pitch-black eyes made one's heart palpitate.

“Too dazzling? This really is a headache! Life and death have never been tolerated since ancient times. This type of problem really cannot be changed!”

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the necklace that was hanging around his neck. It was shining with dense life force. It was also the main culprit that had attracted the attention of the surrounding skeletons. He felt very helpless!

If not for the fact that its life force was too dense, it would not have attracted the attention of the skeletons ten meters away. The introduction on the map said that the lowest level skeleton monster only had a 5-meter aggro range!

"Forget it, so be it. This is a life-saving treasure, I can't change it!"

Qin Luo Sheng held his dual swords in his hands and was ready for battle. "Besides, a mere level 15 little skeleton can easily kill a leveling monster. That's nothing!"

[Life Prayer]

Type: Necklace

Grade: Epic

Requirement: None

Effect: Constitution + 100, Spirit + 80

Special Effect: [Light of Life] is affected by the rich life force, recovering 1% of its health every second!

Special Effect: [Life Force] Life. Abhorred by death. Attacked by a death-type monster. Injury increased by 20%. Damage increased by 50% when attacking a dark-type creature. Negative effects have a huge increase!

Additional Skill: [Blessing of the Goddess of Life] is blessed by the Goddess of Life. After dying, it will revive on the spot. Health Points will be restored to 50%. It can only take effect once a day!

Introduction: It's said to be a necklace worn by the Goddess of Life. It's tainted with the aura of the Goddess of Life. Whoever wears it will receive the blessings of the Goddess of Life. Their body will be filled with vitality and possess the heaven-defying ability to revive from the dead!

An Epic Super Necklace!

That's right!

This was the secret treasure bestowed by the emperor, the so-called imperial treasury!

It was indeed a treasure. The [Life Prayer] did not fail to live up to its name.

It was such a bug!

As high as 180 attribute points, he could recover 1% of his health every second, double-edged sword that dealt damage to the Death Attribute, and a heaven-defying resurrection ability!

When Qin Sheng saw the attributes of the [Life Suppliant], he finally understood the deep meaning behind the City Lord's words. He knew what that "His Majesty's Heart of Protection" meant.

He had taken out all the treasures that could be resurrected. It seemed that the emperor, whom he had never met, was really afraid that he would die prematurely!

"If there's a chance in the future, I have to thank the emperor in person. I accept the favor of [Life Prayer]!"

Probing skill!

[Skeleton]

Level: LV 15

Health Points: 30,000

Attack: 2800

Defense: 500

Speed: 180

Skills: None

Introduction: Ordinary skeletons are revived due to the influence of death energy. They have no consciousness, only instinct. They hate light, life, and fire.

"As expected, it's a level 15 monster. However, its attributes are quite impressive. It's comparable to a level 10 normal Gold Boss. If its level is high, will its attributes increase so much?"

Qin Sheng was somewhat surprised to see the information sent back by the detection technique!

No wonder there weren't many players here. The environment was just one factor. The biggest reason was probably because the monsters were too strong. In addition, killing monsters above one's level would weaken one's ability. It was the right choice not to come here to level up.

However!

This does not include me, Qin Sheng!

Even without the Life Prayer, a bunch of mindless skeletons were nothing more than a pile of rotten bones. What was there to fear?

"Sword Aura, activate effect!"

The Blade Aura whistled, the azure Blade Aura of [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and the blood-red Blade Aura of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] slashed out from two meters away, accurately landing on the skeletons surrounding them, causing huge damage.

-4388!

-4,612!

Oh!

A good start!

Two Critical Hits were unleashed at once. It seemed like the effects of [Life Prayer] were really strong. The negative effects had been greatly enhanced. Was it possible that his Critical Hits were equivalent to 100% Critical Hits when he was facing death-type monsters?

"One is too slow, let's do it together!"

Upon seeing the damage caused by the explosion, Qin Sheng instantly calmed down and swelled up in an instant. He no longer focused on attacking one, but instead turned his gaze to the three skeletons surrounding him. He attacked whoever he could as easily as he could, relying on his nimble movements to easily toy with the cripple whose speed was less than 200. He could not even touch him.

In less than a minute, all three skeletons collapsed!

Ding… you have leveled up. Health + 50, Mana + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 Free Attribute Points!

Ding… you have leveled up. Health + 50, Mana + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 Free Attribute Points!

Ding… you have leveled up. Health + 50, Mana + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 Free Attribute Points!

Three monsters, three levels in a row!

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly thrilled!

This was not a bug, nor was it a cheat. It was his accumulation in the Beginner's Village!

According to the rules of the Beginner's Village, the highest level was only level 10. After reaching level 10, even if the EXP was full, it could not break through to level 11!

Qin Luo Sheng had long since reached Level 10. After completing so many missions and killing so many monsters and Bosses, he had accumulated an unknown amount of experience points!

Now!

After entering Star Glory City, the level restriction no longer existed.

The moment he killed the skeleton and obtained the EXP, he had already fulfilled the level requirement for leveling up. He immediately leveled up!

The three skeletons gained experience three times, which was just enough to use up all the extra experience points they had stored. They leveled up three times in a row!

He jumped from Level 10 to Level 13, 22%!

Awesome!