Chapter 131: Set A Small Goal

(╯ ‵ □ ′) ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻

"Brother, isn't this a little too expensive?"

The corner of Qin Luo's mouth twitched as he forced out a smile. "I really can't afford such a huge sum of money. Do you think there's any way to make an exception?"

As she said that, she subtly handed him a red packet!

"Ding! You have lost 100 gold coins!"

Qin Sheng's heart was bleeding as he watched the smiling Lord Fang take away the red packet swiftly and disappear into his wide sleeves in the blink of an eye.

100 gold coins!

This was a huge investment!

If this fatty in front of him did not give him a satisfactory explanation, he would chop him up even if it meant rebelling!

"Brother, you're too kind!"

Fortunately, Lord Fang was an honest person. After receiving the red packet, he immediately carried out his task, "It is normal for new warriors from your alternate realms to not be able to take out such a huge sum of money. However, it is not that there is no solution."

Qin Qin Sheng did not say anything. He just looked at him, waiting for the next words.

"The Imperial Court once issued a decree to suppress the heroes of the world. As long as you kill an existence deemed to be a threat to humanity, you will receive corresponding rewards!"

Lord Fang said, "Because the rewards required by different people are also different, the Imperial Court's distribution of rewards was once a headache. Afterwards, His Majesty specially set up a bounty department to replace contribution points with reputation points. He also marked the price of the reward items for exchange. This way, the chaotic situation no longer exists. Whatever you want, you can exchange for it yourself."

"I see that you have more than 10,000 Reputation Points. One Reputation Point can replace 1 gold coin. Therefore, you only need to pay a total of 15,000 Reputation Points. Then, you can take any of the best shops in the East, West, South and North streets without spending a single cent."

Shit?

There was actually such a thing?

Wouldn't that be free service?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his reputation of over 17,000 points and instantly fell into ecstasy!

…

Ten minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the Bureau of Fangdu in large strides. His reputation points dropped from five to four digits, only slightly more than 2,000. However, he had a title deed in his hand.

"From now on, this is my Qin Sheng!"

Qin Luo ran all the way to the south of Starlight City. He felt extremely comfortable as he looked at the shop that was about two hundred meters away from the resurrection point, adjacent to the four official shops, two small floors, and a courtyard that was about 500 square meters.

He had only paid a hundred gold coins for the red packet, but he had not even paid a single copper coin after that. This shop, which was worth at least tens of millions of yuan, had been bought for free. It was like a dream.

Creak!

With the deed, Qin Luo Sheng became the owner of the small shop on the second floor. Naturally, he had all the authority. With a gentle push, he pushed open the locked door.

"System, renovate the house!"

Summoning the omnipotent system, in an instant, a display of finished renovations with a price tag appeared before his eyes!

"So freaking expensive!"

Qin Sheng's lips twitched as he glanced at Qin Luo.

The cheapest one looked like it cost 100 gold coins to renovate a dangerous house?

This was practically robbery!

"System, let's do this. Simple Chinese style!"

It seemed that no matter how much he looked at it, Qin Sheng had held his breath and chosen a style that he could afford and was more pleasing to the eye. For this, he paid 500 gold coins!

After resolving the renovation problem, he looked at the gold coins in his backpack and Qin Sheng strangling the employee to death. Firstly, it was too expensive. Secondly, the renovation had not been completed yet. It was a little too early to recruit people now. Furthermore, there were no products. Why would he spend money to hire people? Was he daydreaming?

"Opening a shop is just a side issue. It's fine to just play around in the business. Anyway, this shop is also an investment. It won't be a loss!"

Coming out of the store, Qin Sheng walked towards the pharmacy at the side, preparing to buy some medicine. "One should not forget one's roots. Otherwise, the shadow warrior will cry!"

"I've been delayed for almost two hours. I can't waste any more time. Yatu should be at least Level 12 now, right? I can't be too behind!"

At the thought of leveling up, Qin Sheng felt his entire body heating up!

Indeed!

Battle is the meaning of our existence!

Intermediate Health Potion: Regenerates 100 Health Points per second for 15 seconds!

Intermediate Magic Potion: Restores 100 Mana Points per second for 15 seconds!

[Elementary Health Potion: Recovers 500 Health Points instantly! Cooldown time is 5 seconds!]

[Elementary Magic Potion: Instant Recovery of 500 Mana Points! Cooldown time is 5 seconds!]

Mantou: After eating it, decrease hunger by 30%!

Meat buns: Reduce hunger by 50!

Clear water: Drink water, no effect!

First, he bought potions from the pharmacy. He made two sets of four types of potions, a total of 800 bottles, and spent more than 200 gold coins. Then, he went to the food shop to replenish some supplies.

Ever since the Hunger System was opened, things like steamed buns and steamed buns became necessities. If he didn't buy them, he could only wait to starve to death!

After replenishing his supplies, Qin Luo Sheng subconsciously swung his arm and performed a miracle of starlight!

Take another look!

Enhanced Intermediate Health Potion: Restores 300 Health Points per second for 15 seconds!

[Enhanced Beginner Health Potion: Instant Recovery of 1,000 Health Points! Cooldown time is 5 seconds!]

Hmm!

Not bad!

The miracle of starlight was truly awesome!

"Eh, wait, I seem to have discovered something incredible!"

Qin Luo put the potion back into his backpack and was about to leave when a thought flashed through his mind!

"After the enhancement, this potion is much stronger than the official shop. Isn't this my unique product?"

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered, and his face immediately flushed red. "Apart from potions, there's also equipment. Buy it from players at a low price, or directly from the System Shop. Then, use the Starlight Miracle Substance to elevate its grade, strengthen its abilities, and then sell it at a price several or even dozens of times higher…"

A low-budget transaction!

Extremely high profits!

It was even faster than selling firearms!

"F*ck your investment. What nonsense are you thinking about? With the Starlight Miracle in hand, it's easy for me to become the richest man!"

However!

Now was not the time!

Even if the goods were good, they had to sell them!

At this stage of the game, each player was poorer than the other. Potions were necessary consumables and were not used unless absolutely necessary. It was too difficult to extract oil from them!

"Just wait, it won't be long!"

Qin Luo shrugged, unimpressed. "The government has long been jealous of the enormous economic value of the Fated World. It's just that the time has not yet come and there's nothing they can do."

"As more players enter the main city, the official leek harvesting day is about to arrive. It just so happens that I need some time to prepare. At that time, when the Feast of Taotie begins, the officials will eat meat, and I can also drink some soup."

"Yeah, let's set a small target first. We can earn 100 million from him in a day!"