Chapter 133: System Update

"As expected of a hidden job and super-god talent. If outsiders see the attributes of this level up, they will probably collapse!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at his stats window and pondered for a moment. In the end, he chose to add all his stats points to Strength. With a total of 78 points of Strength injected, his Attack Power instantly increased by another level.

After reaching level 10, they left the novice stage. At this time, because they had officially changed their jobs, they had different paths forward. They were no longer leveling up "Health + 10, Mana + 10, and Free Attribute Points". Instead, they were divided in more detail.

Warriors would gain corresponding Health Points. At the same time, other than the 5 Free Attribute Points that remained unchanged, they would also gain additional Strength and Constitution bonuses!

Thieves, Archers, Magicians, Priests, and Summoners would also increase their attributes according to the corresponding vocation abilities!

As a hidden job, the Shadow Warrior was definitely stronger than ordinary jobs. Its Health Points would increase by 40 points, its Strength and Agility would increase by 2 points, and its Free Attribute Points would increase by 4 points. It was indeed powerful! (Out of 24 Free Attribute Points, 20 points was the ability of the Lord of the Stars)

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Qin Sheng had just distributed the attribute points and had yet to continue searching for prey when suddenly, the bones of the three skeletons that had just been hacked to death shifted and emitted a strange sound again. Under his stunned gaze, they actually regrouped and stood up again.

"What? Transformers?"

Qin Luo Sheng ridiculed, "Is this a f*cking monster from the Undead Clan? If he can revive infinitely, what's the point of fighting?"

I can't afford to offend you. Farewell!

"Eh, something doesn't seem right…"

Just as Qin Luo was feeling a chill in his heart and was about to leave, he suddenly thought of something. He turned to look at the three resurrected skeleton monsters as a strange glint flickered in his eyes. "In any case, it's just leveling up, isn't it training wherever it goes? If this skeleton monster can revive infinitely, wouldn't that be perfect? Wouldn't there be no need to change locations?"

-5,504!

-5488!

Without any hesitation, the two sword beams slashed over!

"This damage doesn't seem right!"

Qin Sheng frowned in confusion when he saw that the damage value had exceeded 5,000 points. If he remembered correctly, there were only 4,000 plus points earlier. Why was there an additional 1,000 points?

An increase in strength after the upgrade?

That wouldn't do either!

With 78 points of Strength converted into 78 points of Attack, how could he deal an additional four-digit amount of damage?

Probing skill!

[Skeleton]

Level: LV 15

Health: 24,000

Attack: 2240

Defense: 400

Speed: 144

Skills: None

Introduction: Ordinary skeletons are revived due to the influence of death energy. They have no consciousness, only instinct. They hate light, life, and fire.

Indeed!

Upon seeing the skeleton monster's attributes, Qin Sheng finally understood why!

Even though the Undead monsters had the ability to revive and had full abilities on the home ground, it was not without cost. The price of revival points was a 20% reduction in all attributes, which was why they suffered almost 1,000 more damage than before.

Less than a minute!

The three skeletons fell again!

Ding… You have killed a level 15 skeleton. You have received 800 experience points! '

F*ck!

Did his experience points decrease by 20%? That was a whole 1,000 points!

"This is a little draggy!"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little dissatisfied. Wasn't this still a f*cking experience? Why did he have to do this? F*ck.

"Forget it, let's continue. If we meet Skeleton again, I'll only kill him once!"

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

A familiar voice rang out once again. Qin Sheng turned his head in disbelief and looked at the three skeletons that had turned into a pile of bones. He was revived.

Could it be that these guys could revive infinitely?

Probing skill!

[Skeleton]

Level: LV 15

Health: 18,000

Attack: 1,680

Defense: 300

Speed: 108

Skills: None

Introduction: Ordinary skeletons are revived due to the influence of death energy. They have no consciousness, only instinct. They hate light, life, and fire.

As expected, all attributes dropped by 20%!

After a few slashes, the three skeletons were once again defeated!

Ding… You have killed a level 15 skeleton. You have received 600 experience points! '

Qin Sheng:…

"Alright, I want to see how many times you can revive!"

Qin Sheng, whose curiosity had been piqued, stopped moving as well. He stood where he was, gazing at the pile of bones on the ground, waiting for their performance.

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

666!

When he revived again, all his attributes dropped by 20%!

In less than ten seconds, he killed it quickly and obtained a further weakened 400 EXP!

A few seconds later—

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

The three skeletons were alive again!

This time, they were only left with 20% of all attributes. They were so weak that they were not even comparable to a normal level 10 monster. With one slash, Qin Sheng killed them instantly.

A few seconds later!

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Qin Sheng:…

"I'm convinced!"

Looking at the skeleton monster that had stood up for the fifth time, Qin Sheng surrendered completely. He took a glance and as expected, the skeleton monster's all attributes had been reduced to zero during this resurrection. It had been reduced to a useless piece of trash. It was likely that it could not even defeat a chicken!

Ding… You have killed a level 15 skeleton monster. You have gained 1 experience point! '

1 experience point?

If it wasn't for the fact that there was no 0 points, would he not have given it to her?

"I can't revive this time, right?"

Qin Sheng stood rooted to the ground in a daze for more than a minute. When he saw that the cockroach-like skeleton monster had finally stopped moving, he heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, it was not an unlimited revival.

This guy could only revive five times at most. Each time he revived, his attributes would decrease by 20% and his strength would get weaker. After five times, all his attributes would be depleted and he would really die.

"What an interesting Undead!"

Glancing at the bones on the ground, Qin Sheng ignored this worthless thing.

He raised his head and looked around at the densely packed skeleton monsters. He narrowed his eyes and had the urge to rush up and open up Wushuang.

However!

Thinking of the [Life Prayer] hanging around his neck, he dismissed the thought.

If they really caused such a huge commotion, in addition to the life force that was full of aggro with the death type, it would definitely cause a riot. Ten or twenty skeletons were not a problem, but they were afraid that over a hundred or even a thousand would come. If they could not kill them, they would be exhausted to death.

"It's better to develop wretchedly! I'm here to level up, not to be tortured!"

Shaking off his unrealistic thoughts, Qin Sheng moved to the right. There, the skeleton monsters were sparsely distributed. Even if there was a commotion, it would not cause a brawl.

Three hours later!

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Hu…

Bathed in the upgraded golden light, Qin Luo Sheng's fatigue was swept away and his condition returned to full!

"That's all for now. It's time to eat!"

Sweeping his gaze behind him and seeing the bones all over the ground, Qin Sheng considered for a moment. He did not return to the city but found a remote corner and chose to log off!

"Ding! Announcement from all over the world. Announcement from all over the world. As the number of players who have officially changed their jobs exceeds one billion, the system is about to be updated. Open the next version. All players are to exit the game within five minutes!"

Ding…

Ding…