Chapter 149: Special Materials: Thousand-Year Grudge

Ding… You have single-handedly killed a level 20 strengthened Gold Boss, Flying Heaven General—Iron Zombie. EXP gained: 120W + Reputation, 1,200 points! '

Hiss…

Ignoring the cold and emotionless prompt from the system, Qin Sheng looked at the gradually dissipating thunderclouds and then at the iron zombie whose entire body was emitting smoke and without a single piece of flesh. At this moment, it had already lost its symbol of life, and suddenly gasped.

How terrifying!

Was this the power of a high-level item?

I got it!

"Isn't this too much of a bug?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but sigh. "No matter what, it's still a Level 20 Gold-tier BOSS. Did he just kill it with a talisman? Although a large part of it is attribute suppression, the damage is indeed one B!"

"I've earned it this time. Although it's quite painful to lose a Strengthening Lightning Talisman, at least I didn't spend too much effort to get rid of another Boss. It saved me a lot of stamina!"

Qin Sheng moved his legs and ran toward the Iron Zombie. "I didn't know that you had such a powerful weapon in your hands. It's quite pessimistic. Now it seems that the one who should be afraid is the mastermind, right?"

"Heh, although I'm not strong enough, I have money. If I can't kill you, I'll blast you with thunder, burn you with fire, and blow you up with Sky Tremor Bomb… There are so many props, there should be one suitable, right?"

Qin Luo smiled arrogantly as he arrived at the place where the iron zombie lay.

"Mmm, this taste is really strong!"

As soon as he stepped into the range, Qin Sheng pinched his nose in an instant. That strange enhanced version of corpse odor almost made him vomit on the spot.

"Damn, this is really disgusting!"

For the first time, Qin Luo found the starlight on the ground distasteful and did not want to pick it up.

However!

Thinking of the red Grandpa Mao, he held back his disgust and threw the equipment and items into his backpack.

"F*ck, the game is too realistic. Sometimes, it's a problem!"

The spoils of war were cleared, but Qin Luo did not leave this place that was filled with the stench of corpses. In any case, he had been here for so long that he seemed to have gotten used to it. Since that was the case, then he would squeeze out all the value of it. He did not want to let down the good intentions of Old Brother Steel, who had gone thousands of miles to give away his head.

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding, successful collection. You have received: Special Human Skin x1!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Human skin?

F*ck!

Upon hearing the notification from the system and seeing the human skin suddenly appear in his hands, Qin Sheng was so frightened that he almost lost it!

[Special Human Skin]

Type: Materials

Grade: Intermediate

Effect: Tailor

Introduction: A very special human skin. It is soft, light, and like paper. However, it is extremely tough and has a high defense. Not only can it defend against swords and spears, it also has a certain resistance to various elements. It is very rare!

What the heck?

And this was a special intermediate material?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

"Why does this thing look like the skin of the metal zombie?"

After taking a look at the introduction, Qin Sheng was not so afraid anymore. On the contrary, he was very curious. After scrutinizing it carefully, he realized that the special human skin was actually greenish-black, the same color as the iron zombie's skin. This made him understand instantly.

"What a waste of such a special material. I can only keep it in my backpack for now!"

As a normal person, he would naturally keep his distance from human skin. However, as a high-level refiner, he was naturally ecstatic to receive such a special material.

"One of the 10 blueprints that Old Man Wang gave me can be used, but it's too high-level. With my current level, I shouldn't be able to fully understand the contents of the blueprint and successfully refine the treasure. Furthermore, the materials required are too many and too precious. It's not something that players can come into contact with at this stage of the game. I can only delay it."

Continue collecting—

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

Ding… Gathering successful. You have received: Bloodthirsty Fang * 2!

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

'Ding… Collected successfully. You have received: 1000-year grievous energy *!

"Ding… Current target is unavailable!"

Thanks to doing whatever he wanted with the skeleton, his proficiency in the Collecting Skill increased by quite a bit. This time, the harvesting of the iron corpse was much smoother. In less than three minutes, he had gathered everything he could.

Efeckt!

[Bloodthirsty Fangs]

Type: Materials

Grade: Intermediate

Effect: Forging, Alchemy

Introduction: The fangs of a thousand-year-old zombie. It has absorbed the blood of countless living creatures and is contaminated with extremely heavy baleful aura. It has a wide range of uses. Cutting it off can increase the bloodthirsty ability of weapons or grind it into powder to refine special medicines!

[Thousand Years of Resentment]

Type: Materials

Grade: High

Effect: Weapon Forging

Introduction: It contains the resentment of countless living beings and has been nurtured for a thousand years. It's extremely terrifying and can be used to refine weapons. It can be used as the energy core of magical equipment!

"Finally, a high-grade material that can be used to refine weapons has arrived?"

Tears streamed down Qin Luo Sheng's face. He had forgotten about the bloodthirsty fangs and whatnot. His eyes could only contain a small ball of greyish resentment that was like cotton candy.

What was refining weapons?

Artifacts!

Refining weapons was refining tools!

Sabers, spears, clubs, helmets, gloves, shoes, necklaces, rings, cloaks, and so on were all considered props!

Learning the art of refining was equivalent to learning all kinds of equipment!

Of course!

Learning was learning, but in this game world, without blueprints, everything was useless.

That's right!

The level of the skill was very important, but the most important thing was still the blueprint. High freedom did not mean absolute freedom. Without the blueprint, one could not even forge the most basic wooden sword.

"I have another target now!"

Qin Luo was filled with confidence.

Although Advanced Weapon Refinement Masters were considered to be extremely powerful, they were still in the mortal realm and were merely at the peak of the mortal realm.

If he wanted to refine something that was different from others and had special abilities, he would have to improve it further. He would have to upgrade his Advanced Weapon Forging Technique to Master Level or Grandmaster Level. Otherwise, it would be a waste of a precious material like the thousand-year grievous energy.

"Hmm, it's still too early to think about this. I haven't learned how to walk yet, so don't think about learning how to run first. After I'm done with this trip, I'll find some materials to practice with and familiarize myself with them first!"