Chapter 141: Slaying Ghost Skeleton (3)

"Sword qi crisscrossing, effect 1!"

-32,117!

A majestic sword qi shot out and struck the ghost skeleton.

“Oh, still not dead?”

After one slash, Ghost Skeleton's health points had already fallen to rock bottom. The only bit of health left was still hanging on Qin Sheng's arm. He raised his brows and, without another word, sent an attack forward!

-6,338!

With a casual blow, the skeleton landed on the ground. Before it could counterattack, its HP bar was already emptied.

“As expected, he didn’t die!?”

Qin Luo Sheng, the monster of the Undead Clan, did not think that Gui Ku would die just like that. Even his underling, an ordinary skeleton, had five chances to revive, let alone his boss.

"This is a little difficult!"

Qin Luo had a slight headache.

Normal Skeletons did not matter. If they revived five times, they would kill five times. However, Ghost Skeleton was different. He was a Level 20 Gold Boss. With such attributes, it would be difficult to reduce all attributes by 20% after reviving.

“Brat, this general possesses an undying body. You think that you can kill me?”

The ghost fire burned, and Gui Ku revived as expected.

Probing skill!

[Skeleton General—Skeleton (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: LV 20

Health Points: 300,000

Attack: 3900

Defense: 1,200

Speed: 192

Skills:???

Introduction: Ghost Skeleton. Unknown origins. The first Undead Skeleton that was born in the mass grave absorbed the resentment of countless corpses that were thrown into the mass grave. It plundered the Yin energy and gradually strengthened itself. In the end, it became the ruler of the Skeleton Territory and called itself the Skeleton General. Not long ago, an abnormality occurred in the mass grave. Ghost Skeleton joined the mysterious person and became a general under him. Together with two other experts, they attacked the Rose Knight Legion that came to investigate. They captured their commander, Luo Li, and prepared for a special ceremony.

"All attributes have been reduced by 20% too? Even the severe injury from the Berserk Strike, the 20% attribute reduction still exists?"

With a glance, the ghost skeleton's attributes were completely exposed!

Having lost 40% of all his attributes, he had completely lost the ability to fight against Qin Sheng. It was just that…

"Ding… Roaming Snake Step effect complete!"

Ding… Spiritual Movement Effect completed!

"Ding… Heavenly Wolf's effect has ended!"

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

Why did it have to come at this time? The system sure knew how to pick the time.

“The silver lining is that my augmentation skill’s effect time is up, and the Ghost Skeleton’s attributes have also decreased greatly. This can be considered as returning to the starting point, right? Weakening together means that everyone is still the same as before, on the same level as before, and still competing in strength.”

Qin Sheng moved and attacked as he compared himself to the attributes of the skeletons.

Even without the support of the two speed enhancement skills, his movements were a little sluggish and not as smooth as before, but with his current speed, he was still able to crush the skeleton. It was just that it was not as obvious as before, and the difference was not that great, so he had to split up more time to move, move, and dodge, causing the frequency of attacks to greatly decrease.

"Useless brat, no matter how many times you attack me or how many times you kill me, I will always be able to revive. Everything you do is useless!"

Gui Ku kept brandishing his large saber and following behind Qin Sheng. He was completely led by the nose by Qin Sheng, causing him to cry out in anger. However, his mouth did not show mercy as he madly smacked his lips. "You can kill this general once or twice, but can you kill this general ten or a hundred times? I'm afraid that you'll be exhausted after one or two more times, right? At that time, watch how this general will skin you alive!"

Qin Luo Sheng paid no attention to it. He was unaffected by the low-level mental attacks of the skeleton and continued his fierce attacks!

Not long after, the skeleton's health dropped to 20%. Qin Sheng was on high alert, but nothing happened.

"Could it be that when the Ghost Skeleton's health points dropped to 20%, it summoned a wave of skeletons, and that was considered an outburst? This time, it revived and did not even have any skills, so weak?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but grumble, "It's a Level 20 Gold Boss after all. Can the dog system be more attentive? Can such a dish be released to embarrass itself?"

"However, that revival ability is indeed quite disgusting. It's at least comparable to two explosive abilities!" Qin Sheng, who had instantly swelled up, instantly recalled the abilities of Ghost Skeleton and immediately felt a headache. "Although I know that this fellow is probably bragging, there's no need to be afraid. If this fellow can really revive indefinitely, that would be terrible!"

His body was fighting, his mind was thinking of strategies. Qin Sheng was multitasking, but no matter how he thought about it, he could not think of a solution. He could only set it aside and focus on the battle for the time being.

Without the threat of a skill, Qin Luo Sheng's attacks became berserk. The frequency of his attacks increased by quite a bit, suppressing the skeleton to the point where it could not parry. From the beginning of his pursuit, it became an unlimited defense. In the end, he was beaten into a rage and decided not to defend at all. He opened his middle gate wide and allowed the attacks to come, while he resisted the attacks to counterattack.

Three minutes later!

The battle had ended!

The skeleton's HP bar was emptied once again and it fell to the ground!

"Is he reviving again?"

Qin Luo placed his sword on the ground and panted heavily. Even though it had only been a few minutes, the continuous high-intensity battles were still too much for him.

"Eh, that is?"

He raised his head and looked at the place where the skeletons had collapsed. The bones started moving on their own, and this familiar rhythm was obviously about to revive again. When Qin Sheng stood up and prepared to receive the next battle, he suddenly saw a strange red glow from the ghastly bones.

"…Is that the ghost fire in the eye sockets of the skeleton?"

Upon taking a closer look, Qin Sheng recognized what that strange red light was.

"Ghost fire?"

“Bones?”

"Ghost fire?"

“Bones?”

"Ghost fire?"

“Bones?”

Qin Qin Sheng knitted his brows tightly as he mumbled continuously.

Suddenly!

His entire body shook!

"Shadow Assault!"

With a flash of his body, Qin Sheng instantly disappeared from his original spot. He passed through the layers of bones and appeared in front of the strange ghostly fire guarding the interior.

"Yes!"

A look of joy appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face. "The Shadow Assault has actually taken effect. In other words, this ghost fire is the target. That's right, this ghost fire can be attacked. It's not just a simple phosphorus fire, but the location of the ghost skeleton's soul. Perhaps it's because of this that the ghost skeleton can revive endlessly!"

“Shadow Slash!”

Qin Sheng was not sure if his guess was correct or not. Instead, he slashed forward.

What could be simpler than this?

Clang…

The ghostly fire was not the flames that he had imagined. It was actually a real body. Qin Sheng slashed down with his sword, and it was as if he had struck a blood-red stone. The enormous force of the rebound sent the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] in his hand flying.

Crack!

Qin Sheng ignored the excruciating pain in his hand, nor did he pick up the flying Coiling Dragon Li Water. He stared at the ghost fire and watched as Qin Sheng's powerful slash caused him to stop moving. Then, a crisp sound rang out from his body.

"It's done!"

Qin Luo snapped his fingers happily. A crack suddenly appeared in the middle of the exquisite will-o '-the-wisps. Then, like a domino, the crack shattered and spread across his entire body.

Bang…

An explosion!

The ghost flames completely collapsed and turned into powder. The pitiful ghost skeleton didn't even make a sound before it was finished!

Crash…

As the skeleton died, the bones that had been supporting it lost their source of energy and fell to the ground, motionless.

Ding… You have single-handedly killed a level 20 Gold Boss, Skeleton General—Ghost Skeleton. EXP gained: 100W + Reputation, 1000 points! '