Chapter 147: Dark Demon Fog

Shameless!

How shameless could he get?

He was originally a tank, but now he was acting like this?

Its Defense increased by 50%, and it could resist physical attacks by 20%?

Haha!

Dog System, why don't you die?

Swoosh…

Another beam of sword qi shot out, but—

-1864!

Damage!

Less than 2,000 points?!!

"F*ck, what the f*ck!"

Qin Luo was about to cry when he saw that there were still 40W + Health Points left!

"Such a powerful augmentation skill actually lasts for three minutes. This is simply illogical!"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth. "The dog system came out to take a beating! Life is already so difficult, yet you're still f*cking spouting nonsense. Why is the Boss' skill amplification time so long while us players are so short? MLGBD, are you discriminating?"

"Hahaha, little kid, why aren't you attacking?"

The iron zombie laughed crazily: "Quick, continue, come scratch my itch!"

"Are you very arrogant?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the iron zombie expressionlessly, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. "Do you really think I can't do anything to you? Heh, I didn't want to use this move at first. I'll leave it as a trump card and give it to your master behind you. Since you want to pretend to be a B, I'll let you experience it first!"

"Oh? Then I really want to experience it!"

The iron zombie had a look of disdain on his face, certain that Qin Sheng was bluffing, and sneered: "Come, your great iron zombie is waiting for you here!"

"Do you really think that you're invincible just because you've improved your defense and your ability to bear injuries?"

Qin Luo Sheng gently touched the medal on his chest and activated its ability. "You do the first and I do the last. If you can strengthen it, so can I."

Ding… Heart of Courage activated. Skill effect activated. All attributes + 50%. Duration: 1 minute! '

The system's clear prompt rang out. Qin Sheng instantly felt an indescribable surge of energy rising within his body.

All attributes increased by 50%?

This was an all-rounded enhancement. It was far stronger than the Diamond Body, which could only enhance defense!

"Come, grandson, the second half is starting. Let's continue!"

The sword qi weaved in and out, and it once again surged violently!

"What? Impossible!"

Sensing the strength of the sword energy, the iron corpse’s expression changed. Although it was not as fierce as before due to the reduction in its injuries, it was not much worse. If this continued, wouldn’t it return to the same state as before?

"Despicable brat!"

The iron zombie almost bit his teeth into pieces. He was extremely resentful, and he changed from a disdainful ‘little child’to a ‘little brat’ who gnashed his teeth in hatred. It was really interesting.

"Be good and become my target!"

Seeing the iron zombie move again in an attempt to chase after him, Qin Sheng said disdainfully, "You think you can catch me with your turtle shell skills?"

"Don't be too smug. I'm the Flying Heaven General!"

The iron zombie roared and stomped on the ground. Its body jumped several meters high as if it was flying.

"Flying Heaven General? He really knows how to flatter himself!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not even raise his eyelids as he sneered, "I initially thought that you were a flying zombie, so I was scared out of my wits. Never did I expect that you were just pretending to be a B * tch. What Flying Heavenly General? You're just a bronze-armored zombie. I've dealt with one of your kind before. Although I'm not as powerful as you, I'm still a bronze-armored zombie. It's easy to kill!"

“Bastard! You actually dare humiliate this general!?”

The exposed iron zombie flew into a rage out of humiliation and roared, "So what if it's a Bronze-Armored Corpse? This general will become the legendary flying zombie one day, or even the Drought Demon Ancestor."

"Oh!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was cold. "We'll talk after you succeed!"

"Humph! I'm afraid you won't be able to see that day. Today, you must die here for this general!"

The iron zombie roared fiercely.

"That's right, I won't be able to see that day!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in agreement. "I'll kill you today. How can I possibly see you evolve to the point where you dream of becoming a flying zombie?"

Qin Sheng did not know whether his words had disturbed the iron zombie's mentality or not. In any case, he was as steady as ever, a ruffian. The iron zombie's low-level tongue did not even cause a ripple in his heart.

"Damn brat, don't run if you have the guts!"

The iron zombie took out his unique skill of guarding the door and launched a surprise attack. However, it still did not achieve anything. After the 50% increase in all attributes, its speed had also increased. Qin Sheng, who had become more agile, could easily escape his attack range and counterattack continuously. The frequency of his attacks was not affected at all and he was stunned on the spot. He was so angry that his whole body trembled and he cried out loudly.

"Idiot!"

Qin Luo rolled his eyes at the metallic zombie and said in a peculiar tone, "On the battlefield, we're enemies. Do you still want me to give up my advantage to fight you head-on? Do you think you're the emperor? No way, no way!"

“Bastard!”

After being choked by Qin Sheng, the iron zombie lost most of his rationality and was thrown into disarray. He was like a mad dog whose eyes had turned red, chasing after anyone he caught. He was led by the nose like a headless fly.

This allowed Qin Sheng to gain an advantage and fight even more easily!

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

The strengthened sword beams continued to land on the iron zombie's body, creating a clear sound of metal colliding.

Even though the sword qi was sharp, the iron zombie's body was extremely strong. It could not break through his body at all. At most, it could only leave a small wound. This was after the sword qi overlapped many times before it was torn apart. It was only one sword qi. It was already not bad if it could leave a white mark.

Thirteen seconds later!

The Iron Zombie's health bar had officially dropped to 20%!

"Is it coming?"

Qin Luo Sheng had been on high alert since a long time ago. When he felt the critical point of his health points decreasing by 20%, alarm bells rang in his heart. He subconsciously restrained himself and was not as reckless as before.

“Dark Demon Mist!”

Indeed!

After its Health Points decreased to 20%, the iron zombie immediately stopped its pursuit. It opened its mouth with two sharp fangs and spread its arms. A special energy pulse rose.

"Quick, stop him!"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned as he watched the surrounding greyish mist gather and continuously flow towards the metal zombie. He was frantically absorbing it and was at a loss as to what to do. At this moment, Luo Li, who had been silent the entire time, spoke out anxiously.

“Stop him? What can I do to stop him?”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled bitterly.

Although the two swords in his hands were still swinging non-stop, and the damage was still the same, without any reduction at all, the Iron Zombie did not seem to care and just stood there for him to slash. It still had 16W + Health Points and could not be killed in a short period of time!

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

…