Chapter 148: Thunder Fall

"What the hell is this?"

Qin Luo's eyes suddenly widened as he looked at the series of green five-digit numbers above Gui Jiang's head in disbelief.

Every second!

Heals his health points!

10,000 points?

"He's consuming the power of darkness to heal his injuries. Stop him quickly. Otherwise, unless you have the confidence to kill him instantly in this environment, he will never die!"

Upon hearing Luo Li’s words, Qin Sheng’s expression immediately changed.

But so what?

Instant Kill was now a Gold Boss that had recovered to 20W + Health Points?

Are you kidding me?

"Is there no other way?"

Qin Luo Sheng turned to look at Luo Li with a face full of expectation.

"Yes!"

Luo Li seriously nodded her head as she replied, “That fellow’s original form is a zombie. He’s able to rely on absorbing fresh blood and absorbing a compatible darkness energy to treat his injuries. This is his advantage. However, it’s not that he doesn’t have any weaknesses. He’s afraid of the power of light, the power of life, the power of fire, and the lightning technique. As long as there’s one of them, you can stop him!”

Power of light?

Sorry!

I am not a Priest!

Life force?

I do!

[Life Prayer]!

However, the special effect of this thing was passive. The only active skill was the resurrection skill. It could only be used on oneself and was completely useless.

By relying on the little bit of power that he emitted, he could barely reach the level of killing the brat who had just received the bride. However, it was useless against a Boss like the iron zombie!

As for the power of fire and lightning!

I'm not a mage!

Eh!

Wait!

Something was wrong!

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly thought of something and hurriedly opened his backpack, rummaging through it!

[Divine Fire Talisman] burns an area of 8 * 8 meters, causing a certain amount of fire damage.

[Lightning Talisman] bombarded an area of 8 * 8 meters, causing a certain amount of lightning damage.

Aiya!

How could he have forgotten about them!

This was a good item. They had spent quite a bit of money to get it from Wu Lin. After the miraculous upgrade of the Starlight Miracle, it had become even more powerful and had a wider range. They had been reluctant to use it all this time, and they had not been able to find an opportunity to use it.

Now!

This was the perfect time!

"What should I do? Just tear it apart?"

Qin Luo Sheng held the two talismans that were full of spirit charm and was somewhat troubled. “Should we use them together, or should we use them sparingly?… It seems like Luo Li is saying that any one of the four baneful powers of the iron zombie can break the Dark Demon Fog, right? We should just save it! This thing is extremely precious. If we use one, we’ll have one less. Who knows if we’ll be able to get another one in the future.”

"You!"

There was no time to hesitate. One more second of hesitation and the Dark Fiend Mist would restore an additional 10000 health points to the Iron Zombie. Qin Sheng lowered his head to take a look and instantly chose the Thunderfall Talisman.

Even if they had never eaten pork, they had seen pigs run. To demons and monsters, lightning was their nemesis. In comparison, flames could make them afraid, but in the end, the effect was still a little lacking. It was far inferior to light, life, and divine lightning!

"Lightning Talisman, it's all up to you now!"

Holding the charm, Qin Sheng activated it instantly. In an instant, 10,000 points of mana were drained from his body, draining the mana bar that he was dissatisfied with because of the continuous use of Sword Qi.

After absorbing a large amount of mana, the pattern on the Thunderfall Talisman shone brightly and automatically separated from Qin Sheng's palm. It rose into the sky and disappeared into the sky with a whoosh.

In an instant!

Dark clouds covered the sky and thunder rumbled!

"Impossible! Why would lightning flash above Luo Clan Village?"

The iron zombie, who was frantically absorbing the Dark Demon Fog, immediately raised his head. He looked at the dark clouds that had unknowingly floated above his head. Thunder was rumbling, and it looked like it was about to fall. His pale and ugly face turned even paler.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Thunder rumbled continuously!

Bolts of lightning rained down like a storm, targeting the iron zombie.

-10000!

-10000!

-10000!

…

Explosive five-digit damage kept appearing above the iron zombie's head. Coincidentally, it was the same as the recovery of the Dark Magic Mist that he had swallowed. It was the same ten thousand points, and they canceled each other out.

However!

It was not that simple!

The Thunder Damage was indeed 10,000 points, but the recovery of the Dark Magic Mist was not 10,000 points. Thunder, move!

It was precisely because of the lightning that the black demonic mist was dispersed, causing the iron corpse to absorb less. Its effect also became worse, constantly decreasing. From 10,000 to 9,000, 8,000, 7,000…

In less than three seconds!

The dark devil mist completely scattered, no longer existing!

However!

The lightning was still striking, showing no signs of stopping.

The iron zombie was still under the lightning and did not leave because he was paralyzed by the lightning and could not move!

“Lightningfall Talisman?”

The metal stiffened and remained silent. Qin Luo could only take the beating passively. As he was admiring the peerless beauty, he was momentarily speechless. However, Luo Li, who was watching from the side, was stunned. She cried out involuntarily, "Such a high-quality Lightning Talisman? Not only did it break the rules of the environment, it even dispersed the Dark Demon Fog? Which Heavenly Master did it come from?"

Which Taoist master?

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched.

If you ask me, I wouldn't know either!

Although he had obtained it from Wu Lin, as an alchemist, Wu Lin should not know how to write talismans. In that case, be it the Thunderfall Talisman or the Divine Fire Talisman, he should have obtained them from somewhere else, or even from his ancestors.

Like this!

It made sense!

The ancestors of the Wu Clan, the Wang Clan, and the High Priest Clan were all important figures. It was normal for them to have such treasures.

The Village Chief of the Wang Family, a small Inheritance Bead was able to transform a noob like him from nothing into an Advanced Weapon Refinement Master. He even took out 10 invaluable rare blueprints and gave him an Epic-ranked Iron Hammer… How could his status be bad?

There was no need to elaborate on the Alchemy Wu Family. Wu Lin's treasure was simply explosive. Not only were there many types, but the quality was also high. Putting aside the potions, Sky Tremor Bomb, various charms, exotic flowers and herbs that could permanently increase attributes, powerful skill books, and the incomparably rare [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon], who would dare to underestimate them?

In the end, the Head Ancestor’s family was a little mysterious, but it wasn’t inferior to the Wang and Wu families. The Shadow Warrior’s hidden occupation and the Origin Stone that could replenish Hou Yi’s divine energy, awaken Hou Yi’s will, and kill Jiu Ying were evident.

What a pity!

The time he could stay in the beginner village was too short. For the sake of the future, he couldn't stay for too long. Otherwise, he might be able to dig deeper.

The secrets and treasures behind such a terrifying family must be unimaginable.

Otherwise, look!

A Thunderfall Talisman passed down in Wu Lin's family, a small talisman, could actually cause a powerful BOSS like the Iron Zombie to be in such a sorry state. If he really took out his trump card, wouldn't it scare people to death?