Chapter 143: Luo Li Awakens

"It's about time. Let's go!"

After tidying up Gui Ku’s corpse and squeezing out all of his value, Qin Sheng did not linger any longer. He stood up and walked towards Luo Li, who had already been placed at the side, preparing to bring her away.

As for Luo Clan Village?

As for the mysterious person who had commanded the ghost skeleton and suspected to be its owner?

Sorry!

Not interested!

Although he still had quite a few trump cards for killing Gui Ku, Gui Ku, who was treated as an errand boy, was probably not very popular.

In the extremely realistic world of darkness, strength was the only thing. This also meant that Gui Ku was perhaps the weakest among the group of people who dared to go against the City Lord Residence of Star Glory City!

Level 20 Gold Boss was the weakest?

It was crazy!

Qin Qin Sheng might be a lunatic, but he was no idiot.

For a small player like him to go against such a large organization, wasn't he courting death?

Steady, develop, don't be reckless!

It was better to leave this troublesome matter to the smiling old fox, the City Lord of Star Glory City. After all, he was the target of the other party. He dared to kidnap his daughter and even pretended to be a ghost bride. He almost got Minghun. Furthermore, the burial mound was not far from Star Glory City. Whether it was public or private, that was his business.

However!

The heavens do not obey one's wishes!

"Wu wu wu…"

Just as Qin Sheng had helped Luo Li up and was about to return along the path that they had just taken, the heavens and earth suddenly changed and a cold wind blew.

"F*ck!"

Gray mist rose up and shrouded the continuous cliff under Qin Sheng's dumbfounded gaze. The narrow gap in the cliff that hid his path back to the mass grave received even more attention.

"No!"

If Qin Luo still did not know what was going to happen at this time, then he was really a stupid pig. The existence behind the scenes was trying to seal off the path and cut off his path of retreat, making him stay here forever.

"F*ck!"

Holding Luo Li in his arms, Qin Sheng ran like a mad dog. However, he was a step too late. Just as he was about three meters away from the path, the grey mist completely descended and sealed the path.

Bang!

Qin Luo Sheng pounced forth with all his might. He did not pounce out as he had expected. Instead, he crashed into the grey mist. It was as if he had crashed into a wall made of stone. He was blocked and saw stars.

"F*ck!"

Ignoring the intense pain in his head, Qin Sheng quickly got up and touched it with both hands. It was cold and firm.

The flowing gray fog did not seem like a fog that did not have a physical body but a gas. Instead, it turned corporeal and became a wall that was comparable to steel, blocking his path of escape.

"This is troublesome!"

Through the mist, Qin Sheng could see the familiar winding path behind it. It was right in front of him, right in front of him. He only needed to take a single step and he would be able to step on it. Then, he would be able to stride away from this place.

But!

It was precisely this step, and it was merely this step, yet it was like a chasm that was impossible to surmount!

"What the f*ck!"

Qin Luo was on the verge of tears.

"Hey, girl, wake up!"

Squatting down, he helped the soft Luo Li up. Holding onto her shoulders, he shook her vigorously in an attempt to wake her up.

"Sister, I'm begging you, please wake up!"

After swaying for a long time, Luo Li was still as dead as ever, showing no signs of waking up. Qin Sheng was truly about to cry.

Right now, he was being attacked by others. Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! He was like a turtle caught in a jar. He didn’t know what he was going to face next. How strong were the enemies he was facing? How many enemies were there? If he was alone, he definitely wouldn’t be able to handle it. He had to find a helper. The only person that could help him was Luo Li, who was in his embrace.

But!

This girl had been unconscious the whole time and was sleeping like a dead pig. No matter how he called her, she would not wake up. That was enough!

"F*ck, if you die, I'll die. Why don't I escape by myself?"

If one was not ruthless, one would not be able to stand steadily.

As long as there was a chance, Qin Sheng did not want to be a deserter and scumbag.

However, there was really no other way!

What can you do in other people's territory?

If it was an assassination or sneak attack, there might be a slight chance. However, with Luo Li as a burden, this path would be cut off.

If he brought her along, besides passively accepting the Bosses that were like ghost skeletons coming to kill him, or even more Bosses coming to attack him together, or even the Bosses coming out in full force to kill him, he had no other choice but to hand the initiative to the enemy!

"What should I do?"

Qin Luo was a little lost.

The current situation was very clear.

He could either leave Luo Li behind and run away.

He could either stay behind to take care of Luo Li and welcome the incoming storm.

It was either one or two. It was a simple multiple-choice question!

But it was such a simple multiple choice question that Qin Sheng had no choice!

Humans were all selfish. No one could be completely selfless, at least not Qin Sheng.

Qin Sheng had not realized that he had lost his life for an irrelevant person.

Although this was a virtual world, and death wasn’t a real death, Luo Li was still an NPC made of virtual data, and not a living person.

"F*ck, I'm going all out!"

After a series of struggles, Qin Sheng's humanity finally overcame his own.

Lowering his head, he took a glance at Luo Li’s sleeping beauty. Gritting his teeth, he decided to stay. “If I want to die, I’ll die. If I don’t die, I’ll live for tens of thousands of years. Since I’ve met her, it’s fate. How can I, Qin Luo, abandon a woman who can’t put up any resistance and escape like a dog?”

As he said that, Qin Sheng raised his head and glanced at the thickening gray fog. His firm little face instantly collapsed as he cried, "I'm really f*cking unlucky for eight lifetimes. Why do you think I couldn't control my curiosity? How good would it have been if I had just left directly at that time? Why did I have to run to this damned place? Yet the Life Suppliant insisted on meddling in other people's business and fusing with those brats who carried you to the ghost marriage, allowing me to meet you."

"Sigh!"

With a long sigh, tears of regret flowed down Qin Sheng's face. "If only I had just killed Gui Ku and run away. Why the f*ck did I have to be blinded by greed for that bit of rotten materials and end up in this state? I ran and left you with a conscience. It's really annoying."

"Stop talking. I'm about to be annoyed to death by you!"

Just as Qin Luo was complaining to himself, all of a sudden, a faint crisp sound rang out. It was like the chirping of an oriole, yet also like the sound of pearls dropping on a jade plate, causing Qin Luo to be stunned.

She quickly looked down and what greeted her eyes was a faint smile, a beautiful smile, and a pair of spirited black eyes that had unknowingly opened.

Luo Li had woken up!