Chapter 145: Flying Heaven General—Iron Zombie

“Alright little girl, stop scolding me. Just wait and see how heroic I am when I slaughter my way through the world. You must not be charmed by me!”

Qin Sheng was in a good mood after teasing the beautiful girl. His nervousness had vanished without a trace, and he seemed to be less pessimistic about the powerful opponent that was about to arrive. He smiled and said.

“Little… little girl?” Luo Li was stunned by Qin Sheng’s shameless address. She opened her mouth in shock and widened her eyes in disbelief. As the daughter of the City Lord, the pride of the heavens, when had she ever been called“ little girl”? This was really… fresh!

“This fellow, you don’t know how to keep your mouth shut. Hmph, you really aren’t wrong. You’re just a rogue!”

Luo Li rolled her eyes at Qin Sheng as she snorted, “You’re still so heroic about slaughtering your way through the four directions? With your ability as a three-legged cat, don’t get hacked by a single slash of his blade. You were clearly scared to death just now and only wanted to escape, yet in the blink of an eye, you’re pretending to be a hero!”

Qin Luo blushed!

Thinking about how this girl had woken up after Gui Ku was killed and heard all the negative emotions he had just said, he could not help but feel irritated.

It was too embarrassing!

"Hey, isn't that normal!"

Luckily, Qin Chu was shameless enough to be immune to all kinds of poisons.

What was shame?

Can it be eaten?

“Originally, I wanted to gain experience and adventure, but I had to muster up a lot of courage to enter the mass grave. Who knew that there would be such a strange place hidden at the end of the mass grave! Sigh, it’s very difficult for me as well!”

Qin Qin Sheng felt very wronged. He was truly wronged.

It was obvious that they were only here to train their levels, equip themselves, and drop coins to maintain their livelihood because there were no other players in the mass grave. If there was a BOSS, they could kill the BOSS and earn some money.

He never imagined that he would actually enter a hidden map and be swept into such a strange event. Was it normal to be afraid?

"You…"

Luo Li stared at Qin Sheng with her large eyes, her face flushed red. She wanted to ridicule him, but with her excellent upbringing, she didn’t even know how to ridicule him. Unable to do so, she could only glare at the shameless man before her, who had a wronged look on his face. She was so angry that she couldn’t speak.

"This girl is really innocent and pure. She seems very amusing!"

After Qin Qin Sheng teased Luo Li, he looked at her cute face with her eyes wide open and cried out in his heart. At the same time, he called out to the medic, AWSL, quickly stop the bleeding.

"Don't speak, he's here!"

Just as Qin Sheng was preparing to take another step forward, Luo Li’s face suddenly changed. The redness on her face faded away and was replaced with extreme paleness.

"Finally here?"

Qin Luo Sheng also put away his grinning appearance. His expression turned extremely solemn as he looked ahead with a calm expression. He tightly gripped the two swords in his hands, as if only they could bring him a sense of security!

"I thought that Old Man Luo of Star Glory City had sent some expert here. I didn't expect it to be just a kid!"

A grey cloud descended from the sky in the same manner as the skeleton. The first thing one heard before seeing the person was the hoarse voice of a night owl. It was simply a kind of torture to the ears, causing Qin Sheng's eardrums to vibrate slightly in pain.

"Hey, little kid, Gui Ku, did you kill him?"

The mist dispersed, revealing Qin Luo's figure. Qin Sheng did not dare to ignore his words. He focused his gaze and activated the detection technique.

[Flying Heaven General—Iron Zombie (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: LV 20

Health: 800,000

Attack: 7000

Defense: 3,500

Speed: 400

Skills:???

Introduction: Iron Zombie. Its origin is unknown. The Undead Clan’s Zombie that was born at the beginning of the mass grave absorbs the resentment of countless corpses that were thrown into the mass grave. It plunders the Yin Qi and gradually strengthens itself. In the end, it becomes the ruler of the zombie domain and calls itself the Flying Heaven Great General. Not long ago, an abnormality occurred at the mass grave. The Iron Zombie submitted to a mysterious person and became a general under his command. Together with two other experts, they attacked the Rose Knight Legion that came to investigate. They captured their commander, Luo Li, and prepared for a special ceremony.

"It's alright!"

Looking at the nearly two-meter Zombie Boss in front of him, Qin Sheng secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

It was not the Epic BOSS that he had imagined. Although it was slightly stronger than Ghost Skeleton, its strength was limited. It was not a qualitative leap.

"There are strong and weak Gold Bosses!"

Qin Luo Sheng compared their attributes and realized that there was nothing he could do. He was no longer as nervous as before.

"Little child, you haven't answered me!"

Seeing Qin Luo standing there in a daze, the iron zombie was somewhat dissatisfied and repeated his words, "Say, did you kill that Gui Ku fellow?"

"I killed him. What do you want?"

Qin Luo replied with a frown.

"You?"

The iron zombie sneered and snorted, "Even though Gui Ku's strength is not good, he is still one of the three Yin spirits born in the mass grave. Thanks to the Lord's favor and power, his strength is much stronger than before. How can he be killed by a greenhorn like you?"

"Is that so? Take a look at this!"

Qin Luo reached into his backpack and took out the broken soul fire. He flicked it in his hand like he was playing with glass beads, then tossed it again. He squinted his eyes and said, "You should know this, right? How is it? Is it the Ghost Skeleton that you said has decent strength?"

"It's really you?"

Looking at the broken soul fire, the iron zombie that was also born from the mass grave, he immediately recognized that it was formed from ghost skeleton soul flames.

Now, the soul fire was in Qin Luo Sheng's hands, and Gui Ku was already dead. Other than the crippled Luo family's eldest daughter, there was only this little brat.

In this way, the iron zombie believed seventy to eighty percent of it. That idiot Gui Ku had really been killed by this little child.

"What? You want to avenge Gui Ku?"

Qin Sheng asked as he put the broken soul fire back into his backpack.

"Revenge?"

The iron zombie chuckled and said, "Don't joke around. A trash like Gui Ku died, so what? What does it have to do with me? If we weren't born in the same burial mound and had the same attributes, we wouldn't have been able to kill him. Weaklings like him would have been killed long ago. Weaklings have no meaning to exist. They can only become stepping stones for the strong to become stronger, as nutrients."

"Oh, interesting!"

Qin Sheng was not surprised by Qin Luo's cruel words. It was the same even in the real world that boasted about being bright. It followed the law of the jungle where strength reigned supreme, let alone the extremely cruel dark world.

"Then why are you here?"

Qin Luo retorted.

"Why are you here?"

Tie Jiang coldly said, “I’ve come on Master’s orders to bring Miss Luo Li away!”

"Oh!"

Qin Luo raised an eyebrow. "What else?"

“Naturally—”

The iron zombie grinned and suddenly moved, charging forward like an arrow. "I'll kill you!"