Chapter 140: Slaying Ghost Skeleton (2)

"We can't just sit here and do nothing!"

Skeletons originally had no intelligence, only instinct. However, under the control of the skeletons, the group of skeletons were like soldiers, obeying orders and gradually surrounded them.

"I have to find a way to open the gap!"

At this critical moment, Qin Sheng did not panic. Instead, he analyzed calmly, "Once we are surrounded, we will be like turtles in a jar. We will definitely lose this battle!"

Raising his head, he glanced at the skeleton that was several meters away. Seeing that his large saber was still embedded in the ground and still continuously summoning skeletons, a gleam of light flashed across Qin Luo Sheng's eyes. "We must stop the skeleton from continuing its summoning. Otherwise, with him standing guard at the side, I will definitely be exhausted to death by the unending stream of skeletons while keeping my guard up against sneak attacks."

After finishing off another skeleton that was approaching with two strikes, Qin Sheng moved his feet and changed his position, dodging the slashes of several skeletons that were chasing after him. He then retreated another meter, while the skeletons behind him were already less than three meters away from him. The encirclement was about to form.

"My amplification time is limited, once it ends, it will be difficult to fight the ghost skeleton!"

Qin Luo Sheng continued his analysis. "In this case, if you want to achieve the ideal effect, you must do two things: interrupt the continuous summoning of the skeleton while trying to finish off the skeleton as quickly as possible, or even kill it in an instant. Don't waste even one precious second of amplification time. Otherwise, even if you return to the 1v1 situation and return to your normal form, it will still be very difficult to fight the skeleton."

"I'm going all out!"

He brandished his sword again, slashing left and right, cutting down two skeletons that were near him. Qin Sheng bent his body slightly and locked onto the skeletons. Before the skeletons' broadswords could slash down, he disappeared from where he stood.

"Instant Slash!"

Moving his body and shifting his position, Qin Sheng instantly broke free from the encirclement of skeletons and appeared in front of their big boss, Ghost Skeleton!

“What?”

Ghost Skeleton, who was summoning his underlings and watching the show with interest, suddenly blacked out after witnessing the tragedy that was about to happen. By the time he reacted, he was already a prey in his eyes. For some reason, he had arrived in front of him, and a green longsword that emitted a faint dragon might smashed down valiantly.

-2,1668!

[Beep, Dragon Soul effect activated. Target Skeleton General—Ghost Skeleton, entered Stunned state for 3 seconds!]

NICE!

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his ears. He had never expected that the dragon soul effect of the Coiling Dragon Li Water would be triggered at such a critical moment.

Although this effect was triggered frequently when he was clearing the Skeleton Domain, Zombie Domain, and Specter Domain previously, he was now facing a Level 20 Gold Boss. This was only a passive control effect, so the chances of triggering it should be pathetically low.

Everything else aside!

He had used the Coiling Dragon Li Water to hack at it a dozen times, but there was no sign of it being triggered. This was the best proof of that damned probability.

However, he did not expect that the effect of the dragon soul was still a crucial one. It did not show itself in public usually, but at the crucial moment, it would erupt in one day and unleash an extremely powerful effect, locking onto the battle situation.

"No!"

Ghost Skeleton's eyes flickered wildly as he stared at Qin Sheng in disbelief. It was as if he could not believe that his great plan had been foiled in an instant.

"Nothing is impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered.

Although the Stun effect was also a strong control, it only caused the body to stiffen. It was the same as freezing. The control of the body and the mind was still normal. It was not like the strong control of fear, dizziness, and hallucinations. The consciousness was not clear, so Ghost Skeleton could still speak.

This!

Fine!

This was a good opportunity for Gui Ku to see how his little brother, whom he had spent so much effort to summon, was instantly killed in one strike!

“Water Vein Impact!”

Without any hesitation, he took out the Water Vein Spirit Pearl and activated the only supplementary active skill. This was a skill that helped him to establish amazing skills in the Abyss Mode of the trial grounds.

There was a hidden map of Luo Village in the depths of the mass grave, a place that was like a ghost town. Although the Water Element was extremely lacking and the Water Vein Spirit Pearl could not unleash its true abilities, with Qin Sheng's enhanced attributes, just the Water Vein's basic attack damage of 200% per second and the constant 500 points of water damage were enough to clean up the weak skeleton monsters.

One round of impact!

Two rounds!

Three strikes!

The 15-second duration only lasted for three seconds. Dozens of skeletons had died tragically. As the skeletons became rigid, they were unable to mobilize the energy in their bodies, causing the summoning to stop. Not only were there no new companions to assist in the battle, but their bodies, which had been crushed by the water pressure and vortexes, were washed away by the water. Some directly sank into the swamp and disappeared.

"It's really clean!"

After killing all the skeletons, Qin Luo did not persist in unleashing the Water Vein's attacks. Instead, he retrieved them. In a situation where the battle was not real, the instant the skill ended, the ground was refreshed. Not only did the skeletons disappear, not a single drop of water was left behind.

“Bastard, die for this general!”

At this moment, a strong gust of wind whistled behind him. Ghost Skeleton, who had recovered from his three-second stun, looked at Qin Sheng, who was cleaning up his lackeys and had his back to him. Without any trace of politeness, he drew his broadsword from the ground and slashed down with all his might.

"Don't be so irritable!"

However, this powerful, heavy, and extremely fast saber strike struck another empty space. The back of Qin Sheng's head seemed to have opened its eyes. His body moved slightly, as if he was shifting forms, leaving a series of afterimages as he moved from Gui Ku's front to his back. In an instant, the offensive and defensive positions changed.

"Go up!"

Qin Sheng stabbed the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] into the ground and gripped the hilt of the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] tightly with both hands. He raised it from the ground and slashed fiercely. "Chop chop!"

A terrifying strength as high as 668 points was unleashed. The seemingly thick skeleton was only three meters tall, but it was actually only made of bones. Its weight was not as heavy as imagined. Under Qin Sheng's outburst, it flew straight up into the sky and floated in the air. It remained in the air for at least three seconds and could not move.

"Attack!"

Opportunity was hard to come by. Qin Sheng activated his speed enhancement skill without hesitation. In an instant, he felt a cooling sensation on his wrist. After turning it nimbly, his attack speed increased by 50%!

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

There were no fancy attacks, only dazzling endless attacks!

The damage of skills was strong, but no matter how successful the connection between skills was, there would still be a certain amount of time to switch between skills. Furthermore, all the skills were currently at Level 1, which was still a long way from mastery.

Qin Luo Sheng had once tried using a skill on the same hand. The time it took for the two skills to switch was at least one second. This one second was too long. It was better to use general attack. After increasing 50% attack speed, one hand could slash out 2.5 times in a second and three seconds. If he used all his strength, he could slash out 15 times with both hands. At the very least, he could cause 20W + damage to the skeleton!

Three seconds later!

The ghost skeleton landed on the ground!

Probing skill!

Qin Luo Sheng swept his gaze over and immediately saw his condition.

Health: 38,224 / 500,000