Chapter 142: Broken Soul Fire

Ding… You have single-handedly killed a level 20 Gold Boss, Skeleton General—Ghost Skeleton. EXP gained: 100W + Reputation, 1000 points! '

Awesome!

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

With a flash of golden light, Qin Sheng's EXP bar, which had increased by one-fifth from killing the skeleton, was filled to the brim with experience points. He was now Level 16!

"This leveling speed is awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng was all smiles!

From Level 10 to Level 16 in just one day, this speed was like riding a rocket!

Moreover, other than the huge amount of experience points, there was also this pile of spoils of war dropped by the ghost skeleton. It was really awesome.

The first kill of the Boss was the so-called first kill. Fate Dimension did not release the corresponding rewards and records, but the rewards remained.

First clear of the Boss, 100% of the loot dropped by the Boss would be the lowest. Even if you were a super jinx with luck -10,000, you would still get the loot!

As for Qin Luo, a Destiny's Child whose luck had already exceeded two digits, it was naturally a huge explosion. Even if he did not empty out the skeleton, at least 90% of the items dropped would have been dropped.

"Boss is so generous!"

Qin Sheng was grinning from ear to ear as he looked at the starlight all over the ground. He swept away all the spoils of war with great familiarity. The whole process was smooth like flowing water and did not take more than five seconds.

"After killing thousands of normal monsters in the mass grave, the equipment dropped can't even be gathered into a hundred pieces, and they are all low-level goods. Other than the whiteboard and the whiteboard, there aren't even many black iron. It's a waste of expression. The total value might not even be comparable to a high-level Silver equipment."

Qin Sheng was very satisfied after glancing at the good stuff he had packed into his backpack. "It's a boss after all. Comrade Gui Ku's awareness is really high. Not to mention the collateral damage, he gave me five pieces of equipment, three hundred silver and two gold pieces. That's very impressive! Unfortunately, this requires appraisal. I can't just take a look at it first!"

Qin Sheng closed his backpack and squatted down. He waved his collection technique wildly at the pile of bones left behind by Gui Ku!

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

Ding… Gathering successful. You have received: Hard Bone * 2! '

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

Ding… Gathering successful. You have received: Hard Bone * 3! '

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

Ding… Gathering successful. You have received: Hard Bone * 5! '

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"…"

A series of data collection flooded the screen!

"It's a three-meter tall skeleton after all. It has quite a lot of goods on it!"

Although the harvesting technique was still at the beginner level, there were continuous failures. Fortunately, the luck value was high enough. Amidst the continuous failure prompts, one or two successful prompts could occasionally be heard. Qin Sheng was very gratified.

Five minutes later!

The skeleton's corpse was about to be refreshed. Qin Luo was still collecting it continuously, looking like he would not give up until it was dried.

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Collecting skill failed. You did not obtain any items. Collecting skill proficiency increased!"

"Ding… Gathering successful. You have received: Broken Soul Fire * 1!"

"Ding… Target is unavailable!"

With a flash of light, a cracked red ball appeared in Qin Sheng's hand. It was the size of a glass bead and looked rather dim.

"Broken soul fire? Could it be the ghost fire in Gui Ku's eye sockets? Wasn't it destroyed by me?"

Ignoring the ghost skeleton that had been refreshed, Qin Sheng held the strange red ball in his hand and opened its stats introduction panel!

[Broken Soul Fire]

Type: Materials

Grade: High

Effect: Energy Core

Introduction: A rare high-grade material with a wide range of uses. It can be used for refining weapons, forging, and so on. It can be used as an energy core. Unfortunately, it is already damaged and can only be used limited!

“Oh! It’s actually a high-grade material?”

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

Because of the Inheritance Pearl, he was now an out-and-out high-level refiner. Naturally, he had the method to use it in his memory and knew its value and rarity.

"I didn't expect that apart from a pile of Augmenting Gems and other items, Ghost Skeleton not only gave me five pieces of equipment, but also left me such a treasure. How generous!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a look of joy on his face, followed by a pained expression. "D * mn, if I had known that you had such high-grade goods on you, I wouldn't have killed you like this no matter what. After you've been resurrected five times, wouldn't it be nice to kill you five times? F*ck, my perfect soul fire has become broken just like that. What a sin!"

As a Weapon Refinement Master, his heart ached for the destruction of such a rare high-grade material!

Of course!

What made Qin Sheng's heart ache even more was that perhaps a special Epic equipment had slipped away just like that!

Equipment was a small matter. It was just a small sum of money. If he lost it here, he could earn it back in other places. However, the damage to his soul fire caused him to lose the opportunity to increase his proficiency in weapon refinement. This was the most painful thing.

[Hard bones]

Type: Materials

Grade: Intermediate

Effect: Forging

Introduction: A slightly rare bone. After special strengthening, it has become extremely hard. It is not inferior to ordinary steel. It can be used to forge weapons. Its sharpness surpasses ordinary swords and its weight is far lower than weapons forged from metal!

"Intermediate forging materials?"

After putting the damaged soul fire back, Qin Sheng took out another bone from his backpack. His eyes glowed slightly as he looked at its attributes introduction. His somewhat depressed mood was lifted a little by the soul fire.

This was a good item!

Although a broken soul fire could still surpass this hard bone by a few streets, soul fire was still too rare. There was only one soul fire, so it definitely had to go the route of quality. And this hard bone had gathered more than 30 pieces.

With advanced weapon forging techniques and rare blueprints, the weapon forged should be at least Bronze rank. If he was lucky, it might even be Silver rank. Coupled with the Starlight Miracle, it was simply heaven-defying.

The appearance of more than 30 Silver or Gold weapons would definitely shock the market.

At that time, even if there was no need to advertise, his shop, which had yet to be opened, would definitely shoot to fame and become an irreplaceable super hot shop in a short period of time. At that time, wouldn't the money in the players' pockets be sent over in a queue?