Chapter 146: Indestructible

"Spirited Snake Step!"

"Clever!"

"Sirius!"

"Berserk Potion!"

The three augmentation skills that had already been cooled down and a bottle of potion were used instantly.

"Protect!"

Qin Luo activated the supplementary skill of the [Forest Hunter's Armor] calmly as he watched the Iron Zombie come attacking. In an instant, energy surged and formed an energy shield in front of his body.

-3,822!

Shit?

The protective shield was broken in an instant, and the iron zombie's skinny hand, which was like an eagle's claw, swept across its body, taking almost 4,000 health points.

"Hiss…"

Qin Luo Sheng sucked in a breath of cold air. Ignoring the intense pain coming from his chest, he retreated explosively, dodging the second strike of the iron zombie.

"Ding, you are poisoned. Your health points decrease by 500 points per second. Duration: 30 seconds!"

When it rains, it pours!

The sudden prompt from the system made Qin Sheng's face turn green.

"This bastard is really devious!"

The corners of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched continuously as he watched the iron zombie cling to him like a sticky candy. "While we were talking, he suddenly launched a surprise attack, and when I was using the augmentation skill, he grabbed onto the air and attacked decisively. After he succeeded in his attack, he stuck to me and did not retreat, not giving me any chance to catch my breath.—Tsk tsk, this is really impressive! Compared to him, that Gui Ku fellow is totally a pure little white flower!"

However!

If he wanted to win with this little ability, he was really looking down on others!

"Shadow Assault!"

With a flash of his body, Qin Sheng disappeared on the spot, causing the metal zombie to miss.

Not just that!

The effect of the Shadow Assault caused Qin Sheng, who had been facing the iron zombie, to shift positions and turn into Qin Sheng facing the iron zombie's back.

"Shadow Stab!"

[Coiling Dragon Water] performed another meritorious deed. The sharp tip of the sword stabbed into the back of the Iron Zombie's head. Combined with the 150% attack strength of the Shadow Spike, [Life Prayer] had an additional 50% damage bonus to Undying Attribute. Under Sky Wolf's Double Attack and Absolute Critical Hit, the Iron Zombie's thick defense, which was as high as 3,500 points, was as fragile as paper.

-6,852!

It broke his defense perfectly and dealt almost 7,000 points of damage!

Great success!

"Is this all?"

However!

Qin Luo Sheng was not satisfied with this!

Even though he was facing an Iron Zombie, a Gold Boss that focused on health and defense, and his level was suppressed by 4 levels, it was already very impressive that he could cause such damage.

But!

Not enough!

The Skywolf's enhancement time was only 30 seconds. Once the effect ended, the attack would be greatly reduced. At that time, although it could still break through the defense, the damage it could cause would probably be less than 3,000 points.

One must know!

Iron Zombie's GDX had 80W + health!

Even if his original speed was enough to suppress this fellow, it was not obvious after all. It would be very difficult for him to engage in guerrilla warfare tactics like he did with Ghost Skeleton just now. He did not know how much time he would need to wear down the 80W + health points. In a high-intensity battle, his stamina would definitely be insufficient.

Forget it!

Every step counts!

There were no more tricks now. He could only think of strategies while fighting.

"Berserk Strike!"

The stun time of the Shadow Stab was precious. Qin Sheng would never waste it, and the prerequisites of battle were so important that Qin Sheng had to build a good foundation and stabilize the situation.

Hence!

Violent Strike, requesting to fight!

One second of charging was enough to offset the stun from Shadow Stab!

By the time the Iron Zombie recovered from its stun state, the [Coiling Dragon Water] had already landed a heavy blow on its neck.

-56,332!

Ding… your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing the Flying Heaven General—Iron Zombie—to be severely injured, all attributes reduced by 20%! '

NICE!

I am indeed the son of destiny!

Previously, when he chopped at the skeleton, he had definitely been seriously injured and reduced its stats by 20%. Now, he was still cutting down the metal zombie!

With one-fifth of his attributes reduced, it would be much easier for him to continue fighting!

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect 2, activate!"

Instant activation!

Under the special effect, Qin Luo's attack range immediately increased by two meters, and all his attacks turned into long-range sword energy attacks. The strength of his attacks increased by 20% to 120%, and the price he had to pay was to consume 100 points of mana every second, forever.

"Attack!"

After putting some distance between them, Qin Sheng used his only skill to increase his attack speed. His attack speed immediately increased by 50%. In addition to the 50% of the Shadow Warrior's attack speed and the 20% of the Jungle Scamper's attack speed, his attack speed was now 120% faster than usual.

In an instant!

Sword qi surged violently while sword images flashed everywhere!

"Poor child, you were looking down on Gui Ku just now. Look, look, what's the difference between you and Gui Ku now?"

As Qin Luo Sheng brandished his two swords, sword qi surged forth violently as he slashed at the metal zombie. At the same time, he watched the metal zombie cry out loudly as it forcefully endured the endless sword qi and tried its best to move towards him. He was in a great mood.

"This is the classic long-range shorthand. It will beat you until you start doubting your life, until you completely shut down."

Qin Qin Sheng chuckled. "You don't say. This feeling is quite good. If I had known, I would have played with an archer or mage."

One sword for 5000!

Another 5,000!

Another strike, and it was 5,000!

Even if the health bar of an Iron Zombie was 80W +, it would not be able to withstand such a huge consumption!

It would have been fine if it was just one strike per second, but who could withstand two strikes in a second, or three strikes in two seconds, or a left and right strike?

If not for the fact that the iron zombie was chasing after him like a mad dog, scaring the damned brat into retreating and shifting his position, his attacks would have been even more ferocious.

Torture! Torture! Torture!

After being ruthlessly abused by Qin Luo's endless sword qi, other than having some accomplishments in the first claw strike, it could not even touch a single strand of hair after that. The iron zombie was instantly enraged.

Now, the iron zombie finally understood why this little child, who looked like he could crush with a single hand, could actually kill the ghost skeleton. With this speed, this attack, and this attack frequency, even his copper skin and iron bones would not be able to withstand it for long. As time passed, he would also have to kneel!

"Little child, you've angered me!"

In just ten seconds, the iron zombie had been hit countless times. His body was full of tiny wounds. If not for his strong defense and tough body, he would have been a sieve by now. Even so, his health points had already dropped by more than half. His long HP bar was half full and half empty.

"Invincible Vajra!"

With a furious roar, the metal zombie stopped its movements. A golden radiance surged out from its body and covered its entire body. In an instant, it dispelled the haze. Under the golden radiance, it looked rather sacred, like a Buddha.

Ding… Flying Heaven General—Iron Zombie, use skill [Invincible Vajra]. Defense increased by 50%. Resistance to physical attacks by 20%! Duration: 3 minutes! '

Qin Sheng:…