Chapter 144: Hooligan

"Y-you're awake?"

Qin Qin Sheng stammered in disbelief.

"Yeah, I was woken up by your mumbling!"

Luo Li smiled like a flower as she teased.

"Uh!"

Qin Luo blushed and could not help but scratch his head. He smiled honestly. "You, you heard everything?"

"I heard it!"

Luo Li covered her mouth and lightly smiled. “I heard it from the start!”

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded as he asked blankly, "You heard everything from the start? Then you've already woken up?"

"Yes!"

Nodding her head, Luo Li forced herself to sit up. Such a simple action caused her brows to knit together as her face turned even paler. “When you defeated that Great Skeleton, I had already woken up. However, the remaining poison in my body was still present, and my body was lacking in strength. I was completely unable to exert any strength, and I couldn’t even open my eyes.”

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded once more!

Since he had woken up after killing the skeleton, wouldn't all the embarrassing nonsense be heard?

Tsk!

"What poison did you get?"

Since it had already happened, Qin Sheng could only pretend that it had not happened even though he was panicking. He took out a bottle of antidote from his backpack and handed it over. He changed the topic stiffly. "I have an antidote here. Do you think it can cure the poison in your body?"

"What antidote? Open it and let me take a look!"

Letting Qin Luo open the bottle and pour out an antidote pill, Luo Li took a look at it and instantly shook her head. “No, I’m poisoned by the Ten Fragrance Tendon Soft Tendon Powder, a unique poison. This is only the most common antidote pill, and is completely useless. Even neutralizing the medicinal effects won’t allow me to recover any strength.”

Qin Sheng:…

Ten Incense Tendon Softening Powder?

Hey!

Did he go to the wrong set?

This is not a wuxia drama!

"Oh!"

Embarrassed, Qin Luo kept the antidote back. He was also very helpless.

This thing was just a low-level product bought from the pharmacy in Star Glory City. It was a system store and a mass-produced medicine. What good stuff could it have? The reason why he had a bottle in his backpack was only because he had bought it to protect himself, in case of an accident.

"Then what should we do?"

It was impossible to detoxify the poison, so he could only think of other ways.

As for meeting the boss behind the scenes?

Qin Qin Sheng had never thought of this before.

How arrogant and suicidal was that?

Even the weakest underlings were Level 20 Gold Bosses. The mastermind must be extremely powerful. Furthermore, to be able to control so many powerful Bosses and willingly work for him, his methods must be extraordinary.

Wasn't it courting death to play with such an existence?

"Can you use this?"

Seeing Luo Li deep in thought, Qin Sheng reached into his bag and fumbled around. He took out a returning scroll and asked, “This scroll has a teleportation array engraved on it. Its coordinates are Star Glory City. As long as you tear it apart, you can leave this place and return to Star Glory City!”

"No!"

Luo Li's beautiful eyes shone brightly. The stunning charm that was released in an instant made Qin Sheng's heart beat wildly. However, this peerless beauty came and went quickly. It only bloomed for a moment before it wilted like a night-blooming flower.

"I can't use any magic power at all. I can't touch the scroll and resonate with the space energy!"

This was bad!

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows tightly. "It seems like the dog system wants me to be trapped here until I die. Either I kill the boss and resolve this matter, or I get killed and return to the city for free. There's no other way!"

"Leave!"

At this moment, Luo Li had a smile on her face as she said in a serious tone, “Quickly leave this place. There’s still time.”

Qin Luo said, "Since I didn't leave just now, I can't possibly leave you alone and escape now!"

Luo Li was a little anxious as she replied, “Don’t be stubborn. If you can leave, then so be it. You’re still young, so you shouldn’t die here and die in vain!”

"Is that so?" Qin Luo laughed. "I'm really a little unhappy to hear that. What do you mean by sacrificing my life for nothing? I'm very strong, alright! Otherwise, how could I kill that Ghost Skeleton?"

Luo Li: “…”

"Just stay here obediently." Qin Sheng got up, dusted off the dirt behind his buttocks, twisted his neck, pulled out the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, and said with an unruly expression, "When I'm done with that ghost bride who made you into a ghost bride, I'll prepare to have a netherworld marriage with you, a toad that wants to eat swan meat. The two of us will go out together, and neither of us will die!"

“No, don’t!” Luo Li panicked as tears welled up in her eyes. “You’re not his opponent. You’ll really die. Quick, leave before he loses his temper.”

A man that even Luo Li was afraid of?

Qin Luo Sheng felt a chill in his heart, but he did not show any signs of fear on the surface. Instead, he shouted forcefully, "Shut up! Just stay there obediently. Leave the battle to me, this man!—Don't worry, I'll bring you out completely. Even if I can't do it and die, I'll die before you."

“Are you crazy?” Luo Li shouted. “We don’t know each other, nor are we related. Why are you doing this?”

"Why?" Qin Luo smiled and said solemnly, "I won't allow myself to abandon a woman and run away like a dog!"

“Boring self-esteem!” Luo Li was a little flustered and exasperated. “Isn’t it good to be alive? Only by being alive will there be hope. An ordinary man’s courage is just sending his life away, it’s completely meaningless.”

“Is that so? Is there no meaning to it?” Qin Sheng turned his head and looked at Luo Li carefully. “But to me, that’s impossible!”

Luo Li muttered, “You madman!”

"Hahaha…" Qin Luo laughed loudly. "Lunatic, perhaps! Only a woman like this would attract a lunatic!"

“A woman like me?” Luo Li was dumbfounded as she blinked her eyes. Shortly after, she came to a realization and a blush appeared on her pale face. She shyly said, “Shallow man!”

"Men are lecherous, what's there to be shallow about?" Qin Luo did not show the slightest bit of embarrassment and openly admitted, "That's right, I'm lusting after your magnificent beauty and your body."

“Rogue!” Hearing Qin Luo’s explicit words, Luo Li’s neck and ears turned red on the spot, her beauty beyond compare.

As the daughter of the City Lord and a daughter of a wealthy family, she had been in contact with gentle and refined young men from aristocratic families since she was young. Even in the military, she was a female soldier. When had she ever seen such a rough man being flirted with like this?

“So what if you’re a hooligan!” Qin Luo Sheng was like a masochist. Luo Li’s coquettish scolding caused his entire body to tremble, as though his bones had gone soft.

In the past, when he was young, he did not know why some of the heavy geeks on Earth in his previous life would hear the idiom "baka".

Damn, it was as if he had been drugged. Now he understood!

What the f*ck, this was simply toxic!