Chapter 158: Hidden Entanglement, Tragedy Of The Luo Family (3)

"You should know whether I'm lying or not!"

At this moment, Luo Li’s temper had also flared up. She was no longer as gentle as before as she retorted, “At that time, your father clearly knew that my father and the rest would definitely chase after them, and your family was the first target.”

Luo Qin: "…"

"What did he do? He abandoned his wife and son without any hesitation. He treated the entire 137 people of your Luo Clan as abandoned children to buy time for him to escape!"

Every single word of Luo Li’s was like a knife that cut into Luo Qin’s heart. “You should know where he went, right? That’s right, it’s here, it’s Luo Clan Village!”

"Luo Clan Village is your Luo Clan's ancestral land!"

Ignoring Luo Qin, who had a complicated expression on his face, Luo Li continued, “Back then, your Luo Family’s ancestor was a villager of the Luo Family Village. He lived by picking herbs and hunting. At that time, my Luo Family’s ancestor was ordered to come near the Luo Family Village to exterminate the demons. In order to save your village, he fought with the demons and suffered serious injuries. Coincidentally, your ancestor entered the mountain to pick herbs and saved my ancestor’s life.”

"I owe you a debt of gratitude for saving my life."

"My ancestor was grateful for your ancestor's kindness, so he was promoted from an ordinary villager to a City Lord's personal guard. He was given houses, money, and food, and even arranged for marriage. Even if he didn't do everything he could, he was still treated well, right?!"

"With the help of my ancestor, not only did your Luo family become successful, but the entire Luo family village also became successful. From a well-known poor village, it became a rich village that was envied by all the nearby villages. They did not have to worry about food and clothing and had enough money. They were no longer in the awkward situation where a girl was unwilling to marry into their family.

"I don't have any other thoughts when I say this. I am grateful to your Luo clan's ancestor for saving my Luo clan's ancestor, and I am also grateful for the deep friendship between them. After that, your Luo clan and my Luo clan have lived in harmony for generations, and our relationship has been very good. My father treated your father like a brother, and I also see you as an elder brother. My Luo clan has been extremely benevolent to your Luo clan."

"As for the rest of you? For your own selfish desires, your father was questioned by the emperor and almost sentenced to death. The hard work of the ancestors of the Luo Clan over the past few hundred years and the prestige that they have built up over the years were almost destroyed."

Luo Li flew into a rage. “Your father has done such a disgraceful thing, and his sins have reached the heavens. Yet, you still have the face to talk about revenge with me? How did my Luo Clan let your Luo Clan down?”

Rochin was at a loss for words.

However!

Luo Qin had nothing to say. Luo Li did!

Perhaps it was because he had swallowed the grievances that he had suffered for a long time, but now that he had erupted, he could not help but feel unhappy.

“It’s not just your father. You’re the same. Greed and jealousy, selfishness. You’re always self-centered and possessive. Ever since I was young, those who approached me were all driven away by you. You even threatened them in private so that I didn’t have a single friend.”

“I am me. I am Luo Li, not your puppet. I don’t need you to interfere with my life.”

"It was the same when I was young, and the same when I grew up."

"I went through a lot of hardships and put in so much effort to join the Rose Knight Legion. As for you, you casually spread rumors, causing me to almost be eliminated by the regiment commander. Luckily, the regiment commander didn't listen to one side of the story. After sending someone to investigate, he found out that you were up to no good and made this matter public. That way, there would be less gossip."

“But that’s why you hold a grudge against the Rose Knights. The reason is that they took me away from you so you couldn’t stay with me any longer?”

"Now, you finally have the chance to take revenge, right? You have inherited your father's evil bloodline and your father's power that is filled with blood and sin. You killed the innocent and stirred up the storm. You even plotted to ambush me and killed dozens of my knights' innocent sisters."

"Are you satisfied with 'revenge'?"

“You think that you can obtain my favor? Ha! Even if I, Luo Li, die, I will definitely not marry you. If I can’t be soft, I will immediately reveal my true colors and use the evil ceremony to marry me, attempting to control me for the rest of my life. Just like that, you still have the face to say that you like me. You really disgust me.”

Holy shit!

Awesome!

Qin Luo Sheng couldn’t move his body, but his ears weren’t deaf. When he heard the lovable and charming Luo Li speak like a machine gun, he was truly dumbfounded.

Me!

Zuan's Pianist!

Qin Sheng!

I'm willing to call you the strongest in front of someone who doesn't curse!

"It's useless to say anything more!"

Facing the ferocious Luo Li that he had never seen before, Luo Qin was terrified. He did not know what to say as his expression gradually returned to normal, becoming vicious and ruthless. “No matter what happened in the past, I have already reached this step today. No matter what, I will continue to walk down this path. I will take my blood revenge to appease the 137 people of my Luo Family, as well as the souls of over 3,000 people in the Luo Family Village.”

"You finally stopped pretending, huh?"

Luo Li had already thrown caution to the wind. Not caring about Luo Qin’s murderous gaze, she sneered, “You and your father are the same. On the surface, you’re kind, but your heart is dirty. For yourself, you can do anything. It’s simply disgusting.”

“You said you want revenge? What a joke! If you want revenge, shouldn’t you look for that dead father of yours? If it wasn’t for him, how could your Luo Clan have been corroded by the Demonic Qi and turned into demonic humans? Also, there are over three thousand people in the Luo Clan Village. Didn’t he deliberately use the Demonic Fear Technique to control them and turn them into puppets? If you want to take revenge on my father, you must have found the wrong target, right?”

Rochin:…

“Shut up!” Luo Qin finally flew into a rage out of humiliation. He glared at Luo Li, the woman that used to love him the most, but had hurt him the most at this moment. He furiously roared, “I don’t believe a single word of what you’ve said. No matter what, I, Luo Qin, will definitely return blood with blood. An eye for an eye, an eye for an eye. I will exterminate your Luo Family.”

“You’re insane!” Luo Li’s face was calm, no longer having the same expression as before.

She had already given up on waking up Rochin. This was an unrealistic thought. This elder brother she had called him since he was young was no longer the old him. He was completely possessed, completely hopeless.

"Mad? That's right, I am mad!" Luo Qin said arrogantly. "Not only do I want to exterminate your entire Luo Clan, I want to completely destroy the entire Star Glory City. I want to kill every single one of those executioners who were once stained with the blood of my Luo Clan. Hahahaha…"

"What a vicious brat! As expected of that old bastard, Luo Jie. He's ruthless!"

A sigh suddenly came from the sky, instantly waking up the arrogant and laughing Rocin.

"Uncle Gu, Uncle Ye, I'm here!"

Raising her head, Luo Li looked at the two middle-aged men that seemed like immortals as they flew over. Before Luo Qin could say anything, Luo Li called out in surprise.

"Gu Qingfeng, Ye Guhong, I didn't expect that old dog Luo Lin to be so quick. He actually sent you two over."

Luo Qin's face darkened. He had been in the Luo Clan ever since he was young, so he naturally knew how powerful these two Luo Clan mercenaries were.