Chapter 151: Playa

NICE!

NICE! NICE! NICE!

Big boss who poisoned me, thank your whole family!

If I manage to seduce this girl, I will give you a big red packet even if I have to go bankrupt to thank you for pulling this red string for me!

"Let me feed you!"

His heart was already boiling, and his blood was boiling. However, Qin Sheng still appeared calm on the surface. However, the corners of his lips that kept opening revealed his evil thoughts that were about to burst out laughing uncontrollably.

"This… this isn't too good, right?"

Once again, Luo Li lowered her head to her chest. At this moment, the valiant Commander of the Rose Knights was akin to a little woman. Her voice was as soft as a mosquito, and she was extremely shy.

"The children of the pugilistic world don't bother about trifles!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Luo sat down beside Luo Li. Smelling the faint fragrance of her body, he was almost unable to control his Qilin arm. “This is a critical moment. We’re all on the same boat, so we should help each other and help each other. Come, eat!”

"Alright!"

Gently nodding her head, Luo Li’s blush deepened as she did not dare to raise her head. Looking at the bun that had been split open, the soft and pure white dough and the meat filling that was filled with juice were slowly handed over and placed in front of her mouth. Even though she was extremely embarrassed, her physiological instincts still urged her to open her mouth with all her might, taking the food in and chewing it carefully.

"Yes!"

As the bun entered her mouth, a fresh and juicy taste instantly ignited her taste buds, causing Luo Li, who hadn’t eaten for a long time, to let out a charming moan.

"I want more!"

Under the double impact of the slightly scorching temperature and the satisfaction of the food entering her stomach, Luo Li’s face instantly flushed red. Raising her head, a trace of moisture faintly appeared within her beautiful and intelligent large eyes. Looking at Qin Sheng shyly and timidly, she opened her mouth slightly and called out like a little kitten.

AWSL!

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if he had exploded. It was as if his entire soul was floating. He did not know where it had flown to!

Mom and Dad!

Your son!

Me!

He was finally going to be single!

Bless me!

At the same time, buy some groceries after work and prepare a table for your future daughter-in-law. Yes, there's no need to pick and choose. Your daughter-in-law is very easy to support. I can get her with just a meat bun.

"Come, open your mouth, ah!"

Instinctively, he broke off another piece and gently fed it to Luo Li’s mouth. Luo Li was very cooperative.

There were many things that either did not happen, or there would be countless times after the first time. Now, with the first time, the second time would be much smoother, right?

In this extremely ambiguous atmosphere, she ate a bun for five minutes!

"One more!"

After Qin Luo Sheng finished feeding one, he immediately took out another one and looked at Luo Li with a face full of expectation. Under that blazing gaze, Luo Li could not help lowering her head again and did not say anything.

"Hehe!"

Qin Qin Sheng was a loser, not an idiot.

Low EQ did not mean low IQ.

Luo Li did not make a sound. It was a shy expression, not a silent protest. After all, she was a girl, so it was normal for her not to speak.

Hence!

Feeding PLAY, activate again!

"Wow, what a fascinating scene! I didn't expect the proud and mighty Miss Luo to be so intimate with a young man. Could it be that Miss Luo likes this type of man? Hmm, he looks quite tender. I love boys like him the most."

Before he could finish the second bun, a third person suddenly entered and broke the warm and romantic atmosphere.

“Who?”

Qin Luo Sheng's heart tightened and he became gentle.

d

G's expression disappeared, replaced by a solemn expression.

u).

GDX!

How dare you disturb my feeding!

Do you know how narrow your path is?

"She is one of his three lackeys, together with the big skeleton and the big zombie. My knights were ambushed by the three of them together. You must be careful!"

After eating the bun and drinking some water, Luo Li regained some strength. Her face was no longer as pale as before and there was a little bit of blood on it. She looked at the figure descending from the dark clouds and told Qin Sheng what she knew.

"Alright, I understand!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded towards Luo Li. Taking a deep breath, he said with a determined expression, “I’m going!”

"Yes!"

Luo Li nodded and subconsciously reached out to take half a bun from Qin Sheng’s hands. She said softly, “Be careful!”

"Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng cast a strange glance at Luo Li. After a few seconds of silence, he turned around.

"What am I doing!?"

Luo Li was stunned!

After thinking for a while, she realized what she had done.

Take a bun?

Wouldn't that reveal that she could move now?

Then why did he let her feed him just now?

Wasn't he just confessing to his mistake?

Ahhh!

I'm going to die!

"Looks like it worked!"

Contrary to Luo Li’s endless frustration and shyness, Qin Sheng was practically bursting with joy in his heart. He was so excited that he looked like a hooligan. In just a few seconds, his fantasies were endless. He had even f*cking thought of the child’s name. He felt that his future was bright and his wife was promising.

"Who goes there!"

He raised his head and looked at this bastard who had come to disturb him and his child's mother. Qin Sheng's old face immediately turned black, and the killing intent in his heart soared uncontrollably.

"Brother, why are you so fierce to me? I'm so scared!"

A charming voice rang out and entered Qin Sheng's ears. This voice was full of decadence and carried a trace of indescribable temptation. It was not like a voice but more like lust, causing his heart to itch uncontrollably.

"Pfft…"

The grey mist dispersed and Qin Sheng saw her true body clearly. He was stunned on the spot, his face flushed red, his lower abdomen heated up, and he almost had a nosebleed.

3 points!

The bikini's trim!

Moreover, the bikini was even bolder and more open. It had a super S-shaped curve and pure white skin that was sparkling like snow. Only half of the bust area was wrapped around it, and a pair of long legs that were at least 1.4 meters long were completely exposed. They went straight down to the roots and were so white that it made one dizzy.

The figure of a demon, the face of a demon!

Her seductive eyes, fiery red lips, mature aura, and extremely bold and open attire were filled with indescribable charm and exotic charm.

This was a woman that no man could resist!

Wind SAO!

Even if you knew that this was a pink skeleton, if you stuck to her, it would be enough to swallow you whole. Even if sucking you dry was the best outcome, 99% of men would still be like moths to a flame, bravely charging forward.

Nothing else!

It was unknown if this was a demoness or a demoness. Or perhaps it was a vixen's woman, but she really exerted her charm to the extreme. Male creatures were hard to resist.

At least!

A shallow man like Qin Luo Sheng could not!

Hence!

He had been tricked!