Chapter 150: Luo Li

"What are you doing squatting there and muttering for so long?"

Qin Sheng returned to Luo Li’s side with a wide smile on his face after collecting the metal zombie and obtaining the spoils that were beyond his imagination. Before he could speak, Luo Li could not help but ask curiously.

"Eh!"

When Qin Qin Sheng thought of the tragic state of the iron corpse, he subconsciously wanted to evade it.

After all, she was a girl. It was better not to describe such a terrifying scene. He was afraid that she would have nightmares.

But!

Looking at the pure and innocent face of Luo Li, who was currently blinking her large eyes, which were filled with curiosity, he could not help but want to play dirty tricks. He wanted to see her frightened expression, which was akin to that of a little rabbit. Presumably, she should be very cute, right?!

Hence!

Qin Luo smiled evilly and flipped his palm slightly. Instantly, a greenish-black skin appeared in his palm and he handed it over. "Here, this is it!"

“Mhm?” Without any strength, Luo Li did not accept it. Her eyes fell onto the special skin as her brows slightly knitted together. With a solemn expression, she said, “This is the skin of a zombie. Looking at its color, it should be more than a thousand years old. You’re actually able to completely peel off the skin of that big zombie. Your skills are really good. Truly rare.”

Qin Sheng:…

What are you talking about?

Young girl!

Is it really okay for you to look so serious?

Hey…

Can you give a girl a normal reaction?

This is human skin, and it's even human skin that has been peeled off after turning into a zombie. Aren't you afraid at all? To think that I was a little regretful just now. I was afraid that I would scare you, so you gave me my worries, my soul!

"You… aren't you afraid?"

Qin Luo Sheng blankly stared at Luo Li as he asked.

“Afraid?”

Luo Li’s eyes were filled with question marks as she tilted her head slightly. Her appearance was extremely cute, but the words that came out of her mouth had nearly scared Qin Sheng out of his wits. “What’s there to be afraid of? Isn’t it just zombie skin?! I’m the Regiment Commander of the Rose Knights, why would I be afraid? I still have a set of flexible armor made from zombie skin in my room. That’s my spoils of war. Unfortunately, its quality isn’t as good as your skin.”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What are you talking about?

A soft armor made of zombie skin? Wearing it on one's body?

Are all people from other worlds so awesome?

What the heck!

You're just a young lady!

Don't you feel terrified?

Forget it!

I was too much!

Sorry!

Farewell!

“What happened to you?”

Seeing the smile on Qin Luo’s face gradually disappear, Luo Li was instantly dumbfounded. She tried her best to recall, but did not realize that she had said anything wrong. She was very puzzled.

"Nothing!"

Qin Luo forced a smile. "I'm just a little tired!"

That's right!

I'm tired!

His heart was tired!

"Oh, then have a good rest!"

Luo Li looked at Qin Sheng with some pity and her tone became gentler. “He won’t let this matter rest. There will definitely be a tough battle ahead, so we must maintain sufficient stamina.”

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and took out a steamed bun and a bottle of water from his backpack. After the consecutive battles, he was also very hungry. His hunger level had already risen to 74. In a while, it would surpass the critical point and start affecting his combat ability. Before the next Boss arrived, he had to eat his fill as soon as possible and reduce his hunger level.

"Gulong…"

Just as Qin Luo was chomping down on the meat buns, a strange sound rang out from the side all of a sudden.

He turned around!

Qin Sheng could not help but laugh when he saw Luo Li's pale face turn red in a second.

"You must be hungry too. I don't have anything else here except steamed buns and steamed buns. I wonder if you have the habit of eating them."

He took out another bun and handed it over. "How about some to fill your stomach?"

"You should eat, I'm not hungry!"

After putting it into her bag, time stopped. At this moment, the steamed bun was still warm, no different from when she had just come out of the cage. Instantly, the fragrance drifted over, causing Luo Li’s exquisite and small nose to involuntarily twitch. She instinctively swallowed her saliva as her throat squirmed.

"Don't share the supplies with me. You have to be full or you won't have any energy."

Suppressing the protests from her internal organs, Luo Li used her immense willpower to shift her gaze away from the piping hot steamed buns and looked towards Qin Sheng. With a light smile, she persuaded, “I’ll still have to rely on you to defeat the strong enemies later. If you lose, then I’ll definitely lose my life as well. Eat up, don’t worry about me.”

What a good lady!

She had a noble status and was as beautiful as a flower. Furthermore, she had a gentle personality and was kind and generous. Such a fairy was simply rare in this world. One would not be able to find one even if they carried a lantern!

How did I, Qin Luo, deserve to meet her?!

In order not to let her down, I will listen to her. Ahem, listen to her!

"Delicious!"

Tears welled up in Qin Luo’s eyes. Under Luo Li’s gentle voice, he took back the bun that he had handed over and stuffed it into his mouth.

Hmm!

How fragrant!

"Gulong…"

Some sort of protesting voice rang out once more. However, Qin Sheng, who was immersed in the delicacies, ignored it and ate the bun one mouthful at a time, as steady as an old dog.

"Ah! I'm full, I'm full!"

After two big buns went down his stomach, his hunger bar immediately dropped to 0. Qin Sheng gulped down a bottle of clear water and let out a long burp. Only then did he pat his stomach in satisfaction and slump onto the ground like a pig that had eaten its fill.

"Gulong…"

"Gulong…"

"Gulong…"

Qin Sheng suppressed his laughter as he listened to Luo Li's stomach growling beside him. He looked over and saw that the girl, who had been dignified just a moment ago, was now blushing to her neck and ears. She had her head lowered and was so shy that she almost buried her head in her chest.

"You must be hungry!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head with a smile and stopped teasing her. He then took out two meat buns and a bottle of water from his backpack and handed them over. He said gently, "Eat, I still have a lot here.—Remember, don't do this in the future. You can think for others. That's your kindness. It's beautiful, but you can't hurt yourself because of it. That will make the people who care about you and like you feel very uncomfortable."

"Thank you!"

Smelling the fragrance of the meat buns and hearing those considerate and gentle words, Luo Li felt as if her heart was touched by something. It was soft and warm.

She raised her head and looked at the boy in front of her who had a gentle and doting smile on his face. She could not help but smile. It was no longer a noble smile, but a smile from the bottom of her heart. It was gentle and beautiful, intoxicating.

"I don't have any strength left!"

Just when she wanted to stretch her hand out, Luo Li realised that she had rested for such a long time, yet she couldn’t even lift her hand. Looking at the meat bun that was so close to her, smelling the rich fragrance that was constantly entering her nose, her eyes turned red, blue and thin, mushrooms.