Chapter 155: The Mastermind Appears

After sighing!

Qin Luo Sheng lowered his head and looked at Luo Li, who he had tightly hugged and protected. Seeing her motionless, he thought that she was injured and anxiously asked, “Are you alright?”

“I’m fine!” Luo Li remained silent for a few seconds before replying in a soft voice that was filled with shyness, “You, let go of me!”

"Oh, okay!"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat reluctant to part with the soft jade, Wen Xiang, but he wasn’t a hooligan. He only liked to flirt with girls. Seeing Luo Li’s already red ears, he knew that she was truly shy. With a silly smile, he gently let her go.

"Have you recovered a little?"

Seeing that Luo Li had lowered her head without saying anything, Qin Sheng knew that she was embarrassed, so he did not expose her and changed the topic. “Can we use the returning scroll now?”

"Yes, I've recovered a little."

Nodding her head, Luo Li replied, “After eating, I gained some strength and suppressed some of the poison. Although I can’t fight, I can still use scrolls.”

"That's good!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a breath of turbid air as he helped Luo Li up. Taking out a return scroll, he passed it over to her. “Then, let’s leave. Killing three of the underlings of the mastermind, he definitely won’t let this matter rest. Who knows, he might even personally make a move. We shouldn’t stay here for too long, it’s better to leave as soon as possible.”

“Okay!” Luo Li nodded her head in agreement.

Qin Qin Sheng did not know, but how could she not know how powerful the mastermind was?

If she hadn't been poisoned, she would have been completely fearless at her peak. But now, she couldn't even lift her sword, so how could she fight?

"Leave first!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled at Luo Li. Without waiting for her response, he ran straight towards the crater where Hun You had exploded. “I’ll go pick up something.”

Luo Li: “…”

"Tsk tsk, this is really tragic. Not even a corpse remains!"

Qin Luo took two steps and three steps. He quickly ran to the deep pit and looked around. He could not even find a single fragment of Hun You's body and could not help but shake his head regretfully.

Such a beautiful girl was gone just like that. It was such a waste. It was a pity that they were on different sides. Otherwise, it would be great if they could have a friendship exchange.

"Fortunately, the spoils of war were not destroyed by the self-destruction. Otherwise, would I have worked so hard just for that bit of experience points and reputation?"

Glancing at the deep pit, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the twinkling starlight inside.

It was already cruel enough that his corpse was gone and he couldn't gather any good items. If he didn't even have his equipment, then he would have lost.

He jumped down and skillfully swept everything into his backpack, ignoring the high temperature. He did not miss a single copper coin.

"Hey, aren't you done yet?"

Qin Sheng had yet to bare his teeth and pat his painful spot when he heard Luo Li’s voice.

"You haven't left?"

Qin Sheng couldn’t help but widen his eyes as he looked at Luo Li, who was standing alone like a goddess. “What are you doing here? You’re the mastermind’s target. Why aren’t you running?”

“I’m waiting for you!” Luo Li gently smiled. “If you’re not leaving, I’m not leaving either.”

Qin Sheng:…

Mother Mushroom, is this a confession?

Right?

Right!

Don't flirt with me, alright?

You don't know how you look, your identity, your tone, and your gaze are all accurate. If you don't believe me, listen to me. My heart is beating like a drum.

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help revealing a gentle smile as he looked into Luo Li’s eyes. “Let’s go back together!”

Luo Li did not speak as she replied with a sweet smile.

However!

Qin Luo did not move, nor did Luo Li.

"Don't lie to me. You only have this Teleportation Scroll, right?"

Tears welled up in Luo Li’s eyes as she sobbed, “Are you trying to give me the chance to escape so that you can die here?”

Qin Sheng:…

Young girl!

Your imagination is too big!

How could someone as afraid of death as me send myself to my death?

“I do have only one return scroll, but I have other ways to leave.”

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched as he said, "You saw the spatial leap I made when I was far away from Hun You's self-destruction, right? I can use it to leave this place. You don't have to worry about me."

He had indeed only bought two return scrolls when he first entered Star Glory City.

One gold coin was too expensive.

If it wasn't for the fact that his "Weeping Soul” time was precious and he didn't want to run back to the city from a faraway leveling ground to waste the time the K Monsters spent leveling up and fighting the BOSS, he wouldn't have been so generous as to spend thousands of RMB to buy a consumable item to quickly return to the city.

Although he had bought two return scrolls, he only had one in his backpack because he had already used one when he bought it.

This was something that could not be helped!

At that time, the mainframe had released five videos to test the world. Everyone knew about it, causing his equipment and appearance in the game to be exposed.

When he first entered Star Glory City, he was immediately discovered by the sharp-eyed players and immediately became restless. Then, he was chased by a group of players with different goals. In order to escape from them, he had no choice but to use a return scroll to leave. In order to hide his identity, he even spent a huge sum of money to buy a set of clothes and a mask from the tailor shop. His heart ached so much.

"You're lying!"

Luo Li said with some excitement, “It’s impossible to use Spatial Skills continuously. You just used it to save me, so you definitely can’t use it for a short period of time. You want to trick me into leaving, right?”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Young girl!

You've really misunderstood!

I can really f*cking leave. Can you stop imagining things?

Disdain aside, Qin Luo Sheng was truly touched in his heart right now. Luo Li’s actions at this moment were sufficient to prove that she was kind and that he had not saved the wrong person.

"Alright, alright. I'll leave first!"

Looking at the stubborn Luo Li, Qin Sheng knew that if he did not leave, she would definitely not leave as well. Thus, he could only say with a headache, “Don’t delay anymore. Otherwise, we really won’t be able to leave.”

As he spoke, Qin Sheng was about to use the supplementary ability of the Lord of the Stars—Starlight Backtrack, a BUG skill that could clear the cooldown time of the skill to zero. With it, it was enough to directly restore the user to a state that could be used immediately with a one-hour CD jump.

"Leave? Since you're here, you should stay obediently!"

However, just as Qin Sheng was about to make his preparations, he suddenly heard an extremely cold and arrogant voice. It made his entire body tremble, as if he had been targeted by a prehistoric beast. The fear that was imprinted deep in his genes instantly burst forth and he could not move for a moment.

"It's you?"

Luo Li’s earlier words, which were similar to confessing, had caused her to blush. However, when she saw who it was, her blush quickly faded away and her face turned extremely pale.