Chapter 157: Hidden Entanglement, Tragedy Of The Luo Family (2)

"So what?" Luo Qin said. "Didn't I give that treasure to that old dog Luo Lin? He didn't want it and gave it to my father. Could it be that he regretted it and wanted to take it back? My father didn't allow it, so he exterminated the entire Luo Clan?"

"Brother Luo Qin, you've misunderstood!"

Luo Li replied, “That treasure isn’t a treasure, but a demonic artifact.”

“Magic artifact?” Rochin was stunned. “Could it be?”

“That’s right, it’s the Demonic Artifact that you know of.” Luo Li nodded her head with a solemn expression. “It’s something that was left behind from the Great War of the Gods and Devils. It’s a Demonic Artifact that was sacrificed by the Demon Clan to the Demon God. It’s a Demonic Artifact that’s offered to the Demon God. It possesses an extraordinary evil ability.”

“When the devil items first appeared, heaven and earth changed color, the sun and moon lost their light, ghosts wept and wolves howled. The allied forces of the destiny continent that had launched the counterattack suffered heavy losses, and were almost destroyed.”

"Later on, many races worked together and paid a huge price to summon their own race to worship God. They had to inject some divine force into the race's divine weapon to barely resist."

"However, this is only to maintain an equilibrium. If too much time is wasted, the demons will still occupy the upper hand. After all, there is a limit to the amount of divine power. The source of power for the demon artifacts is blood and soul, resentment and despair and other negative emotions. These are everywhere on the chaotic battlefield."

"In the end, the Goddess of Destiny appeared. Under her mighty divine power, those evil demonic artifacts were either sealed or weakened, and the strength of the Demon Army greatly declined. Then, ten experts of various races were nurtured, and they were bestowed with the power of origin. Their strength increased exponentially, and they swept across the strong of the Demon Race. Only then did the Demon Race completely lose, and then they were driven out of the continent of Destiny without being able to resist."

"However, even though the devils were defeated and heavily wounded, and they returned to the barren Devil World, it was difficult for them to stir up any waves, but they were not extinct. Therefore, the survivors who did not manage to evacuate in time still retained some hope.

"These defeated soldiers have been hiding for so many years. A large portion of them have been wiped out, and some died from heavy injuries. However, not all of them are dead. They have been lying low, waiting for the right time to open the passage to the underworld and continue the invasion."

At this point, Rochin also understood. He muttered, "Could it be that the unique treasure Father brought back is the legendary Demon Weapon?"

“That’s right!” Luo Li continued, “Furthermore, that Demonic Artifact isn’t a Low Rank Demonic Artifact. Its owner was once one of the three Demon Kings under the Demon Lord, the Demon King of Fear. In the past, the Goddess of Fate couldn’t even destroy it. She could only weaken its abilities and seal a portion of its functions.”

"Then, why?" Locsin's voice trembled. "Why did my father obtain such a magic artifact?"

"During the war between gods and devils, the demons fell into a disadvantageous position later on. They were crushed on the main battlefield. Faced with the allied forces with unlimited supplies, they were ultimately not on their own territory and couldn't fight a prolonged war at all. If this continues, they will definitely be utterly defeated.

"In order to resolve this dilemma, the Demon Lord could not help but think of another way. As a result, he sent the Demon King of Fear, one of the three Demon Kings, to make a detour and launch a surprise attack. He planned to cut off the supply source of the allied forces and also cut off the connection between the frontlines and the rear. He would attack from both sides and kill the main force of the allied forces."

“However, the Demon Lord’s scheme didn’t succeed. The army led by the Dreadfiend King was discovered. Not only did they not succeed in their surprise attack, they were surrounded and imprisoned.”

“The Dreadfiend King’s strength is tyrannical, and he also possesses the Demon Weapon, the Dreadfiend Wheel. He broke through the encirclement and escaped with heavy injuries. From then on, his whereabouts are unknown.”

"Without the Fear Devil King cutting off the supply, the Devil Race was quickly defeated. After countless sacrifices, the remnants of the Devil Race were finally able to retreat to the Devil World. However, the whereabouts of the Fear Devil King had always been a mystery. It was only when the energy of the hidden Dark Devil Cave erupted that their whereabouts were exposed."

"He escaped with his injured body. After such a long time, he was unable to be treated. The Dreadlord was already at the end of his rope and was on the verge of death. Even if he resisted with all his might, he was still no match for the Dreadlord and died."

"At that time, no one recognized him as the Fearsome Demon King. They only thought that he was an ordinary demon. After all, the Fearsome Demon King's strength was deeply rooted in people's hearts. Even children knew that he was not so weak."

"But your father is different. He recognized it. While his subordinates were investigating if there were any remnants of the demon race, he took away the Dreadfiend King's Demon Weapon, the Dreadfiend Wheel. As a result, he was influenced by the Demon Weapon and controlled his mind."

"Impossible!" Luo Qin roared. "My father is not that kind of person. Didn't he give all the spoils of war to your father, Old Dog Luo Lin? It was Old Dog Luo Lin who didn't want them and gave them to him. Yes, it was Old Dog Luo Lin. It was him. He saw the danger of the Demon Weapon and gave it to my father. He wanted to harm the Luo Clan."

“Shut up!” Being called an old dog by his father, even a kind-hearted child like Luo Li couldn’t help being enraged. “You should know very well whether I am or not.”

"At that time, was your father's loot the Frightening Wheels? It was just a spirit treasure contaminated by demonic Qi. You saw it with your own eyes."

"When my father saw that your father had rendered meritorious service in exterminating the demons, and that he was willing to sacrifice his life for the Luo Family, he finally bestowed it to him. He even wrote a letter to the Divine Shrine's High Priest, asking him to personally take action and use the majestic power of light to dispel the demonic Qi on the spirit treasure. Isn't such a generous reward enough?"

Luo Qin was speechless!

"The power of a Demon Weapon is terrifying. Your father could not control it and use it as a tool. Instead, he controlled it and turned it into a slave."

Ignoring Luo Qin, Luo Li continued to speak about the secrets of the past, “His abnormality couldn’t be hidden from my father. At that time, my father was still preparing to save him. However, your father had already entered his mind and was tied together with the Demon Wheel of Fear, so he couldn’t escape.”

“With no other choice, father invited the Divine Shrine’s High Priest over. However, even after spending three days, the forty-nine Divine Shrine’s High Priests were still unable to purify the Demon Wheel of Terror’s demonic energy, nor were they able to sever the connection between it and your father. Finally, when the High Priests were exhausted, the Purification Array broke on its own and your father escaped.”

"Because of your father, your Luo Family was affected by the Demonic Qi released by the Dreadfiend Wheel. They were all corroded and turned into devils. Father sought the High Priest's help to purify them, but the Demonic Qi of the Dreadfiend Wheel was too high-level, and the High Priests could do nothing about it. For the countless citizens of Star Brilliance City, Father could only bear with the pain and kill them."

Hearing those words, Luo Qin was dumbfounded. He didn’t want to believe it, but he could deceive others, and couldn’t deceive himself. He knew that everything that Luo Li had said was the truth. Unable to refute it, he could only mutter as if he was possessed, “No, this isn’t true. You’re lying to me, you’re lying to me…”