Chapter 153: Battle (1)

【删除】

He did not activate Absolute Damage, reducing all attributes by 20%!

However!

It was enough!

To deal with a weakling like Hun You, as long as he surpassed her in speed and stuck to her, she would be chased to death unless she could fly into the sky or flee into the ground. It would be a great deal if her attributes were reduced by 10%.

"Ah!—Stinky man, get lost!"

After the one-second stun ended, Hun You, who had suffered a heavy slash, immediately panicked. However, he was an expert who had been through hundreds of battles after all. He did not panic and immediately came up with the best plan. The energy in his body shot out like a magician's resistance ring, forcing Qin Sheng back.

"A magical BOSS?"

As soon as Soul Nether made her move, Qin Sheng knew her positioning. She was the same as the Naga Queen who had fought in the Beginner's Village. She was a magical Boss. No wonder her health and defense were so weak.

"I like it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up. Without any hesitation, he enhanced the Spirited Snake Steps and Spiritual Movement Techniques to increase his speed. Then, he activated the Skywolf and his attacks increased exponentially.

He took out the Berserk Potion, thought for a moment, and then stuffed it back.

This thing was strong, but it could increase physical damage by 20% with a single bottle. However, it was still a consumable item. He had gotten it from Wu Lin, so he didn't have much left on him. He would use it sparingly. If he encountered a troublesome BOSS, he would think about it again. The person in front of him was not worthy.

Swish…

-7544!

Just as Qin Luo was using his augmentation technique, Hun You, who had relied on resisting the energy to increase the distance between them, launched an attack without hesitation. A grey energy ball condensed at extreme speed burst forth from his hand and struck Qin Luo in the blink of an eye.

"Ding! You have been hit by a decaying ball of light. Your health points decrease by 500 points per second. Duration: 30 seconds!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

“What the fuck?”

The intense pain coming from his chest made Qin Sheng unable to endure it for a while. When he cried out, the abnormal damage caused by the attack that took away half of his HP and the cold reminder from the system made him swallow back his scream.

What the hell was this?

A magic ball had reduced his health bar by nearly half. Wasn't that too ridiculous?

Not only that!

The magic ball also had a special ability. The loss of 500 Health Points per second for 30 seconds was equivalent to 15,000 points.

Hiss…

How terrifying!

"Strong Recovery Potion!"

He drank the special potion after sublimation, and his Health Points instantly increased by 2000 points.

“Intermediate Life Potion!”

He quickly drank another bottle of Store Potion and recovered 300 health points per second for 15 seconds. Although it could not be compared to the 500 health points that decreased per second, it could at least offset a lot. In addition, [Life Prayer] recovered 1% health points per second. With the two added together, the health points that decreased per second would only be less than 30 health points. It was totally OK!

Swish!

At this moment, Hun You's second attack arrived!

"So fast?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised. The last attack was only a little more than a second away. Such a powerful magic ball could actually reach the level of almost instantaneous release. Wasn't this disgusting?

"I wasn't paying attention just now and was successfully ambushed by you. Now you want to do it again?—Dream on!"

After increasing his speed, Qin Sheng's speed was already so fast that it was about to reach the sky. He easily dodged the rapidly approaching magic ball. His body moved slightly and he disappeared on the spot. "Instant Slash!"

-1,3885!

Qin Sheng couldn't help but smile when he saw that Qin Luo had cut off almost 14,000 of Hun You's health points.

Your attack is strong and your attack speed is fast. It is indeed impressive, but so what? I have stronger attacks than you, faster attack speed, and faster speed than you. I also have a powerful evasion ability. Two close combat skills and a mere magical Boss, what can you use to fight me?

"Chop!"

A heavy sword without a sharp edge was a big coincidence.

A simple and unadorned slash sent Hun You into the sky. He remained in the air for three seconds, unable to move.

Seizing this opportunity!

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Five consecutive strikes landed precisely on the completely immobile Hun You. Under Qin Sheng's control, each strike landed on her throat.

-8,335!

-8,335!

-8,335!

-1,2557!

-1,6872!

The fixed 120% damage was not absolute. Even though [Coiling Dragon Water] did not have any perverse effects such as Destruction, Penetration and Cripple, Qin Sheng's crazy attack on a single point resulted in a weak point effect due to the overlapping damage. The damage would naturally be increased.

Again!

Extreme Speed Thrust. The effect of the skill was obvious. The five slashes only took 1 second. As for Slash Slash, there was 3 seconds of stagnation. There were 2 seconds left for Qin Sheng to perform to his heart's content.

"Poke!"

"Poke!"

"Poke!"

Qin Luo did not use any skills. He only used normal attacks. He did not use wide-open slashes and heavy slashes. Instead, he followed the foundation laid down by extreme speed stabbing. He drew his bow left and right, stabbing madly continuously. Taking advantage of his weakness, he continuously attacked Hun You's already opened throat. The damage continued to overlap and deepen.

Two seconds later!

Hun You recovered his ability to move and reacted swiftly. He held his throat as his figure flashed and vanished on the spot, causing Qin Sheng's following attacks to miss.

Blink?

Interesting!

It was normal for a high-level mage to have such a life-saving method.

However!

It's still not enough!

Want to get rid of my attack? How can I let you do as you wish!

"Leopard Tu!"

His hidden trump card had been revealed. This was a skill that he had not even used to fight Ghost Skeleton or the Iron Zombie. In an instant, Qin Luo's speed skyrocketed. His body was like an arrow released from a bowstring as he dashed madly towards Hun You, who had flashed out 20 meters away.

"Damn brat!"

Hun You was furious. He gritted his teeth and waved the bone scepter in his hand. Energy surged and dark flames suddenly appeared. They were like agile fire serpents, twisting as they shot forward like Gatling.

"As expected of a battle-hardened BOSS, very wise!"

In the face of the sudden appearance of the fire snake, Qin Sheng exclaimed in admiration, "Knowing that my speed is inferior to the enemy, I immediately opened up a distance and fully utilized the advantage of being a mage. The firepower is all over the place and I activated the bombardment of the map.—Then, how should I break out of this situation?"

Instant Chop and Shadow Assault were both cooling down. Qin Luo Sheng had no way of passing through the range of the firepower at the front, even if he had three speed enhancements.

"A temporary retreat?"

Qin Luo Sheng pondered. "No, once we retreat, it will be as difficult as ascending to the heavens if we want to get closer. Who knows what other moves this Hun You guy has? Mages have many life-saving skills. If we don't take advantage of the time when she's panicking and stick close to him, it will be terrible once she regains her breath and activates her artillery abilities."

"Since I've decided to risk my life, there's only one way!"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze was resolute. As he charged forward ferociously, the glow of his skills began to bloom.