Chapter 159: The Battle Begins

"Shut up!"

Gu Qingfeng shouted, "Is the City Lord someone you can insult?"

"Brother Gu, why are you wasting your breath on this naturally rebellious wolf cub?"

Ye Guhong shook his head and stopped the fiery-tempered old brother. He snorted and said, "In the past, the City Lord took pity on him for being the last descendant of the Battle God Pavilion Luo Clan and could not bear to reprimand him. We have nothing to say."

“However, not only did this wolf brat not know how to repay kindness, but he even went from bad to worse. Not only did he brazenly kidnap the Eldest Young Miss, but he also stirred up trouble here, turning the entire mass grave into a mess. He killed countless pedestrians and caravans, causing everyone in Star Glory City to be in a state of panic. Even so, the city lord endured it again and did not make up his mind to destroy him.”

"The situation is different now!"

"No matter what, this wolf cub still walked on the same path as his old fogey father. He threatened the comfort of the entire Star Glory City and touched the bottom line of the City Lord."

"Brother Ye is right!” The hot-tempered Gu Qingfeng glanced at Luo Qin and shook his head lightly. He said with a cold expression," This demon brat has been corroded by the Demonic Qi of the Dreadfiend Wheel and is already beyond saving. Brother Ye, we should send him to hell and reunite with that old ghost Luo Jie.”

"Hahahaha…" Before Ye Guhong could reply, Luo Qin suddenly burst out laughing. "You haven't changed at all. You were like this when you were young. You're still the same now. You treat outsiders coldly and arrogantly. You never look at people in the eye, but you treat Luo Lin that old dog with respect. You look like a loyal dog. It's disgusting."

"Looking at you?"

Gu Qingfeng sneered and said, "Who do you think you are? Do you think you are worthy enough for me to look at you? Why don't you take a piss and see what kind of character you have? What right do you have?"

"Alright, alright. Old friend, don't be angry!"

Ye Guhong had a slight headache when faced with Gu Qingfeng's violent temper. He stopped him slightly before looking at Luo Qin and saying in a stiff tone, "Luo Qin, you said that we won't look at you directly. Have you ever thought about why?"

"Why?"

Luo Qin sneered. "It's all because you're pretending to be high and mighty. You think you're the Luo family's worshipers. You're so powerful that even that old dog Luo Lin has to rely on you. Our Luo family is just a vassal of the Luo family. To put it nicely, we're family servants, but in reality, we're just dogs. You look down on me and throw a tantrum. What's there to say?"

"You're wrong!"

Ye Guhong shook his head and said, "If it's as you said, have you ever seen us treat others the same way?"

Rochin was stunned.

"There are many vassal clans in the Luo Clan, and your Luo Clan is just one of them. You were chosen to join the Luo Clan and serve as the young mistress' playmate. You aren't the only one!"

Ye Guhong continued, "Even though Brother Gu and I are cold and aloof, we have never looked down on you. The reason why we treat you differently is because you have evil intentions."

Rochin:…

"Don't deny it!"

Seeing that Luo Qin wanted to refute, Ye Guhong directly interrupted him. "Although your thoughts are deep and you are extremely shrewd, you are still just a child. Even if you try your best to disguise yourself, you can't hide it from our eyes."

“That’s impossible. I’ve never revealed my cover. My disguise is perfect. You’re lying to me.” Rochin couldn’t believe he’d been seen through when he was a kid. He was yelling and trying to look tough.

"Perfect? Hehe!"

Gu Qingfeng couldn't help but interject. "Demon brat, are you mocking the eyesight of Old Ghost Ye and me? How do you think we spent decades roaming the continent when we were young? Traveling and playing? If we couldn't even see through your flawless disguise, would the City Lord make us the offerings of the Luo Clan?"

"At that time, we knew that your motive was not simple. We reported it to the City Lord and wanted the City Lord to transfer you out of the Luo Family. You are not allowed to get close to Missy."

Ye Guhong said, "It was the City Lord who did not do so out of consideration for the generations of friendship between your Luo Clan and the Luo Clan. He chose to believe you, and he also chose to believe that the kind Eldest Young Lady could use her good intentions to lead you onto the right path. Unfortunately, the City Lord still believed the wrong person in the end. You are the same as your father, Old Ghost Luo Jie. Both of you are traitors who cannot be nurtured."

Rochin:…

"Now that things have come to this, it's useless to say anything more!"

Ye Guhong shook his head and stopped talking. His body shook as he burst forth with an incomparably tyrannical might. "Since you've chosen this path, then you must bear the consequences of failure. Star Glory City will never allow a demon to appear and bring disaster to the common people. Especially since this demon was raised by the City Lord's Estate. Today, let me and Brother Gu correct the mistake that should have ended ten years ago."

"You want a hard one? That's what I want! Hahaha…"

Luo Qin laughed wildly: "Old dog, Old dog Ye, do you still think I, Luo Qin, am the Luo Qin of the past? You think highly of yourselves, today let me teach you a lesson.—Dreadfiend Wheel, bestow your strength to me!"

“Not good, it’s the Dreadfiend Wheel!”

Seeing that Luo Qin had summoned a pitch-black wheel that was emitting an ominous aura, Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong's expressions changed drastically.

"We can't let him continuously deepen his connection with the grinding wheel!" Gu Qingfeng waved his hand, and an ancient bronze sword appeared in his hand. Without waiting for Ye Guhong to speak, his body was like an arrow that had left the bowstring as he pounced forward. "Old Ye, hold the line for me. There's no need to talk about morality when dealing with the demonic bastard. To prevent any unexpected mishaps from occurring, let's use all our strength and end this quickly."

"Alright!"

Ye Guhong nodded and agreed. With a sway of his body, an incomparably gorgeous long robe instantly covered his entire body. He held a scepter that looked like a tree vine in his hand. As he chanted, the fist-sized green Magic Stone at the top of the scepter was emitting dazzling brilliance.

Holy shit!

Was the fight between the gods about to begin?

As he withdrew his power and transferred it to the two invaders, Qin Sheng returned to normal.

Even though the three powerful NPCs were using their full strength, their terrifying aura spread and shook the heavens and earth.

However!

It was merely an aura, not a suppression of power like Rochin's. With the [Medal of Courage] ignoring all pressure, Qin Sheng was completely unaffected.

"What should we do now?"

After returning to normal, Qin Sheng ran towards Luo Li without any hesitation. At this moment, staying with her was definitely the safest.

Why?

Didn't they see that the two powerful NPCs were the offerings of the Luo Family?

At this moment, he was here to save Luo Li. How could he allow her to be injured?

"Come, come, come, let's start recording. This kind of battle between powerful NPCs can only be chanced upon by luck! If we're lucky today, how can we not seize the opportunity to do something? Wasting such a great opportunity will be like lightning striking the sky!"