Chapter 152: Netherworld General—Hun You!

Buzz…

However!

Just as Qin Luo Sheng had an infatuated look on his face, his eyes were bloodshot and his cheeks were flushed red. Just as he was about to step forward and do something to the woman, the [Medal of Courage] on his chest suddenly emitted a special pulse that entered his heart before shooting straight to his spirit.

Instantly!

Qin Luo was startled awake!

"F*ck! I almost fell for it!"

If he still did not know what had happened, Qin Sheng could have committed suicide.

He didn't expect that this strange woman was actually an expert in bewitching techniques. From the moment he looked at her, he had already fallen into her trap.

The longer his gaze stayed on her, the more he was charmed. If not for the [Courage Medal] 's special effect [Courage], which was immune to negative mental effects, waking him up, he would have lost without a fight and been controlled by her.

That was close!

"He has some skill!"

He had almost been seduced by a woman in front of Luo Li. Thinking back to how he had been flirting with her just a moment ago, and now he had "cheated" in front of her in the blink of an eye, he was ultimately not the scumbag Qin Sheng. He flew into a rage out of humiliation. "Let me see just what kind of background you have to dare to touch Grandpa Tai Sui's head."

Probing skill!

[Netherworld General—Soul Nether (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: LV 20

Health Points: 450,000

Attack: 8500

Defense: 1,500

Speed: 500

Skills:???

Introduction: Hun You’s origin is unknown. The first Specter race skeleton that was born in the mass grave absorbed the resentment of countless corpses that were thrown into the mass grave. It plundered the Yin energy and gradually strengthened itself. In the end, it became the ruler of the Specter Territory and became known as the Netherworld Great General. Not long ago, an abnormality occurred at the mass grave. Hun You submitted to a mysterious person and became a general under his command. Together with two other experts, they attacked the Rose Knight Legion that came to investigate. They captured their commander, Luo Li, and prepared a special ceremony.

I see!

He was right!

From ghost skeleton to iron zombie, then from iron zombie to soul shadow!

The three Domain BOSSes in the mass grave had finally gathered.

He had already guessed that this would be the case. However, he did not expect that the three heroes that the mastermind subdued, the three Great Generals, and the last one was actually a female Boss.

Unlike the terrifying skeletons like the skeletons, the iron zombies, and the disgusting zombies, Hun You's appearance was indeed different, truly unexpected.

However!

So what if she was beautiful?

They were still enemies after all!

And!

This kind of diversionary tactic could only deceive those useless people whose minds were full of insects. He was still too inexperienced to deceive the "well-read" him.

Even a fool would know that the existence born in the mass grave was like this.

Are you bullying me for not studying enough?

In the end, it was a powerful Yin spirit. If it didn’t have any ability, would it be able to become such a powerful existence and share the mass grave with the skeletons and iron zombies?

If he was not wrong, Hun You's "weapon" should be her charm, or more accurately, her powerful mental strength.

Furthermore!

Not only did Hun You have a high level of spiritual power, but her other abilities were also not bad. Looking at her attributes, even though her health points were low and not comparable to the average Ghost Skeleton, or even half of the Blood Bull Iron Zombie, her attack power was the strongest. It was as high as 8,500 + and her speed was actually 500 points. It was simply terrifying.

"That's interesting!"

Qin Sheng was not afraid after discovering Hun You's powerful attribute. Instead, he became even more excited.

Hun You was strong, but not invincible.

Like Gui Ku and the iron zombie, Hun You's weakness was very obvious.

As a melee fighter who mainly relied on speed and attack, Qin Sheng loved brittle skin like Hun You.

So what if his attack was high?

Isn't dancing on the tip of a knife even more HIGH?

It was only through violence that one's blood would boil. Fighting with the skeleton and the metal zombie, even though they had been holding their noses and beating them up, they were still being chased like dogs. This feeling was very unpleasant.

"I underestimated you. I didn't expect you to be able to escape my mental charm. As expected of Miss Luo's little man, you're quite capable!"

Seeing that Qin Luo had actually broken free from his control, Hun You was very surprised. He said in disbelief, "No wonder you were able to get rid of those two pieces of trash, Gui Ku and Tie Jiang. Indeed, you are not the weak chicken we thought you were, but the Elite Armament sent by that old fox from the Luo clan to save his daughter. Truly detestable. You actually pretended to be weak, playing the pig to eat the tiger, and lured us out one by one to die."

Qin Sheng:…

I'll tell you!

This lady!

What the hell are you thinking?

‘ I know all the words you say, but I don’t understand the conjoined meaning.’

We're strangers who met each other for the first time, and we don't have any enmity between us, so why are you slandering me like this? If this gets out, how am I going to survive in the future? People who don't know might really think that I'm such a simple-minded person, a schemer that you call scheming! Am I innocent?

"Hmph, did I hit the nail on the head? Damn stinky man!"

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

Just say whatever you want, as long as you're happy!

“Don’t try to force me to renege on my promise. Hurry up and accept your death. I’m in a hurry!”

Luo Li did not dare to delay any further. What if she misunderstood? Raising his right hand, the Coiling Dragon Li Water’s blade was piercingly cold as it pointed straight at Hun You.

"What arrogance!"

Knowing that his charm had no effect on the man in front of him, Hun You didn't waste his expression. He restrained his fake charm and returned to his original self. He sneered and said, "Do you really think I'm trash like Gui Ku and Tie Jiang? I love to toy with stupid big fellows like you!”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Toying with me?

Holy shit!

How can you taint someone's innocence?

GDX!

You really can’t bear to look at others, alright? You actually dare to attack my heart and drive a wedge between my relationship with Luo Li. How vicious! If I don’t tear you into pieces today, my surname won’t be Qin.

"Hun You, right? Perhaps you've misunderstood me. Although I'm wearing heavy armor and wielding a longsword, I'm not the big, stupid person you call me!”

Qin Luo explained kindly.

“Oh?”

Hun You was interested. “Then what’s different about you?”

"What's the difference?"

A mysterious smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's lips as he winked at Hun You. In the next moment, his body disappeared with a 'swoosh'.

“What? When?”

Hun You looked at Qin Luo who had just disappeared under his eyelids and had yet to react when he suddenly heard the man's cold voice abruptly ringing in his ears. His pupils constricted on the spot and his entire body quivered. He was so scared that he almost peed his pants.

"Shadow Stab!"

Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab!

After Ghost Skeleton and the iron corpse suffered a huge loss, the last boss of the mass grave, Hun You, was also hit.

"Berserk Strike!"

One second of dizziness = one second of accumulation!

A violent blow was unleashed, accurately hitting Hun You, who was stunned and unable to move. It landed heavily on her neck.

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing Netherworld Great General—Hun You to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 10%!"

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"