Chapter 154: Battle (2)

"Protect!"

The [Forest Hunter's Armor] shook slightly and instantly formed an energy shield that could negate 3,000 points of any damage.

"Spiritual Light, effect 1!"

The Spiritual Light Cloak flickered with silver light. It consumed one Spiritual Light point and gave him a powerful Protection power. Within ten seconds, it reduced all normal damage by 30%!

"Hun You, I'm here!”

Qin Luo was only a little more than a second away from the 20-meter mark. He dashed forward by more than 10 meters. At this moment, his body was about to collide with the fire snake in front.

"Shadow Escape, effect 1!"

With a flash, Qin Sheng's body disappeared from the spot. In an instant, his collision with the fire snake turned into 'throwing himself into a trap' and he plunged into the pile of fire snakes.

First second!

The protective energy shield shattered, and -6,944 Health Points!

Second second!

Activate the skill!

"Shadow Escape, effect!"

When the skill took effect, the Fire Snake continued to attack. Health Points -9,944!

Qin Sheng, who had no more than 17,000 HP in total, suffered two attacks. Even though 30% of the damage was reduced, he still lost more than 16,000 HP, leaving only a tiny bit of HP. He would die if he touched it.

However!

This was already impossible!

Author's Note: [Shadow Escape] LV1, 0 / 5000, Effect (1) consumes 500 Mana, transforms into a shadow, and can teleport anywhere within a 5-meter radius! Cooldown time: 3 minutes! Effect (2) consumes 1000 Mana. Within a 3-meter radius, one can escape into the shadow of the enemy, immune to all physical and magical damage. Lasts up to 5 seconds. Cooldown time: 10 minutes!

)

The key to victory was already in his hands!

Previously…

His soul flickered as he opened up a distance of 20 meters!

He amplified Leopard Rush, and before the fire snake could fully spread out, he ferociously pounced forward and pushed it close to 13 meters. Then, just as the fire snake was about to reach him, he activated Shadow Escape. He flashed forward five meters and plunged into the fire snake, suffering a heavy blow.

However!

It was precisely because of this that the distance between her and Hun You was less than three meters!

This way, it satisfied the effect of Shadow Escape. He directly activated it, turned into a shadow, and escaped into Hun You's shadow, avoiding all physical and magical damage. This time, even if Hun You's attack could destroy the world, it could not cause him any damage. He was completely safe!

“How fierce!”

Qin Luo Sheng hid in the shadow of Hun You as he watched the terrifying scene of the fire snakes wreaking havoc outside. He then took a glance at his blood skin that was in imminent danger and could not help but wipe off his cold sweat. Just a little bit more, just a little bit more. If he had not activated the Spirit Blessing Cloak to reduce his injuries, he would have died by now.

"Magical BOSS is really powerful. I underestimated Spectral Soul!"

Qin Luo Sheng was very scared. In the past, he had always felt that magical Bosses were trash in front of him and could be trampled on at will. After all, he had the physique of a warrior and strong attacking skills. Coupled with the speed and assassination abilities of Bandits, he was simply the nemesis of weak and long-range attacks.

But!

From the looks of it now, he was indeed too arrogant.

After all, he was just a player. Compared to a player, he was naturally invincible. However, compared to a BOSS, he was simply looking for trouble. Thus, Hun You taught him a good lesson.

"Is the eruption over? The eruption is over. It's time for me to lead the battlefield!"

Seeing Qin Luo's figure disappear, Hun You's expression was extremely gloomy. He quickly cut off the supply of magic power, ending the technique that consumed a great deal of magic power. Even so, she was panting slightly, clearly having consumed a great deal of magic power.

"Shadow Stab!"

How could Qin Sheng, who had been eyeing Qin Luo covetously since a long time ago, let go of such a great opportunity? He jumped out of Hun You's shadow without the slightest hesitation. The Coiling Dragon Li Water, carrying extreme rage from almost being killed, stabbed heavily at the back of Hun You's head.

“Shadow Slash!”

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

He swung his sword left and right, unleashing a skill. Two sword rays landed, and almost 50,000 of Hun You's health points were cut.

Probing skill!

Health: 137751 / 450000!

Oh?

Is there less than 140,000 Health Points left?

It seemed like!

The battle was about to end!

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

Qin Sheng took a glance at the Shadow Assault, which had already finished its cooldown. He was temporarily relieved. This time, he had an instantaneous close combat skill. Even if Hun You ran away like before, there was no way he could escape his grasp. He had won this battle.

Relying on his absolute speed advantage, Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to choose the most suitable Rounding Pillar Style of Qin Luo. With Spectral Soul as the center, he moved around her, determined not to face her head-on. He kept moving behind her and attacking ferociously, causing her to be unable to unleash her full power despite her powerful abilities. She could only take the beating passively.

"Brat, go to hell with me!"

Very soon, Hun You's health points dropped drastically under Qin Luo's fierce attack. He was already at the point of death. Unable to do anything, Hun You let out a sharp cry and cursed with a face full of malice. His body began to expand and the energy around him became chaotic.

"Run! She's going to self-destruct!"

Not far away, Luo Li’s anxious voice rang out.

"Self-destruct?"

Qin Luo Sheng’s pupils contracted as he cast a hurried glance at Hun You, who was akin to an evil spirit. His heart turned cold, and before he could respond to Luo Li, his body moved and instantly disappeared from his original location.

"Spatial Jump!"

With the help of his spatial ability, Qin Sheng appeared before Luo Li. Regardless of how cute she looked with her eyes wide open, the situation was urgent and there was no time to ask questions. He quickly grabbed her hand and without waiting for her to react, his arm passed through her delicate neck and beautiful legs. Carrying her up, he then ran away.

Boom…

Just like a violent explosion, a terrifying shock wave rushed over, actually surpassing Qin Sheng, who had three speed enhancement skills on his body. Qin Sheng was the first to strike, ruthlessly slamming into his back. Without any surprise, Qin Luo Sheng, along with Luo Li, flew up once again.

-13,558!

Ding… you have received a powerful impact, 13,558 points of damage!

F*ck!

Qin Sheng was almost scared to death when he heard the system's battle prompt.

Fortunately, he was wise and decisive and did not waste any time. Otherwise, if the power of the self-destruction had been any closer, wouldn't he have died?

It was fortunate that he had used the bloodsucking ability of the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier to maximize his HP. Otherwise, he would not have been able to withstand the 13,000 plus damage from the explosion.

He raised his head and glanced at the place where he'd stood earlier. Hun You's figure was already nowhere to be seen. He could only see that the place where she stood had become a deep pit that was still emitting green smoke.

"How terrifying!"

Qin Qin Sheng still had lingering fears.

Fighting with Hun You took the shortest time. All in all, it only took a little more than half a minute. Coincidentally, when the enhancement effect ended, she self-destructed and died.

However!

This battle was much more dangerous than fighting Gui Ku and the iron zombie.

Fighting with the two big fools in front of him, he had hidden his trump cards and his life was not in danger. Although it was tiring, it was quite comfortable. Yes, it was just beating people up. Who wouldn't know how to do it?

However, Hun You was too terrifying. When that attack landed on his weak magic defense, it simply exploded.

Furthermore!

This guy had a lot of life-saving skills. He could repel attacks, flicker, and even use magic shields. His skills were endless.

The way he attacked was also explosive!

A powerful single-target attack, a fierce area-of-effect attack, and a spiritual attack that caught him off guard.

If not for his numerous skills, the various abilities of the Shadow Warrior, and the immunity effect of the Medal of Courage, the one who would have died would not have been Hun You, but him.

"What a great enemy!"

Qin Luo sighed faintly. "Fortunately, I'm already dead. In the end, I won."