Chapter 156: Hidden Entanglement, Tragedy Of The Luo Family (1)

"I thought it was some priest from the City Lord's Mansion who killed three of my subordinates. I didn't expect it to be a fledgling brat. What a surprise."

The man said, "My plan was flawless. Even that old ghost Luo Lin couldn't react in time. I never expected that you would ruin my plan by accident. Not only did you ruin my plan, but you also kidnapped my bride. Tell me, what should I do to you, brat?"

Qin Luo did not answer.

That’s because, at this moment, his entire body felt as if it was about to freeze. After the person that made Luo Li feel a little fearful appeared and was looked at by his gaze, an endless amount of fear spread throughout his entire body. He found it hard to do anything, not even being able to move a single inch.

"Move, move!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared furiously in his heart. However, there were certain things that could not be changed with one's will. In the face of absolute strength, absolute suppression. Without strength, one was nothing.

"Is the Medal of Courage useless?"

The special effect of the Medal of Courage, Courage, was able to ignore all pressure and negativity. But why was it completely ineffective here? Could it be that this man who was suspected to be the mastermind did not cause her any pressure or control? If not, what should it be?

"This is the man you chose?"

Ignoring Qin Sheng, who couldn’t even move, he looked at Luo Li and asked in a stiff tone.

"You're such a useless piece of trash. You can even intimidate me with the power I naturally emanate. Do you think you're worthy of such an ant?" he said slowly. "You really disappoint me!"

His tone was as sharp as a knife as it stabbed deeply into Qin Luo's heart, dripping with blood.

This was humiliation!

This was blatant humiliation!

He threw his dignity to the ground and stomped on it repeatedly!

However!

So what?

So what if he was extremely furious?

He was right!

In his eyes, she was just an ant.

Since when did humans care about ants?

He definitely wouldn't!

And in his eyes, he naturally did not care about the ant-like him!

Ants were ants. They could forget about ever becoming elephants. Even though Qin Luosheng had killed three of his subordinates, he still felt the same way.

What gave him the confidence to be so arrogant?

Strength!

Powerful enough to control everything.

"It's none of your business!"

Although Luo Li’s face was deathly pale, there wasn’t the slightest bit of fear in her eyes as she looked straight at him. Her expression was firm and unyielding as she said, “Since young, I’ve only treated you as my elder brother. I’ve never had any thoughts about men and women. It’s just that you’re too wishful thinking and too stubborn.”

"Wishful thinking? Hahaha…" He laughed wildly: "You and I were childhood sweethearts, we were both young and innocent. Since we were young, which one of the people around us didn't say that we were a match made in heaven? Your smile had always been for me, why did it become wishful thinking now, I was too persistent?"

"I'm sorry if my smile caused a misunderstanding."

Luo Li’s tone softened. Perhaps it was because she was reminded of the times when they were young and innocent, but she still held on to her beliefs and remained unmoved. “I treat you as an elder brother, and I treat you as family. Therefore, I will let down my guard and remove my mask in front of you. It’s not like I’m outside. In order to maintain the image and reputation of the Luo Family, I will maintain the dignity of the Commander of my Knight Ace Mecha Clan with a cold expression.”

“I don’t believe it!” He roared. “You like me, right? Luo Li, tell me. The one you like is me, not that trash.”

“You and I grew up together. You should understand the people that I’ve interacted with the best.” Luo Li took a deep breath as disappointment surfaced within her eyes. “I’ve never liked a person before. You’re not, and neither is he. Wake up, Big Brother Luo Qin. Don’t be so stubborn. It’s not too late to turn back now.”

"No, that's impossible!” Luo Qin roared madly." Since I've already walked this path, then I can't turn back anymore. Not to mention, what can I do if I turn back? Not only will I lose the formidable strength that I obtained with great difficulty, I won't be able to take revenge for blood. Instead, I'll be captured by that hypocritical father of yours, and he'll annihilate the only remaining seedling of my Luo Clan Village. How could I possibly do as he wishes?”

“You’re already possessed by the devil!” Luo Li shook her head as her eyes moistened. “Perhaps, what my father said is right. You’re not a good person to begin with, and you can’t be entrusted with your life. In the past, I thought that my father looked down on you and gave me excuses. Now, I’m thankful that I followed my heart back then and didn’t agree to your confession. Otherwise, it would be too late for regrets.”

"Shut up!" Luo Qin roared, "It's you, it's your father. The two of you have never taken me seriously. My Luo Clan is indeed inferior to your Luo Clan. For generations, we have been your Luo Clan's henchmen. We will die for your Luo Clan, and we will die without regrets."

“Ever since I was young, I was chosen by my father and sent to the gates of your Luo Family. Your father arranged for me to become your Big Miss Luo Li’s follower, bodyguard, bodyguard, and lackey. I have also accepted my fate.”

"You are the daughter of a rich family, the pride of the heavens. It is my honor to be able to serve you. You can treat me as a servant or a slave, but why do you call me brother? Why do you smile at me? Why do you treat me gently? Why do you give me hope and destroy it with your own hands? Why, why?"

Qin Sheng:…

Luo Li: “…”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know—”

Looking at Luo Qin, who was like a mad dog, Luo Li couldn’t bear to see him like this as she apologised, “I didn’t know that this would cause such a huge problem for you. You and I grew up together, and I truly treat you as my elder brother. I’m not a servant, nor am I a servant.”

"Alright, consider it my wishful thinking!"

Luo Qin regained his composure and said, "However, why did that old dog Luo Lin kill the entire Luo Family? Is it because I asked him to love you? Is he going to destroy the loyal dog family that has followed the Luo Family for hundreds of years just to protect your reputation? How could he bear to do that?"

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked as he looked at Luo Li in disbelief. He couldn’t help recalling the benevolent appearance of the Star Brilliance City’s City Lord. That old fellow was actually so vicious and inhumane?

“What have we done wrong? Exactly what have we done wrong? It’s this toad that overestimates his own abilities and wants to eat swan meat. After failing to confess once, he exterminated our Luo Family’s entire family. He did not even spare our Luo Family’s Ancestral Ground’s Luo Family Village. Instead, he dispatched his army to massacre our entire village, leaving not even a single chicken or dog alive?”

Shit?

So awesome?

Indeed, one should never judge a book by its cover!

Indeed, in front of these big shots who were playing ZZ, I was just a little brother.

"It's not what you think!"

Luo Li saw the change in Qin Sheng’s gaze. For some reason, she felt anxious in her heart. Afraid that he would misunderstand, she immediately explained, “Do you still remember that your father brought back a treasure when he went to the Dark Demon Cave to exterminate the demons?”