Chapter 169: Ding, Your Cheating Has Arrived

"It's not a dream!"

After returning to his room, Qin Sheng closed the door and leaned against it with a solemn expression.

Qin Sheng was still a little suspicious of the wound. However, when he came into close contact with Nan Nan, he could feel her scent, her body temperature, her performance, and all his suspicions.

“So, this thing is real?”

He opened his palm and looked at the Demon Wheel of Fear, which was still as quiet as before. His heart was in a mess when he saw the ferocious and overbearing Luo Qin's sinister appearance in the game world.

Could it be that I, a transmigrator, am like a bug to Blue Star, an abnormal data from a parallel world?

Qin Luo Sheng muttered to himself, "But what's with this real body? And what's with this real pain? Before this, I didn't even know if I was wearing it or if I was wearing it. Now I don't even know. I've been completely knocked out!"

Dressed? Soul Shirt?

Qin Qin was truly clueless.

It was called Soul Piercing, but it was the same as his body on Earth. He had the sun and moon in his palm, and he had the seven stars under his feet. He had the birthmark of the sun, moon, and stars. How could he explain it?

It was said that he was wearing clothes, but why did he possess the memories of Qin Luo from the previous Blue Star? If he was wearing clothes, there shouldn't be any memories of others in his mind.

I don't understand!

Not sure!

I don't understand!

"No more! No more!"

He realized that he seemed to have entered a dead end of his train of thought again. Qin Luo displayed the Forgotten Great Technique once again, throwing away all the confusing thoughts and weirdness that he could not understand.

"The root of everything might be in the Fate Dimension. Even if it is not, Fate Dimension is the closest existence to the truth."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "If I want to find the truth, understand the secrets behind it, or even return to Earth, Fate Dimension is definitely an indispensable part. Using it, I can definitely know everything I want to know."

Initially, he was still a little fearful of Fate Dimension. After all, the appearance of the Dreadfiend Wheel in the real world was enough to prove that the virtual world was not safe. He did not know when he would lose his life. But when he thought of this, he had no choice but to rely on Fate Dimension to find the secret behind him. For a moment, his emotions were very complicated.

"Hai, perhaps this is fate!"

Qin Sheng's expression changed for a long time before he sighed helplessly. "If I want to move forward, I have to rely on the 'Fate Dimension'. Furthermore, I seem to be unable to leave it!"

Poisoned!

That's right!

He was poisoned!

Fate Dimension was indeed poisonous. The name of this poison was—

Internet addiction!

"Speaking of internet addiction, I have a bold idea!"

Qin Qin Sheng's train of thought was very fast. One second, he was still troubled and worried, but the next second, his train of thought jumped to a completely different side. "In my previous life, there were many novels on Earth. One of them was the kind where online gaming and reality combine and affect each other. Could it be that I'm the same?"

Qin Sheng felt as if he had touched upon something. He was also slightly excited, his heart beating faster. He licked his dry lips, his eyes shining with an unknown light. "Why don't we give it a try? Even if the conjecture is wrong, it's nothing, right? If it's as I imagined, maybe…"

The more she thought about it, the more excited she became.

Qin Luo Sheng wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead. His throat moved heavily for a moment as he swallowed his saliva. He excitedly began to experiment with the flash of inspiration in his mind.

"Attribute panel, open!"

This was a voice order that only existed in the virtual world. Qin Sheng, this madman, had used it in real life.

However—

To outsiders, this act was like a lunatic, but…

Qin Sheng

Title: None

Power: 7.21

Constitution: 5.83

Agility: 4.76

Mind: 5.03

Subject:???

Item: Unknown Energy

Equipment: Dread Magic Wheel

Skills: None

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Had it really appeared?

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Qin Luo Sheng could hear the loud beating of his heart.

It was too crazy!

It was too unbelievable!

Initially, it was just a wild fantasy. He never expected that it would actually succeed!

"System, are you there?"

At this moment, Qin Sheng had no choice but to let his imagination run wild again. He thought of the various systems that made transmigration a golden partner and called out softly.

Silence!

He continued to remain silent!

Still silence!

After waiting for a long time, Qin Sheng called out a few more times but received no response.

"I feel like I'm an idiot!"

After singing the solo performance for a long time, Qin Luo's forehead was filled with black lines. Thankfully, no one had seen it. Otherwise, he would have been considered a fool and gone crazy.

"Retreat, retreat, retreat, retreat!"

In a frenzy of self-delusion, the AQ Victory Act was activated, forever sending this dark history into the abyss and sealing it, never allowing it to appear.

"Is it my eyes that have mutated, or do I have a legendary system, or am I connected to 'Fate World' and can exercise the rights of players in the virtual world in real life?"

Qin Qin Sheng could not understand, but that did not stop him from being happy.

The system did not respond!

He called the mainframe. The real world couldn't do it!

However!

Somehow, Qin Sheng seemed to have heard a sentence—

"Ding, your cheat has arrived!"

Could it be that I am really a cheat?

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and concentrated. He chanted in his heart again, "Backpack!"

Instantly, the scene appeared again.

After the characteristic panel, another backpack style similar to the one in the game appeared before Qin Sheng.

“Five space compartments?”

However, this backpack, compared to the virtual world where players had 50 space compartments at the start, was too shabby. There were only five, which was one-tenth of the space compartments in the game.

“Yi, there is still something here?”

Naturally, Qin Luo could see everything in the tiny backpack space. To his surprise, he discovered that there was something hidden inside that was emitting a faint glow.

"Hmm? This thing looks familiar!"

Qin Luo Sheng's consciousness moved, and the pitch-black bead stored in his backpack instantly appeared in his hand. He focused his gaze and a screen of light appeared before his eyes.

Demonic Core (Nine Neonate)

Type: Demonic Core

Grade:???

Requirement:???

Effect:???

Special Feature:???

Ability:???

Qin Sheng:…

She couldn't help but blurt out, "What the f*ck?"

No wonder it was so familiar. Wasn't this the black bead he had picked up at the burial ground?

Unexpectedly, this thing was actually Jiu Ying's beast core. And for some reason, it should have been placed in the backpack of the "Weeping Soul" in the virtual world. Now, it had appeared in the real world, in Qin Luo's "backpack".

Buzz…

There were too many mysteries. However, Qin Sheng's mind was filled with question marks. This time, before he could torture his brain and kill his brain cells, a sudden change occurred.

He saw…

For some reason, when the Nine Neonate's Fey Pill and the Demon Wheel of Fear appeared at the same time, they began to vibrate vigorously, as if they were attracted to each other as they approached each other.

Swish…

The Nine Neonate's demon core turned into a stream of light and directly embedded itself into the empty slot in the middle of the Dreadfiend Wheel. In an instant, its power burst forth and demonic aura filled the entire room.