Chapter 161: Tears And Decisiveness

“Mad? No, I’m not. I’m perfectly normal.”

Rochin tightly gripped the Dreadfiend Wheel and sneered, “Now I’m avenging them, avenging them, and seeking justice from you executioners. How did you kill them back then? Now, I’ll give them a chance to personally kill their enemies.”

Gu Qingfeng:…

“Don’t worry. You’re just the beginning. One day, after I kill you, I’ll lead them into Star Glory City and slaughter that filthy, disgusting place.”

Luo Qin laughed wildly. He couldn't help but feel excited as he looked at the powerful consecrator who used to be unreachable and looked down on him like a god.

"Eldest Young Lady, quickly leave this place!"

Looking at Luo Qin, who was completely bedeviled and unable to be pulled back, Gu Qingfeng felt a chill in his heart as he hurriedly shouted towards Luo Li below.

Right now, he was being tightly entangled by Luo Qin. He couldn’t even take care of himself and couldn’t split himself apart to protect Luo Li. It was the same for Ye Guhong.

Originally, he wanted to stall for time and wait for reinforcements, but Luo Qin didn't give him the chance. He immediately flipped his cards and attacked.

The puppets seemed ordinary, but in reality, they were filled with resentment because of their deaths. They were strengthened and controlled by the demonic wheel, making them far superior to ordinary monsters.

They were powerful and there were many of them. Even he would feel uneasy facing such a formation, let alone the Eldest Young Lady.

Furthermore!

At this moment, Eldest Young Lady was still poisoned and her body was weak. She could not fight at all, which made things worse.

"Trying to run? It's too late!"

With a light wave of Luo Qin’s hand, the demonic wheel’s demonic qi spread out, enveloping the surroundings. This time, not only was there no path to heaven and no door to hell, even the spatial energy was sealed, unable to be used.

"Go! Tear old dog Luo Lin's daughter into pieces!"

Luo Qin roared as the Demonic Wheel of Fear released a faint black light. After receiving the orders from the Demonic Wheel, a group of walking corpses with their souls sealed started to move, moving towards Luo Li.

"Yes, yes, that's it!"

Luo Qin laughed crazily. "Have you experienced it? Have you experienced it? It's this feeling. This helplessness, fear, and despair. It's as if I'm in an abyss. I keep struggling and screaming, but I'm unable to save myself. I can only be devoured by despair bit by bit, dying in darkness, unable to escape."

Gu Qingfeng:…

Ye Guhong:…

Qin Sheng:…

Luo Li: “…”

“You all will never know how I felt at that time, how desperate our Luo Family was. You all do not understand, you all do not understand.”

Two streams of blood flowed out of Luo Qin's eyes as if he had gone mad. "Now, I will return this despair to you intact. I will make you die in extreme pain and despair like the people of the Luo Clan. I will take your souls into the Demon Wheel of Fear and use them for me. I will slaughter my way into Star Brilliance City and exterminate the Luo Clan. I will make all of you sink into eternal oblivion and never reincarnate."

“Demonic bastard, what arrogance!”

Such inhumane words made Ye Guhong, who had a good temper, angry as well. His entire body glowed with green light as violent wind elementals swarmed around him. A sharp aura filled heaven and earth, as if it wanted to cut everything apart.

"Aiyo, I haven't seen Old Ghost Ye so angry in a long time. Looks like you devil brat really angered him!”

When Gu Qingfeng saw this, he was amused as he said with a chuckle, "Since Old Geezer Ye wants to risk his life, how can I, Gu Qingfeng, fall behind him? Fiend brat, your father, Luo Jie, doesn't even have the qualifications to be a big shot in front of me."

Sword Qi howled!

Wind blades surged!

Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong’s combat strengths were truly terrifying when they erupted with their full strength. Luo Qin, who held the Dreadfiend Wheel, and the Dreadfiend Wheel’s avatars, were completely trampled under their feet.

However!

The combination of Rocin and the Dreadfiend Wheel was not that simple. They were not as strong as the two fierce men and were crushed, but they were not completely helpless. At the very least, it was not a problem to hold them back.

However!

The problem was that the densely packed Ghost Puppets were already not far away from Qin Sheng and Luo Li!

Although Luo Qin was being violently beaten up, he had already achieved his objective. He wanted to use himself to stall for time so that the puppet could kill Luo Li.

"This is really difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a headache. "Did I not look at the almanac when I went out today? Why is it so difficult to level up a monster? First, I encountered three Gold Bosses. It wasn't easy for me to defeat them, and now, another idiot has appeared. He wants to exterminate people's entire family at the drop of a hat and massacre an entire city. He must be crazy, right?"

"Run, leave me alone!"

Luo Li anxiously said as she dragged her body, which had just recovered a bit of strength, forward. Her gaze was resolute as she faced the corpses that numbered over a thousand. Her delicate figure stood tall and upright, “Their target is me. I’ll stall them.”

"Hey, hey, hey!"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up as he smiled gently. "Girl, stop pretending. I see that your legs are trembling. Are you scared out of your wits?"

"Who, who's shivering?"

Luo Li’s face turned red as she gave Qin Sheng a fierce glare and snorted, “I just don’t have the strength, not fear. As the commander of the Rose Knight Legion, how can I be afraid of monsters?”

"Yes, yes, yes, I was wrong!"

Qin Sheng, who was affected by Luo Li's flirtatious eye roll, immediately raised his hand and smiled. "Miss Luo is the best in the world!"

"Stop joking around. Don't you know what time it is?!"

Luo Li choked on Qin Sheng’s words and couldn’t help bursting out in laughter. In that instant, it was as if a hundred flowers had bloomed and a snow lotus had bloomed. Looking at Qin Sheng, his face was filled with infatuation.

She said angrily, "What are you looking at? Why aren't you running? This isn't the time to act on impulse. Don't sacrifice yourself for nothing. Keeping your life is more important than anything else."

"You're right!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and agreed with her words. Looking at her suddenly dimmed gaze and forced smile, he strode forward and overtook her, shielding her behind him.

Tilting his head slightly, Qin Sheng shot a glance at Luo Li, his gaze resolute as he smiled. “However, there are some things that are even more important than my life! The woman that I want to protect, I will not allow anyone to harm her before I fall.”

"Stupid fellow!"

Looking at the figure that had already rushed out, Luo Li covered her mouth as large drops of tears fell down. “Really, why are you acting cool?”

Demon Wheel Wraith (Enhanced 3-star Elite)

Level: LV 20

Health Points: 200,000

Attack: 3200

Defense: 1000

Speed: 280

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary soul. Because it was affected by the Demonic Qi of the Demonic Wheel of Fear, it turned into a vengeful spirit and was controlled by the Demonic Wheel. As long as the Demonic Wheel exists and its energy remains, it can be reborn indefinitely, undying and indestructible.