Chapter 165: Health Points -10000

“Well, after all this nonsense, it’s about time.”

With a move of Li Dongliu's hand, the scepter that released a powerful light energy shone brightly. It completely destroyed the dark curtain of light that had already devoured more than half of it. The entire Luo Clan Village was instantly released and appeared in the light once again under the sunlight.

"Old Li, you're really something!"

Gu Qingfeng, who was confronting the resurrected army of Vengeful Spirits, saw the vengeful spirits wearing the clothing of the villagers dissipate under the sunlight. Then, their souls were redeemed by the power of light, allowing them to transcend life. He immediately kept his sword and gave a thumbs up.

The vengeful spirit was freed and the demonic wheel avatar was retrieved. At this moment, only the bedeviled Rocin was left on the battlefield.

“Demonic bastard, you should go on your way!”

Li Dongliu’s face was expressionless as he increased the release of the power of light. Combining all the advantages and disadvantages, he crushed towards the loner Luo Qin.

"Damned old ghost!"

Under the corrosion of the dense power of light and the sunlight filled with the power of extreme Yang, Luo Qin's surging demonic aura was constantly restrained, no longer as ferocious as before.

"If you want me to die, I will drag someone down with me!"

Luo Qin’s entire body trembled as he released all of his strength. He broke free from Li Dongliu’s restraints and merged with the Demonic Wheel of Fear. Transforming into a black light, he was like a thunderbolt as he charged towards Luo Li.

“Luo Clan’s girl, be careful!” Li Dongliu exclaimed.

"Eldest Young Lady, get out of the way!" Ye Guhong, who was in the air, cried out in alarm as he chased after Gu Qingfeng, who was a hundred meters away from the vengeful spirit.

It was too fast!

It was too sudden!

No one had expected that Luo Qin’s final counterattack would actually lock onto Luo Li. It was already too late to stop him.

"Am I going to die?"

Luo Li’s eyes widened as her pitch-black pupils reflected the awe-inspiring demonic aura. At this moment, Luo Qin, who had already turned into an abnormal being, looked at Luo Li’s face, which was filled with insanity and a cold smile. He was filled with endless despair.

“Why should I die here, with Rochin?”

Luo Li’s heart was filled with unwillingness as she looked at the man beside her. At this moment, there was an anxious expression on the man’s face as his eyes revealed yearning. “What a pity, why didn’t we get to know each other earlier? What a pity, I still haven’t understood you. What a pity, I still haven’t said that I ‘like you’. What a pity, what a pity…”

"No!"

Looking at the deranged Luo Qin, Luo Li, who was on the verge of death, and seeing the longing and love in Luo Li’s eyes, as well as her unwillingness to give her blessings, Luo Sheng’s eyes were about to split apart.

The Divine Sense had existed for tens of thousands of years and had reincarnated thousands of times. In just an instant, a single glance and a flick of a finger.

That instant was eternal!

Eternal, but also instant!

For some reason, Qin Sheng seemed to have entered a strange domain under endless despair and endless prayers.

Time seemed to have stopped in his eyes.

No, it didn't stop. It just seemed to be countless times, countless times.

Luo Qin, who was under the surprise attack, should be able to come into contact with Luo Li in less than a second. However, this second was extended endlessly, turning 0.1 seconds, 0.01 seconds into 1 second, slowing down by ten times, a hundred times, or even a thousand times.

Probing skill!

[Rochin (Enchanted) (Pseudo Legendary Boss)]

Level:???

Health Points:???

Mana:???

Physical attack:???

Magic attack:???

Physical Defense:???

Magic Defense:???

Speed:???

Skills:???

Introduction:???

Qin Sheng:…

Was it a pseudo legendary BOSS under the state of Enchantment?

No wonder it was so powerful!

Even without the Dreadfiend Wheel, he was probably a high-level Epic Boss.

"Is this the domain of time? What a heaven-defying ability!"

In the microscopic world, time manipulation was a technique that only gods and devils had. Even though he did not know why it appeared on him, he did not have the time or the mood to investigate it.

"Damn it, even I can't move?"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to move and use the time domain that had suddenly appeared to solve the problem. It was impossible for him to kill Luo Qin, who was already at the Legend rank. However, it was enough for him to shift Luo Li away and avoid this fatal blow. As long as he could disintegrate Luo Qin’s final counterattack by burning his soul and life, everything would be resolved.

However!

He realized!

Within this time domain, it wasn’t just the entire world. It wasn’t just Luo Qin, Gu Qingfeng, Li Dongliu, and Ye Guhong who had their time slowed down. Even he was affected.

The only difference was that his mind was still active, not slowed down by time, just like before. But his body was different, restricted by time.

"Since that's the case, let's do it!"

Turning his gaze slightly, Qin Sheng looked towards Luo Li and smiled dotingly. “I’ve already said that I won’t let you fall before me. How can a man’s promise not count?”

"Come on, let me try and see how strong a Legendary Boss is!"

His will was burning, his blood boiling.

"Starlight Reversal, target, Space Jump!"

Ding… Starlight Reversal Effect. Cooldown of Spatial Jump: 0!

"Starlight Blessing, target, Light of the Brave!"

"Ding… Starlight Blessing has taken effect. Light of the Brave has reached the pinnacle of sublimation. The effect has increased tremendously!"

(PS: [Light of the Brave] has been depleted. After activating it, infuse the Brave's Glory into the chosen equipment or skill and unleash ten times the effect (Double)! Cooldown: 24 hours!)

"Ice Skin!"

Ding… Ice Skin in effect. Max HP increased by 100%. Max Mana increased by 100%. Maximum Mana recovered to full state. Defense increased by 100%. Duration: 30 seconds!

"Activate the Light of the Brave and lock onto the skill—Three-colored Divine Light. Effect 2!"

(PS: (2) release tri-colored divine light to form a gold, silver, bronze, and three-colored energy shield. The size of the shield is X (X is the talent level * Class Advancement number) meters. Increases X (X is the character defense level * talent level) Physical Magic Defense! Duration X (X is the talent level * 10 seconds). Cooldown: 24 hours!)

"Ding… three-colored divine light has taken effect. Your physical defense has increased by 41,840 points, and your magic defense has increased by 41,84 points!"

"I'm here!"

The Ultimate Energy Shield formed by the three colors of gold, silver, and bronze surrounded his body. Qin Sheng looked at Luo Li and moved his body. He had already used the Spatial Jump after the Starlight Reversal had finished its cooldown. The Spatial Energy had broken through the Time Domain, allowing him to move in front of Luo Li.

Pa…

At this moment, it was as if a mirror had shattered.

It was as if the suspended image had collapsed. The time domain dissipated, and the world returned to normal.

Swoosh…

Luo Qin’s attack did not land unexpectedly. However, it wasn’t Luo Li that he had imagined. Instead, it was Qin… Luo Sheng, who had appeared before Luo Li and faced him head-on!

Swish…

An incomparably violent attack erupted. This was the strongest counterattack of the legendary level strength that carried the Demon Wheel of Fear and burned his soul and body. At this moment, Rocin was unstoppable.

Sizzle!

A total of 42,363 Physical Defense points were instantly broken. The sharp blade of the Dread Magic Wheel cut into his flesh, and the Forest Hunter Armor, which had a strong defense, was instantly destroyed.

"Hehe…"

An indescribable pain combined with the corrosion of the power of darkness caused Qin Sheng's pain to be unbearable. He grimaced as he looked at the astonished Luo Qin and grinned. "Really, it's quite tasty!"

-1000000!

An incomparably terrifying seven-digit damage appeared. It floated up from Qin Sheng's head and relied on the Ice Skin to double his Health Points, barely pulling his Health Points to 37002. How could it be compared?

Qin Sheng!

He died instantly!