Chapter 164: Demon Wheel Fear Abyss!

"Hahaha… For a little Luo Qin like me, not only did the ancient dog and old dog Ye, who are reputed to be the guardians of Star Glory City, join forces, even Li Dongliu, one of the nine great priests of the Divine Temple guarding the southwest region of the empire, came. I, Luo Qin, am not wronged for losing to you!"

Luo Qin laughed maniacally. His crazed expression was like that of a demon, making one's heart palpitate. "However, it's not that simple to kill me. Even if I, Luo Qin, transform into a demon, I will definitely slaughter the entire Luo Family, destroy the entire Star Glory City, and avenge my Luo Family!—Demon Wheel Fear Abyss!"

Buzz…

The Demon Wheel of Terror that had its restrictions completely undone began to violently tremble, emitting a happy and joyful aura. In an instant, demonic energy surged outwards, wildly entering the defenseless Rocin’s body.

"Ah…"

Unimaginable intense pain rose, as if Locsin was being tortured. He howled like a wild beast, his eyes bloodshot as he allowed the Dreadfiend Wheel to corrode him.

Under the endless demonic energy, the shape of Rocin’s body underwent an indescribable mutation. His skin turned from white to black, and many mysterious and strange patterns suddenly appeared on his body, similar to runes and totems. With just a glance, he felt dizzy and filled with foreboding.

"Old Li, hurry up and stop him. Once he becomes completely possessed, it will be troublesome!”

Gu Qingfeng, who was dealing with the vengeful spirits on the ground, couldn't help but recall the time when he exterminated his father, Luo Jie. The scene of carnage and corpses strewn across the ground seemed to have happened yesterday. When it appeared before his eyes, he immediately panicked.

"Don't worry. This demonic bastard isn't his father, Luo Jie. His foundation is unstable, so he won't be able to cause any trouble."

Li Dongliu frowned slightly when he saw Luo Qin's transformation. However, everything was still under control, so he did not panic. Instead, he said to Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong, "You guys hold on. Protect the girl from the Luo Clan and that lad. Leave this demon brat to me.”

With that said, he turned to look at Rochin who was still being corroded by the demonic energy and assimilated by the Dreadfiend Wheel. Seeing that he was gradually becoming neither human nor ghost, about to completely degenerate into a demon, he let out a light sigh.

"What a pity. Luo Lin originally thought highly of you, but it was you who felt inferior and thought too much. You were filled with resentment towards the world. In addition, you had a wicked father, which led you astray."

“Your family’s business arose because of your father, Rojer. The boy Lorin has done all he can to help, and you can’t blame him. But you were blinded by hatred. One wrong move led to another, and you went further down the wrong path until you reached this point of no return.”

"It's useless to say anything more!" Luo Qin's face was very dark as he roared, "At this moment, you still want to use words to mess with my heart? Do you really think that I, Luo Qin, am young and easily bullied?"

“No, what I’ve said is the truth, and it’s only a slight sigh. I don’t have any other motives.” The High Priest Li Dongliu sighed again, before retracting his pity. His gaze turned cold as he said in a deep voice, “Do you know why I haven’t made a move yet and allowed you to be transformed by the Dreadfiend Wheel and become one with it?”

"Who knows what trick you're playing!" Rochin was somewhat bewildered, but he still refused to admit defeat.

"The Dreadfiend Wheel was wielded by one of the three Demon Kings of the Demon Race, the Dreadfiend King. Its power is peerless and it possesses indescribable Beyonder powers. It once caused the alliance of thousands of races to suffer heavy losses."

Li Dongliu said, "At that time, the demon race had already retreated in defeat. On the main battlefield, they were already powerless to fight against the alliance army that had unlimited supplies. The reason why they had not completely failed was because they relied on the experts of the upper echelons to bitterly hold on.”

“Originally, the war wouldn’t have ended so quickly, but the Demon Monarch was unwilling to lose just like that. He wanted to take the risk and sneak attack the enemy’s rear. Unfortunately, all of his efforts were for naught. Not only did the Dreadfiend King’s surprise attack not have any effect, it even caused him to fall into a trap. He was defeated by the three sages and fled with heavy injuries.”

"It was also because of the Fearsome Demon King's defeat that his whereabouts were unknown, causing the precarious Demon Race to lose another Demon King and a large number of elites. They were no longer able to resist, and in the end, they were defeated by the alliance army. They retreated to the Demon World with the remnants of their army and were on the verge of extinction."

Rochin said, “Why are you saying all this?”

"I'm only saying this because I want you to know that even a powerful expert like the Dreadfiend King would fail. You only have the Dreadfiend Wheel and you think you're invincible. You're truly a frog at the bottom of a well. How lamentable."

Li Dongliu sneered expressionlessly. "Although I am not as good as the sages that the Goddess bestowed divine power to nurture, you are not the Demon King of Fear. Even the Demon Wheel of Fear is no longer the terrifying Demon Weapon that shone brilliantly on the Demonic and Divine Battlefield and caused the myriad races to turn pale.”

“You tricked me?” Luo Qin roared. “I don’t believe you!”

"Believe it or not, it's up to you!” Li Dongliu said," In fact, you've already sensed it, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't be so fierce on the outside but weak on the inside. Your performance has already betrayed you. You want to use anger and violence to cover up the uneasiness in your heart? You still want to hide such a clumsy trick from me?”

"Yes or no, come and try if you have the guts."

Luo Qin turned a deaf ear to Li Dongliu's words. He brandished the Dreadfiend Wheel and felt a terrifying power that he had never felt before circulating within his body. He was very satisfied and started laughing wildly.

The demonic aura lingered around him and the demonic aura was overwhelming. Coupled with his body covered in strange patterns and the horn on his forehead, he looked like a living demon.

"Don't try to trick me, I've already seen through you!"

Li Dongliu shook his head, completely unaffected by Luo Qin’s provocation. “The Dreadfiend Wheel is strong, but unfortunately, the Dreadfiend King fought with the three sages. In order to break out of the encirclement, he had no choice but to release the essence of the Dreadfiend Wheel. Now, the Dreadfiend Wheel that has lost its source is no longer as powerful as it was in the ancient times, and it has become an ordinary demon artifact.”

Rochin:…

"In addition to your father, Luo Jie, causing trouble back then and severely injuring the Dreadfiend King for all these years, the energy that the Dreadfiend Wheel had painstakingly accumulated was depleted and reduced once again."

Li Dongliu said coldly, "Why do you think Luo Lin is giving you so many chances? Although he is a good person, he will never allow anyone to threaten Star Glory City. He knows that the Dreadfiend Wheel is just an empty shell. Without its source and its power, what can he do even if he gives it to you?"

“I don’t believe it!” Luo Qin roared out these two words once more, but compared to before, his mental state had already undergone a tremendous change. He believed it, but it was just a dead duck being stubborn.

"It's easy to prove whether it's true or not!"

Ignoring Luo Qin's rage, Li Dongliu said softly, "Look, haven't you lost your rationality? If the Dreadfiend Wheel is as the legends say, incomparably tyrannical, and its devil might shakes the heavens, how could it not be able to devour you, Luo Qin?”

Rochin:…