Chapter 167: Crossing Reality, Terrified Qin Sheng

"Heh, old ghost, have you forgotten that not long ago, a warrior had not only killed the sinister devil in the mine, but he had also allowed the Demon-Buster Army's seventh regiment to rest in peace. He had also managed to get rid of the threat of the zombie suppression that even the military had a headache over. He had also gotten rid of the great evil that the ancient sages could only seal in the zombie suppression ground."

Gu Qingfeng chuckled and reminded him, "According to the City Lord, His Majesty and the Kingdom Protector General are very satisfied with this. That warrior has already caught their eye. In order to encourage and reward him, His Majesty even specially took out a treasure from the treasure vault to reward him. It can be said to be filled with honor and favor, and he has the Emperor's heart!"

"Ah? Are you saying that?" Ye Guhong was surprised.

“It’s this kid, huh.” Gu Qingfeng shrugged as he looked at Qin Sheng, and the more he looked at Qin Sheng, the more satisfied he became. He stroked his beard and said with a smile, “I saw it yesterday. This kid paid a visit, and the City Governor personally received him. Besides him, there’s no one else. Tsk tsk, I never expected that the man the Eldest Young Miss has taken a liking to actually have a relationship with our City Governor’s Estate. Could this be the so-called fate? How wonderful!”

Li Dongliu:…

Ye Guhong:…

If you want to say something, just say it. Can you not put on such an old and kind face? It's very awkward, brother!

"Alright, cut the crap!"

Glaring angrily at Gu Qingfeng, Ye Guhong waved his hand and controlled the nimble wind elements to lift up Qin Sheng and Luo Li. “I’ll send them back first. I’ll leave the aftermath to you!”

"Sure!"

Gu Qingfeng glanced at Li Dongliu. He knew that this High Priest who had come to help wouldn’t do such “rough work”, so he immediately nodded and agreed.

"…"

As he watched Li Dongliu and Ye Guhong fly towards Star Glory City, Gu Qingfeng, who was left behind, looked at the tragic scene of the intense battle. He then looked at the corpse of Luo Qin, who did not even look like a human. After a moment of silence, he sighed. “Forget it. I have finally watched you grow up. Although I have never liked you since you were young, and you have also become crooked, at least you once called me Uncle Gu. I am also somewhat responsible for not being able to pull you back to the right path. Now that you have died, the past is over. Enter the grave and rest in peace. Reincarnate as soon as possible and become a human again!”

With a slash of his sword, a deep pit was created. Gu Qingfeng placed Luo Qin's corpse inside and buried it.

After burying the soil, he cut off a flat stone tablet with two swords and prepared to carve the words on it. After some thought, he gave up.

"Forget it, I won't erect the stele for you. Sleep well!”

Gu Qingfeng shook his head, kept his sword, and left.

The number of adventurers and caravans who had died at Rocin’s hands after committing such atrocities at the mass grave was at least a thousand. Which of these people wasn’t related by blood?

If they were to set up a tombstone and be found by others, they might have to dig a grave and dig up a grave. They might even whip Luo Qin's corpse and scatter the ashes. It was better to give Luo Qin some peace and quiet so that he would not be disturbed after his death. This could be considered as fulfilling the friendship between the Luo Clan and the Luo Clan over the past hundreds of years.

…

In the real world!

"Hiss…"

Qin Luo, who had taken off his helmet, suddenly felt a slight pain in his chest. He took off his T-shirt and lowered his head to take a look, only to discover that there was a shallow wound at his heart. It was about the width of a finger and black smoke was rising from the wound. It was filled with an evil and ominous aura.

"What… what's going on?"

Qin Luo was stunned.

I was actually injured while playing a game at home?

Furthermore!

This wound seemed to have been cut by a poisonous knife. It was exactly the same as the Weeping Soul in Fate Dimension.

"What happened?"

Qin Qin Sheng was a little frightened. "Why are injuries in the game brought to reality?—What kind of supernatural event did I encounter?"

Qin Luo was no longer calm!

This was not the first time he realized that there was something strange about Fate Dimension. He had already had some ideas when the game was released.

In the real world, why would the three birthmarks on his body appear in the virtual world?

The Lord of the Stars had such a heaven-defying talent. He had completely broken the balance of the game. It could even be said that he had overturned the entire virtual world. Why had he landed on him?

In the Demonic Mine, he had encountered the Extreme Demon Head, the Epic Boss Elder Feng, in the resplendent lotus formed from Bright Light Ores. How exactly had he defeated him?

Now…

During the trip to the mass grave, Luo Qin, a legendary existence, had used everything he had to burn his soul to hit the Demon Wheel of Fear. Furthermore, it was an attack that even the three big boss NPCs were afraid of. It involved the so-called Great War of the Ancient Gods and Demons. The Demon King of Fear, one of the three Demon Kings who was second only to the highest commander, the Demon Lord, had his intrinsic Demon Weapon.

This shouldn’t have been a big deal. The main point was that the wound caused by the Dreadfiend Wheel’s attack actually reflected in reality, appearing on his body in the real world.

This…

Who wasn't afraid?

"What the hell are you doing? Is this a 'benefit' for transmigrators? You gave me a gold finger and a side effect?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with displeasure. "Other people enter the game through virtual data. Even if they have broken arms and legs, or have their eyes gouged out and their heads chopped off, they won't be affected at all after logging off. They will still be alive and kicking. At most, they will be mentally exhausted and OJBK after a nap."

"Once you come to my place, you won't feel comfortable if you don't cause trouble? You get injured in the game, but you still come in real life? Other people enjoy the fun of taking risks and fighting in the game, but I'm really using my life to play the game? This dog system is too lousy. Is such a double standard really good?"

Hiss…

As he was gritting his teeth, a sharp pain suddenly came from his chest. Qin Sheng could not help but gasp as cold sweat broke out on his forehead. His right hand instinctively covered his chest.

“Mm? What is this?”

When his hand came into contact with the wound, the pain was reduced. His sharp fingers touched the nerves slightly. Hmm, it was a little hard (??? GHS?), as if he had touched something foreign.

There was a flash of black light and something seemed to appear in his hand.

"Eh, isn't that…"

When he opened it, Qin Sheng's eyes instantly widened and his mouth opened wide as he let out a "hehe" of horror.

"Dreadfiend Wheel?"

Although it had shrunk by a few times, from the height of a sharp blade that was half the height of a person to the size of a small soup dumpling, this unique shape was filled with an ominous aura. Qin Sheng recognized it at a glance.

There was no other way!

It was too familiar, wasn't it?

Damn it!

How could it not have a deep memory of a virgin hanging from it?

"What's going on? Why are the equipment in the game appearing in reality? What did Rochin do? What is the meaning of this bloody game?"