Chapter 163: Disrespecting Gu Qingfeng

"Hahaha, Old Li, you're too late!"

A familiar voice, a familiar skill, and a familiar power caused Gu Qingfeng's body to tremble. He then laughed loudly and said, "You're always the last one to appear. You don't appear unless you're in a crisis. It's been so many years, but your bad habit hasn't changed."

"Ancient Ghost, your foul mouth hasn't changed."

The person was dressed in a white robe and held a scepter in his hand. The power of light radiated from his body, making him look like a god that had descended from the heavens. However, after being choked by Gu Qingfeng, his cultivation was instantly broken. He became a little old man with black lines all over his face. He replied sarcastically, "If it wasn't for Luo Lin's request, I wouldn't have bothered coming here. It's quite interesting to see you getting beaten up by a junior."

“You old man, I knew you were full of bad ideas.”

Gu Qingfeng said with dissatisfaction, "Look, that demonic brat, Luo Jie's son, Luo Qin, has basically been demonized by the Dreadfiend Wheel. This was originally the responsibility of your Divine Temple. I'm helping you with great justice, yet you still want to make sarcastic remarks?"

“Alright, enough small talk. Let’s settle this demonic brat first!”

Elder Li cut off the teasing topic and cast his gaze at Luo Qin. His originally gentle and benevolent gaze turned cold and murderous. "Are you Luo Jie's son? Why are you walking on this path of no return like your father?"

Luo Qin shouted, "The Earth Emanations Pavilion Luo Clan bullied the Luo Clan. That old dog Luo Lin exterminated the entire Luo Clan and even sent troops to exterminate more than 3,000 people in the entire Luo Clan Village. As a member of the Luo Clan, what's wrong with taking revenge?"

"You, on the other hand, as the High Priest in charge of the Star Glory City's Divine Temple, allowed Luo Lin to do such an outrageous and inhumane thing. After that, you didn't even ask about it and didn't blame me at all. Now, you actually have the face to question me? Who gave you the face?"

"What a glib tongue!" Old Li sneered. He was unmoved by Luo Qin's malicious words. He said, "It seems that Luo Lin has really misplaced his feelings. Before I left, he even asked me to try my best to persuade you to return to the orthodox path. He wanted to spare your life and leave a seed for the Luo Clan. I didn't expect him to plead so earnestly for a villain like you."

Rochin:…

"Do you really think that everything you did was flawless? If Luo Lin didn't care about relationships and turn a blind eye, do you think you could have escaped from the City Lord Residence and Star Glory City? Stop dreaming!"

Old Li continued, "It's been a long time. I'm sure you've found out what happened back then, right? Even so, you don't feel the slightest regret. Instead, you've become even worse. Step by step, you're walking into the abyss. There's no longer a need to save a demon like you, who is blinded by greed and has no morals. Even if Luo Lin blames me later, I'll kill you today to prevent future troubles."

“Kill me? Hahaha… What high-sounding sentiments!” Rochin was unconvinced. His eyes were filled with madness as he continued to sacrifice himself to the Dreadfiend Wheel. He shouted like a mad dog, “You’re just a lackey, yet you dare to spout such nonsense. Even your master, the Goddess of Destiny, has fallen. You, who relied on your faith in her to obtain some insignificant strength, what can you do to me?”

"How dare you!"

Old Master Li was furious. His furious roar shook the heaven and earth. "How dare you blaspheme my god! Die!”

"Great Light Spell!"

Boundless power of light burst forth. It was originally gentle, but after encountering its nemesis's power of darkness, it instantly became violent and displayed an extremely terrifying purifying power.

"Looks like I have nothing else to do!"

Gu Qingfeng shrugged his shoulders. He couldn't help but shrink his neck when he saw Elder Li going berserk because of the blasphemy in his heart. He immediately retreated and handed the battlefield to them.

"Tsk tsk, impressive. This is the first time I've seen someone dare to confront the black-bellied Old Man Li. This demon is really fierce. I can't compare to him."

Gu Qingfeng sighed as he rushed downwards.

“Not bad, kid. You’re like a man. Your mission is complete. Now, leave this place to me!”

The sword slashed through the barrier of light that was about to shatter after being attacked by countless vengeful spirits. A cool breeze descended from the sky and lay between the thousands of vengeful spirits and Qin Sheng.

“Don’t worry, with your Grandpa Gu here, this group of trash can’t stir up any waves!”

Seeing that Qin Sheng was somewhat hesitant and looked like he wanted to help, Gu Qingfeng gave a valiant smile and rejected it casually. With a light swing of his sword, sword qi burst forth, instantly killing a group of vengeful spirits to prove his strength.

"That's more like it!"

Qin Luo Sheng obediently retreated while Gu Qingfeng unleashed another sword strike, instantly killing another group of vengeful spirits. Only after clearing the ten meters in front of him did he turn around and cast a teasing glance at Luo Li. Under the bashful and angry gaze of the latter, he chuckled out, “You’re quite formidable, boy. To think that you would be fancied by my family’s Eldest Young Miss. I wonder how many lifetimes of good fortune you’ve accumulated.”

Qin Sheng:…

Luo Li: “…”

“Enough, I won’t tease you two anymore. You two are truly thin-skinned.”

Gu Qingfeng swept a glance at the vengeful spirit army that was still charging in. He held his sword and charged forward, leaving behind a faint voice. "I'll talk to you later, kid. Now, I'll deal with this annoying bunch first. I'll give you and Eldest Young Lady time to be intimate. I won't disturb you anymore!"

Impressive old man!

Tsk tsk!

I'll give you full marks for your help. I'm not afraid of your pride.

There aren't many warm-hearted people like you anymore. I, L,

However!

If you do this, you will probably be beaten to death by your family's City Lord. Don't you know that every son-in-law is your father-in-law's enemy?

As his thoughts ran wild, the battle in the sky had also come to an end.

When players fought, as long as it was not like the Abyss Mode where the real battlefield was opened, it was all data-based battles, which gave the players a lot of convenience.

However!

A battle between NPCs was a real battle. Blood was spilled with every slash. If one was not careful, they would lose their arms and legs. It was difficult!

Look!

Luo Qin, who had been acting as if he was the boss of the world just a moment ago, was like a mouse that had encountered a cat after encountering Old Li, who possessed extremely powerful light energy.

“Surrender, Luo Qin, you have already lost!”

Old Li expressionlessly sent Luo Qin to the ground once again. He looked at the fragmented Luo Village and frowned slightly. He recalled Luo Lin's plea before he left and temporarily stopped attacking.

"Surrender? Old ghost, do you think you have me?"

Luo Qin stood up from the deep pit and was about to continue fighting. When he heard Old Li's words, he could not help but sneer.

He turned and looked around.

Luo Village, which had been set up for a long time, was gradually purified by the endless power of light. It was slowly being eaten away. It was estimated that before long, the dark and cold place of fear would become a paradise filled with light.

Not only that!

It wasn’t just the Luo Family Village that was being devoured by the power of light. Even the dark barrier created by the Dreadfiend Wheel began to collapse.

His home ground—

It was gone!