Chapter 162: A Close Call

"Damn you!"

Looking at the information sent back by the detection technique, Qin Luo felt a headache.

Enhancing a 3-star elite was nothing!

Health Points: 20W +, Attack Power: 3200 +, that was nothing!

Most importantly…

If there were two to three thousand of them, that would be really troublesome!

"We'll do our best. Kill as many as we can. We'll hold them off for as long as we can!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed and took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], preparing to fight to the bitter end. "In any case, I'm a player. It doesn't matter if I die once. No matter what, I have to protect my own sister even if I have tears in my eyes. If I were to escape at this time, wouldn't I become a scumbag? I'm a pure little prince who doesn't even have a f*cking girlfriend. How can I bear the title of scumbag?"

"Good lad, you are indeed a guide!"

Gu Qingfeng, who was wildly beating up Luo Qin, couldn't help but praise Qin Sheng, who was facing thousands of vengeful spirits alone and fighting to the death. "I, Gu Qingfeng, will remember today's kindness. I will definitely repay you generously in the future."

"Brother Gu, I'm afraid it's not up to you or me to do this!"

Ye Guhong laughed and said, "Look, when has our Eldest Young Lady, who has always been arrogant, ever revealed such an expression?"

"Hahaha…"

When Gu Qingfeng saw this, he also laughed. "That's right, that's right. Missy has also grown up!"

“Bastard! Luo Li belongs to me, Luo Qin. Only I am worthy of him!”

When he heard Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong bickering, Luo Qin's mind instantly exploded. He roared angrily, "Just that ant-like brat? Hehehe! He overestimates his own capabilities. He's like a mantis trying to stop a chariot. Watch how my wraith army will tear him into pieces."

"Shut up!"

Gu Qingfeng shouted, "Who do you think you are? How dare you covet the Eldest Young Lady? That brat isn't worthy, but are you? You're really making me laugh my teeth out."

"Ancient dog, how dare you insult me?"

Luo Qin roared: "What qualifications does that kid have to compare with me, Luo Qin? In front of me, he can't even move. How can such trash be compared to me?"

"I admit that he's weaker than you!"

Gu Qingfeng laughed coldly. "But so what? What matters between a man and a woman is strength? With your dishonest mind and selfishness, even if Eldest Young Lady was blind, she would never fall for you."

Rochin: "You…"

"Hmph!"

Gu Qingfeng let out a cold humph. As he continued to pummel Ling Han, he continued to attack Ling Han's heart without making a sound. "So what if that brat is weak? Compared to you, he is responsible, responsible, brave, determined, and righteous. Even if he knows that he is giving up his life, he will still face it bravely and never abandon it. To a woman, such a man is the most attractive. A hero saving a beauty, crossing life and death, how many lives should there be in life? Quick, quick!"

"Brother Gu's words have won my heart!"

Ye Guhong agreed as well. "This brat is definitely worthy of Eldest Young Lady. Even if the City Lord objects, I, Gu Yehong, will support him. It doesn't matter if he is weak. He can cultivate and become stronger. My City Lord Manor does not lack his resources. However, he has no ambition, no courage, and lacks the qualities that a man and a warrior should have. No matter how strong he is, he is still a piece of trash that others look down on. Isn't that right, little Luo Qin?"

"Two old dogs, you're courting death!"

After being teased by Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong, Luo Qin, whose mental state was already unstable, was completely enraged. The blood vessels in his eyes became even more dense, and his originally skinny body was further swallowed up. He had completely lost his rationality and was completely controlled by the Dreadfiend Wheel. He wasn’t far off.

Luo Qin went berserk and sacrificed his soul and body to the Dreadfiend Wheel in exchange for more power. This time, Gu Qingfeng and Ye Guhong, who were at ease and at ease, found it hard to fight. They no longer had the energy to talk while fighting.

The battle in the sky was in full swing!

The battle below also started!

"This is too difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng faced thousands of Vengeful Spirits alone. Every single one of them was comparable to a level 20 Bronze Rank Boss. They were extremely powerful. Fortunately, these Vengeful Spirits did not have any consciousness. Furthermore, Luo Qin was being held back by two big shots. After giving the order to kill him and Luo Li, he no longer had the time to bother about them.

This!

This led to the current situation.

The vengeful spirits relied only on their instincts and moved slowly. They were truly like the walking corpses. Only those at the front of the pack that had come into direct contact with Qin Sheng would be able to activate their fighting stance.

"No, it's still too much!"

Even though he was wielding two swords and fighting while retreating, Qin Sheng was still unable to hold on. There were simply too many of them.

Even though he was on a small path, if he lined up to stand, he could only stand seven vengeful spirits at most. Only five of them could fight him. It was not a big deal and could be easily resolved.

But!

After killing one, he would immediately replenish another. It was endless and never-ending. At this rate, even if he wasn't killed, he would die of exhaustion.

Swords!

Retreat!

Swords!

Retreat!

Swords!

Retreat!

Qin Luo Sheng could not resist the pressure of the great army at all with his own abilities. He kept swinging his sword, slashing and retreating.

Countless strikes!

He had killed countless vengeful spirits!

His stamina was rapidly depleting.

The continuous swinging of the sword caused his muscles to ache. The swinging of the sword became slower. Gradually, he could not even lift his hand.

"That's it, we've lost completely!"

Qin Luo Sheng's arm drooped down. A tremendous fatigue and unbearable soreness assaulted him, causing him, who had already reached his limit, to lose his fighting capacity.

"I'm sorry that I couldn't protect you properly!"

Qin Sheng smiled bitterly as he looked at the army of vengeful spirits that had yet to decrease in numbers. He turned around and glanced at Luo Li, whose eyes were glimmering. He grinned and said, "I'll be leaving first. Take care!"

"Seriously, I'm a little unhappy!"

Exhausted, Qin Sheng had no strength left in him. No matter how unwilling he was, he could not disobey the feedback of his body. He could not resist anymore and could only close his eyes and wait for death.

Without the resistance of Qin Sheng, the vengeful spirit army marched straight in. Rotten hands with dense corrosive toxins reached towards him.

It was predictable!

Qin Sheng, who was like a piglet, was about to have his skin torn apart and his organs dug into his flesh. He crushed his bones and died tragically in the hands of a group of walking corpses.

However!

At the critical moment!

"Light Judgment!"

Suddenly, a cold shout came from afar and changed the battle situation.

Before Qin Sheng could open his eyes, a gentle light had already poured down and enveloped his body. Not only did it disperse his fatigue, it also blocked the many vengeful spirits that were about to touch his body.

"Hahaha, Old Li, you're too late!"