Chapter 168: Demonic Wheel Of Fear Appears

"What's going on? Why are the equipment in the game appearing in reality? What did Rochin do? What is the meaning of this bloody game?"

Qin Luo was thoroughly confused.

If he could remain calm after encountering such a major event, he would truly be invincible.

The game could directly affect reality. Death in the game might even result in death in reality.

Isn't this a freaking SAO?

Death game?

Once this news spread, the entire world would fall into absolute panic.

“Mm? What happened to my eyes?”

Just as Qin Luo was staring at the mini version of the Dreadfiend Wheel in a daze, his mind in a state of chaos and many thoughts surfaced in his mind, all of a sudden, his vision blurred, as if a mass of virtual chaos had appeared.

He shook his head vigorously to dispel these abnormalities. When the disorderly code disappeared and Qin Sheng lowered his head again, the wheel of fear that had been lying quietly in his hand had changed. To be precise, his eyes had changed.

[Dreadfiend Wheel]

Type: Other Wheel

Grade: Demon Weapon

Requirement: None

Qin Luo Sheng

Effect: Attack + 99, Strength + 10

Special Feature: Sharp, Corrosive, Fear, Control

Ability: [Sharp Cut] [Dark Corrosion] [Abyss Fear] [Soul Control]

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Am I still dreaming?"

Qin Sheng was stunned when the data of the virtualization appeared. He could not understand where he was at all. Was he in the virtual world, the real world, or—was he dreaming?!

If he was in the virtual world, why would he appear in a room in the real world?

If it was in the real world, why would there be a virtual equipment like the Demon Wheel of Fear that only existed in the virtual world, and why was there a series of data introductions?

If this was the Dream World, why did everything seem so real? Why did the wound on his chest hurt? This pain could not be faked. It was impossible to exist in a dream!

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo's brain was muddled and his mind was completely shut down.

"Fate Dimension is definitely not an ordinary virtual game. There must be a huge secret behind it!"

No matter how he thought about it, he could not come up with anything. He could only come up with a conclusion that sounded like nonsense.

"Why did I transmigrate to Planet Blue? Why did the birthmark on my body affect the awakening of the Lord of the Stars? This bug-level super-god talent? Why am I the only one who brings the props in the game world to reality?"

Questions kept appearing in Qin Luo Sheng's mind. "What kind of world is this? Reincarnation invasion? Extraterrestrial civilization? The army from another world is about to destroy the world, so they developed a virtual game to summon special experts to save the world?"

Unable to find the exact key point, Qin Luo's imagination went wild for a moment. He combined all the novels he had read on Earth in his previous life and began to make wild guesses.

"Forget it, let's think of a photoshop. Without the key information, everything is just a wild guess."

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng tossed out his messy thoughts.

He got up and walked to the window. He pulled open the curtains and looked at the night sky of Shanghai. The neon lights were flashing and the traffic was heavy. He was stunned.

Was this really the real world? Was he really not dreaming?

After putting on his clothes, he opened the door and was about to look for Nan Nan when he noticed that the door to Nan Nan’s room was wide open. The little girl was yawning as she came back from the bathroom.

"Daddy, good morning. Are you going to pee too?"

Nan Nan glanced sleepily at Qin Sheng, her face full of sleepiness, but still greeted him cutely.

Morning?

Qin Qin Sheng was instantly rendered speechless.

It's already dark outside. Did you sleep day and night?

And—

Why are you peeing? What are you saying? Can you be more elegant?

"Are you hungry? What do you want to eat?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face twitched for a while before it returned to normal. He forced a smile and asked gently, "I can't sleep anymore. After dinner, accompany me out for a walk or two. Why are you sleeping at home?"

"No!"

When Nan Nan heard that she was going out and that she was not allowed to sleep, she immediately widened her pair of watery eyes. Her sleepiness dissipated, and with a slight mistiness, she jogged over to hold Qin Sheng's arm and started to shake it. She used a cute little cry to act coquettishly, "Nan Nan wants to sleep. Nan Nan, don't go out."

Qin Sheng:…

AWSL!

A medic!

‘ Where’s the medic?’

You bastard, what are you spacing out for?

Hurry up and throw the medical bag over. Can't you see that I'm bleeding all over my face and about to faint from excessive blood loss?

"You…"

Even though Nan Nan was adorable and obedient, Qin Sheng still hardened his heart for her sake. Once he straightened his face, he was about to reject her.

"No! No!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Young girl!

What are you saying?

Sure!

I'm afraid of you!

Stop, stop, stop—

Stop shaking!

Don't say anymore!

Damn it!

Fortunately, the soundproofing of this house was not bad. If it was not good enough and the neighbors heard it, wouldn't they have to call the police?

If Uncle JC came and encountered such a situation, what would he think?

If I were to combine the information and find out that you're my adopted daughter, wouldn't you suspect that I'm a beast on the outside?

What a sin!

"Alright, alright, alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his hands in surrender on the spot. Wiping away the cold sweat on his forehead, he said helplessly, "It's fine if you don't want to go, but you have to eat. After you finish eating, you can stand at home for more than half an hour. Then you can watch TV or play computer games. You can't have time for four hours."

"Oh, I know!"

Seeing Qin Luo compromise, Nan Nan did not continue to act coquettishly. She knew when to stop and agreed with a pout.

"What do you want for dinner?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not go any further. He had to eat his food one bite at a time. He had to take things one step at a time. First, he had to control his sleeping time. Next time, he would take things slowly. He had to change this bad habit of Nan Nan. Otherwise, how could he go to school after the summer vacation with such a homely personality?

"Yes, Nan Nan wants to eat hotpot!"

Nan Nan poked her own face with her finger. She thought about it seriously for a while before deciding on the recipe. "I want the bottom of the Spicy Hotpot and the side dishes. I want tripe, duck intestines and fatty beef. As for the rest, Daddy will order them. Oh right, Nan Nan wants duck blood. Two portions."

"Sure!"

Qin Sheng couldn't help but smile and nod his head at the sight of Nan Nan who had stretched out two jade-like fingers with a gluttonous look on her face. He said to her, "I'll order the order now. Go back to your room and change your clothes. Wash up properly and be more energetic. You still look sleepy after sleeping for so long."

Nan Nan replied, "I know! Daddy is so naggy."

…