Chapter 160: Demon Spirit Revival

"Come, come, come, let's start recording. This kind of battle between powerful NPCs can only be chanced upon by luck! If we're lucky today, how can we not seize the opportunity to do something? Wasting such a great opportunity will be like lightning striking the sky!"

Qin Sheng immediately turned on the recording system when he saw that the two parties had already started fighting.

In his previous life, TikTok and S were extremely popular. Many people did not do anything but rely on this to buy houses and cars to make a fortune. How cool was that?

What a pity!

He was a fool in his previous life and could not eat this bowl of rice.

Now that he had transmigrated to the Blue Star, he had the powerful "Fate Dimension" and the name "Weeping Soul". He was strong and lucky to have met such a person. He had the perfect timing, geographical location, and manpower. If he did not use the Skybeard, he would not be able to live up to God's gift.

"Tsk tsk, this is definitely the first battle of this level, right?"

As Qin Qin Sheng lamented the spectacular battle over there, he fantasized about his future. "A unique video, coupled with my reputation as Weeping Soul, isn't it not too much to make a payment video? Heh, this round might be a good one. It might be much better than the Tidal Push Potion or equipment. It's purely lying down to collect money!"

Hiss…

Just as Qin Luo was possessed by Teacher Chen and was playing the recording system to perfection, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his arm, causing his hand to almost tremble. The image that had been aimed at the center of the battle flew into the sky.

"I say, Missy, why are you so nervous? You can't possibly lose in a 2v1?"

Turning his head, he looked at Luo Li, who was holding onto his arm tightly with a worried expression. The corner of Qin Sheng’s mouth twitched as he said with a bitter smile, “You have to have some confidence in your Guardian.”

"I know Uncle Gu and Uncle Ye are very strong!"

Luo Li looked at Luo Qin with a complicated expression as she said, “But the Demon Wheel of Fear that Luo Qin controls is too strange. I’m afraid that Uncle Gu and Uncle Ye will suffer!”

"Don't worry!"

Qin Luo Sheng consoled him, "Didn't you hear about it just now? Back then, when Luo Qin's father, Luo Jie, caused trouble, he had already dealt with that grinding wheel once and had experience. He definitely wouldn't be tricked. As long as the demonic wheel doesn't work, how can Luo Qin, that little brat, avoid your Uncle Gu and Uncle Ye?"

Hearing those words, Luo Li finally felt slightly relieved!

"Hahaha… Old Dog Ye, Old Dog Gu, it's been so many years and you guys are still so weak. You guys haven't made any progress at all. You're really useless!"

As he parried Gu Qingfeng's sword qi, he dodged Ye Guhong's powerful wind blades. Even though he was in a sorry state, Luo Qin still kept shooting his mouth off. "With just this bit of strength, you don't have the qualifications to take my life!"

“Demon brat, you are a bit too arrogant!”

Gu Qingfeng slashed wildly with his sword. Each slash contained a terrifying sword intent. Its lethality was simply off the charts. It was unknown how many streets Qin Sheng, this piece of trash, had.

However!

Even so, the fierce sword energy could cut a crack in the ground, and even a rock could be cut in half. When it landed on Rocin's body, it could only break his skin.

“What’s wrong? Are you planning to reveal your true ability?”

Sensing that the surging energy was even denser and faster than before, Rochin narrowed his eyes and said disdainfully, "Since that's the case, then I'll take out some ability and play with you!"

“Not good! He wants to activate the demonic wheel! Quickly stop him!”

As a wind-elemental great mage, he was rather sensitive to changes in energy. The moment Luo Qin raised the magic wheel, Ye Guhong's expression changed drastically, and he anxiously shouted towards Gu Qingfeng who was engaged in close combat.

"Demon brat, eat my sword!"

Gu Qingfeng, who knew how powerful the Dreadfiend Wheel was, also had a drastic change in expression. He subconsciously charged forward with his sword in hand, and a terrifying crescent-shaped sword aura that was ten meters long burst forth. The target was aimed at Rocin's hand, wanting to cut it off and prevent the Dreadfiend Wheel from exploding.

"Stop me? It's too late!"

Rochin wildly laughed. The demonic wheel he held high in the air overflowed with demonic energy, emitting an extremely cold and sinister energy. “Demon wheel, release!”

Clang…

The sword energy that was strong enough to cut a small mountain exploded, but it was blocked by the black demonic energy that rose from the Dreadfiend Wheel, making it difficult to advance.

"Old Ye, be careful!”

An afterimage flashed past and Gu Qingfeng’s eyes trembled. He didn’t even have time to turn around and immediately shouted out a warning.

Swish…

Ye Guhong was an experienced and crafty person. After receiving Gu Qingfeng's warning, Ye Guhong reacted instantly. With a flash, he disappeared on the spot, causing the black shadow to miss.

"Clone?"

Ye Guhong, who had reappeared more than thirty meters away, looked at the uninvited guest who had ambushed him and was standing at his previous position. The black fog dissipated and revealed his face. He immediately frowned.

"Who do you think is real between him and me?"

Rochin was grinning like a maniac.

"Brother Gu, don't waver."

Ye Guhong used his mental power to sense it carefully and immediately realized that something was wrong. He shouted at Gu Qingfeng, "The one in front of you is the real Luo Qin, and this one is the incarnation of the Demon Wheel. Don't hold back. Use all your strength and expend a portion of the Demon's power to create a clone. That Demon brat can't borrow much of the Demon Wheel's power anymore."

"Is that so?"

Before Gu Qingfeng could reply, Luo Qin gave a strange smile and raised the Demonic Wheel once again. "Demon Spirit Life Extinguisher!"

Instantly!

Violent dark power burst forth from the Dreadfiend Wheel, surging towards the ground.

The black mist dissipated, and one by one, pale-faced, lifeless puppets appeared!

"Aren't you going to protect old dog Luo Lin's daughter? Let me see how you're going to protect her. Hahaha…"

Luo Qin controlled the Demonic Wheel and constantly resisted the furious Gu Qingfeng’s endless sword slashes. Although he was at a disadvantage, it was enough to block and entangle Gu Qingfeng for a short period of time, making it impossible for him to split himself up. As for Ye Guhong, he was also being chased down by the Demonic Wheel’s avatars, unable to protect himself.

This battle!

It was Luo Qin who won!

With Luo Li’s death, the objective of taking revenge on the Luo Clan could be considered to have been half accomplished. Luo Lin, that old dog, would have no descendants!

As for exterminating the Luo Family and Star Glory City, there was no hurry. They could take their time to think about it. With the Dreadfiend Wheel in hand, the Luo Family and Star Glory City were nothing.

"You're crazy!"

Gu Qingfeng looked down at the puppets of all sizes, old and young. He was both shocked and angry. "They are from your Luo Clan. Back then, your father pushed them out to block the pursuers with his life. He caused everyone in the entire Luo Clan Village to die tragically. Yet, you didn't even let them die. You allowed them to be controlled by the devils. After they died, they couldn't even rest in peace. Are you still human?"

"My father caused their deaths? No, no, no!"

Luo Qin shook his head with a deranged expression. "Weren't you the ones who killed them? It was your City Lord Manor's people who raised their butcher knives and took their lives. The ones whose hands were stained with blood were you!”

"You lunatic!"