Chapter 166: End

"Bastard!"

With his Life Severing Strike blocked, Luo Qin no longer had the strength to continue fighting. Even if he did, the three old men behind him would not give him another chance. Looking at Luo Li, who was so close to him, akin to a natural chasm, Luo Qin let out a roar of despair and unwillingness: “I… am… not… convinced!”

"Holy Judgment!"

Boom!

“Absolute God Slaying Ghost Slash!”

Boom!

"Heaven-Ripping Earth-Splitting Blade!"

Boom!

Having been tricked, Li Dongliu, Gu Qingfeng, and Ye Guhong, who were enraged, did not hold back at all. They all used their ultimate moves and smashed heavily onto Luo Qin's back.

"Pfft!"

Luo Qin, who was already on the verge of death, suffered such a heavy blow that accelerated the loss of his life. He spat out a mouthful of blood and laughed at the sky. "Time is not on me. My life is not in my hands. Unfortunately, unfortunately!"

"Hahahaha…"

Luo Qin turned his head and looked at the three old men who were seething in anger. With a sinister smile, he turned his gaze towards Luo Li, before shifting his gaze towards Qin Sheng, who was lying on the ground. This despicable brat who had ruined all of his plans and caused him to lose everything, had a sinister light flickering in his eyes. “Luo Li, I will make you remember me forever. If I go to hell, I will also let you live in hell for the rest of your life.”

"Magic Wheel Full Power Liberation!"

The Demon Wheel of Fear trembled and let out a sharp cry. It was like the cry of a night owl and a baby. The sound waves made everyone present feel dizzy and they covered their ears in pain.

Swish!

How could Locsin, who had already run out of fuel, resist the horror of the wheel? His flesh, his soul, were wildly plundered by it. In the blink of an eye, he was nothing but a dried corpse, his fragile life ending abruptly.

However!

Luo Qin was gone, but the Demon Wheel of Terror, which he had sacrificed everything to, was still there. After unleashing its full power, the Demon Might shook the heavens and Demonic Qi overflowed everywhere. Even if it could not affect the three old monsters with extraordinary strength, it could at least block their perception.

So—

In such a dark situation, the three people outside could not see the situation of the three people shrouded by the demonic aura at all.

One had turned into a dried corpse and was completely dead (Luo Qin);

One was unable to use his strength due to being poisoned, and his physical strength had yet to recover, causing him to faint from the impact.

One had long since been cut to death by the Dreadfiend Wheel. Even though he had been revived by the [Life Prayer]’s resurrection skill, he still fainted for some reason. Perhaps it was due to the influence of the Dreadfiend Wheel, or perhaps it was due to the aftereffects of triggering the time domain.

Soon—

The demonic energy dissipated!

When Li Dongliu and the other two barged in, they only saw two people and a dried corpse lying on the ground. As for the Dreadfiend Wheel, it disappeared without a trace.

"As expected of one of the three great demonic artifacts. Even after losing its origin energy, it still possesses such great ability. It was actually able to escape the detection of us three old fellows and escape on its own.” Li Dongliu sighed.

"This isn't the first time. Didn't it happen once the last time we dealt with that old ghost, Luo Jie? This darn thing is indeed very odd. Thankfully, its Origins is missing. Otherwise, just the sound wave from before would have taken a layer of our skin, much less our lives."

Gu Qingfeng responded with some lingering fear. He said with some lingering fear, “It’s also fortunate that that brat Luo Qin didn’t cultivate to perfection. Otherwise, it really wouldn’t have been easy to capture him. I don’t know how powerful the ten sages of the past were, but they were actually able to defeat the Demon King of Fear who was in his peak state and had a perfect Demon Wheel of Fear.”

"Stop sighing here."

The experienced Ye Guhong rolled his eyes at his old friend and walked over to check on the auras of the young man and woman lying on the ground. After discovering that they had only fainted and there were no abnormalities, he let out a sigh of relief and said, “Mission accomplished. Quickly go back and report to the City Lord. Eldest Young Lady and this young friend must also be sent to the medical center to check and see if there are any problems that we can’t discover. After all, it’s the Dreadfiend Wheel. It’s very strange. It’s best to be careful.”

"Yes! Yes!"

Gu Qingfeng nodded repeatedly.

"Let me take a look!"

As a Great Mage of Light, Li Dongliu might not be able to save lives like a doctor, but the special properties of the power of light had its own unique qualities. It could purify, exorcise, heal, and heal.

"No problem!"

After a brief check, Li Dongliu said, "The Luo family's girl still has some lingering poison in her body, and her body is still weak. She just fainted from the impact of the Dreadfiend Wheel. Luckily, her foundation is not bad and there are no sequelae. When we get back, we'll get the doctor to use medicine to detoxify the poison. She'll be fine after resting for a period of time. As for this young friend…”

“What’s wrong with him? Will he be alright? He’s the hero who risked his life to save our young miss. We have to protect him. And this kid suits my taste. He’s brave, smart, responsible, and responsible. Most importantly, our young miss seems to like him.”

Gu Qingfeng hurriedly shouted, "This is great news! Twenty years old, Missy will be twenty in a few months. Other girls already have two children at this age, but she doesn't even have one that she likes. Us old men are so anxious that we almost grabbed all our hair. Now that we've finally met one, we can't just let him go!"

"Old ghost, what nonsense are you saying?"

Ye Guhong, who was standing at the side, had a face full of black lines. What did he mean by "we can't let him off just like that"? If this got out, wouldn't it ruin the reputation of the City Lord's Mansion and the Eldest Young Lady? Could it be that the daughter of the City Lord's Mansion was in such a hurry to be pushed out and no man wanted her anymore?

"Oh, oh, I was speaking too fast and too fast. Please take it that I was farting just now!"

Gu Qingfeng came back to his senses and smiled awkwardly. Thinking of the amiable and smiling City Lord, he couldn't help but shiver. Others might not know the City Lord's personality, but as the Luo Family's Guardian, how could they not know? He was definitely a black-bellied thousand-year old fox. If he was targeted, how could they survive?

"Don't worry, this young friend is fine!"

Li Dongliu cast a helpless glance at Gu Qingfeng before reaching out to point at Qin Sheng’s neck. “Look, what is that?”

"Hmm? This thing looks a little familiar!" Gu Qingfeng followed Li Dongliu's finger and looked at the necklace on Qin Sheng's neck. He frowned slightly and thought about it carefully. It felt very familiar, but he could not recall what it was or where he had seen it before.

"Life Prayer?" Gu Qingfeng couldn't do it. Ye Guhong, who was a mage who was sensitive to elements, recognized it at a glance. He said in surprise, "Isn't this the Life Prayer? Didn't the royal family store it in the royal palace's treasury? Why is it with this young friend? With it around, I can be at ease. At least this Demon Wheel of Fear, which has lost its source, can't do anything to the owner who was once protected by the Goddess of Life's accessories."