Chapter 176: Got The Luxury Mansion

"Why? Is the osmanthus cake not to your liking? It's alright, there are other pastries. There will always be one that you like." Seeing Qin Luo Sheng holding the osmanthus cake without moving for a long time, the mayor was somewhat surprised.

"No, it's not!" Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shook as he came back to his senses from his dazed state. He took a glance at the City Lord, who had a normal expression on his face. It was obvious that he was already used to this casual meal. He forced a smile and said, "I've never seen such exquisite pastries before, so I lost my composure for a moment."

"Haha, Weeping Soul Warrior is too polite!"

His flattery made the City Lord very happy. He felt that the pastries that he ate every day were especially delicious today. "Since the Weeping Soul Warrior likes it so much, let the kitchen make an extra serving for him later!"

Pack them up?

Old Luo, you're really a good person!

"Thank you, City Lord!"

Qin Luo Sheng accepted it without the slightest bit of politeness or intention of declining. How could he let go of such a good thing? If this old man believed it to be true and really did not give it away, wouldn't it be a great loss?

When the osmanthus cake entered his mouth, it was sweet but not greasy. There was a special osmanthus fragrance that was delicious.

Ding… You have eaten palace osmanthus cake. Hunger -10, Health Points permanently + 20, Constitution + 1! '

NICE!

It was really effective!

He never thought that eating a pastry could increase his attributes permanently. It was too awesome!

It seemed like!

In the future, he would have to pay more attention to the deputy position of chef.

And—

The prices of high-quality ingredients and special ingredients would definitely be higher than equipment in the future. He could pay special attention to his business. The main thing was that he had to satisfy his appetite first.

[Court date paste cake]

Category: Pastries

Effect: Hunger -10, Mana Points permanently + 20, Spirit + 1

Introduction: A royal pastry processed by a special craftsmanship of superior-grade dates. It has an exquisite and perfect appearance, looks, fragrance and taste. It has a special effect.

After eating a piece of osmanthus cake, Qin Luo picked up another piece of date paste cake. As expected, this thing also had a permanent attribute bonus. Without saying a word, he directly stuffed it into his mouth and chewed it.

Next was the mung bean cake, honeycomb cake, and crispy cake, which was also the famous wife cake. Together with a pot of tea, Qin Luo was really going to eat it!

Over 20 different types of pastries were consumed in one go, and the entire pot was filled to the brim with Pre-Rain Longjing tea leaves. All of them were wiped out by Qin Sheng, just like locusts passing through the borders. The rats swept away everything, leaving not a single drop behind.

"Thank you for your hospitality, City Lord. I've never eaten such delicious pastries before, please excuse me!"

After eating and drinking his fill, Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the City Lord sitting above him. There was a tall stack of plates in front of him. It was obvious that he was only taking a small taste, yet he did not leave a single one behind. Instantly, his face turned red.

"It's a good thing that young people can eat. For me, I can't even eat more!"

The city lord did not laugh at Qin Luo Sheng. Instead, he was very kind.

At this moment, the maid who had just left returned with a tray in her hands.

Ding… you have obtained land title * 1! '

Very good!

Now that he had the house, he had a family!

"I'm busy with work, so I won't keep the Weeping Soul Warrior. If you need anything in the future, you can come to the City Lord Residence to look for me."

The official business was over and the meal was over. The busy city lord began to see off the guests.

"Thank you, City Lord. I shall take my leave then!”

Qin Qin Sheng bowed slightly and turned to leave. Just as he was about to walk out of the main hall, he suddenly turned back and asked, "I wonder if Miss Luo is well?"

"Don't worry, my daughter is fine. She is now clear of the residual poison in her body, but her body is weak. She still needs some time to recuperate and nourish her body. In the future, she will definitely come personally to thank the Weeping Soul Warrior for saving her life.”

The City Lord smiled.

“Lord City Master is too serious.”

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hands repeatedly. "Since Miss Luo is safe and sound, I'm relieved. City Lord, farewell."

…

"Is this the place? As expected of the Luo Clan of the City Lord Manor!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up as he looked at the mansion that occupied at least 500 square meters.

Initially, he thought that it was just an ordinary house. He did not expect it to be such an ancient and fragrant house. He really made a killing.

Based on what he had seen at the Bureau of Fangdu, the initial estimate of this mansion was at least 200,000 gold coins. After all, a house that was only 70-80 square meters would cost 10,000 gold coins. This 500 square meter mansion, along with the location, environment, renovation, and so on, could be doubled by 20 times, right?

Don't think that it's too expensive. Other players couldn't buy this place even if they wanted to.

He had seen it on the sale map of the Bureau of Fangdu last time. This area was all black and not for sale. If not for the City Lord's gift, this mansion would not have fallen into his hands.

"Ding… You have the deed. Are you sure you are the owner of this house? Do you want to enter?"

"Enter!"

The title deed instantly bound the owner to be "Weeping Soul," and Qin Sheng immediately had all the rights to the mansion.

He pushed open the door and strode in.

There were pavilions, pavilions, small bridges, flowing water, a large independent garden, a training ground, and so on. It was extremely luxurious.

He checked his authority. If he was dissatisfied with this, he could modify it. For example, he could build a swimming pool in a modern mansion. As long as the place was big enough, he could even build an amusement park. It was really a superhuman setup.

Unfortunately…

No money!

Not to mention the expansion, even the demolition cost thousands of gold coins.

Sorry!

Farewell!

The poor guy was not fit to be the owner of this luxurious mansion.

Qin Luo asked, "System, how many gold coins do you need to maintain this mansion?"

"Ten gold coins per day!" replied the System.

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green.

10 gold coins?

Why the f*ck aren't you robbing?

Do you know how much 10 gold coins are worth at this stage?

That was nearly 70,000 yuan!

“MD, looks like I’m still too young to be happy.”

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

Previously, there were 8,000 yuan for a return scroll, followed by 70,000 yuan for a luxurious mansion.

Was he still a loser?

Why did it feel like he was richer than those billionaires?

"You can hire NPCs to manage it. For example, stewards, gardeners, maids, chefs, and so on. It's much cheaper than one-day maintenance."

Oh?

There was such a thing?

Qin Qin Sheng was a little surprised. Following the upgrade of the system, he opened the employment list.

Butler: Hiring money: 100 gold coins per month. Ability: Assist the master in managing family matters.

Maid: Hire money: 30 gold coins per month. Ability: Cleaning, cleaning, taking care of living, etc.

Chef: Employment gold: 50 gold coins per month. Ability: Cook.

Gardener: Hire money: 50 gold coins per month. Ability: Repairing the Garden.

Woodworking: Employment gold: 60 gold coins per month. Ability: Repair houses and so on.

…

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”