Chapter 178: Sorry For The Disturbance

F*ck, no wonder no one accepted this mission. It was indeed a scam!

What kind of place was Cliff Ridge?

According to the map sold by the provision store, it was located 50 miles to the east of Star Glory City. It was a steep cliff with steep cliffs and isolated ridges. Birds could not fly, apes could not climb, and it was extremely dangerous and evil. It was even more perverted than the Shu Dao written by the great poet Li Bai.

Furthermore!

Most importantly, the monsters around the precipice were at least level-25. The ones inside were definitely above level 30.

With the current players' abilities, even if the quest was to pick the sunflowers and not fight, it would still be difficult for them to get through the mountains and rivers, not to mention passing through the territories of those powerful monsters.

Most importantly, the danger level was so high, but the reward was so low. One gold coin, who was he mocking?

"No wonder he was called a fool. This mission is really hard to explain!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

Even he felt hopeless about this mission.

A level 30 monster. He was only level 16. This level suppression was too exaggerated. Not to mention how strong he was, under this level suppression, his attack would most likely be MISSed. How could he fight?

Even with the special ability of the Shadow Warrior and the concealment ability of the Spiritual Light Cloak, he could use it alternately. If he was lucky, he could avoid the battle and reach his destination.

However, the difficulty level was too high and the chance of error was too low. Once they encountered any accidents, it was very likely that all their efforts would be for naught. That would directly cause their mental state to explode.

"Stabilize and level up before going?"

This wouldn't work either, because the time limit for the mission was fixed. It was only five days.

"It's a mission that saves me N gold coins. It's normal for it to be difficult."

Having been through so much, he naturally saw things more clearly. Qin Sheng did not dwell too much on how much of a scam this mission was. He just did not know what to do and felt very lost.

"Forget it, I still have five days. I'll level up crazily these few days and reduce the level suppression a little. Maybe I can increase the success rate of the mission. As for the rest, I'll take it one step at a time. There's nothing to plan."

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng put this annoying task to the back of his mind for the time being and focused his attention on the big move that was about to start. "The most important thing now is to start a small shop first and eat the first crab. With a reputation, wouldn't we still be able to earn money in the future?"

"Just fighting monsters and earning gold is almost impossible. Not only will I suffer hardships, but I'll also earn less money. It's not enough to sustain the cost of the shop and repair the mansion. If I don't do business, I'll probably have to live on air."

Qin Sheng jogged all the way to the pharmacy.

"Brave warrior, welcome, I'll fight…"

Due to the fact that his charm was maxed out, every NPC and Qin Sheng's foundation was built on the foundation of pushing the heart into the stomach. When he entered, the attendant of the pharmacy walked over and explained non-stop. His enthusiasm was unparalleled, causing the surrounding people to be treated coldly. The player who was used to seeing the "you can buy it if you want" cold face was dumbfounded.

Intermediate potion, 1 silver coin per bottle!

Instant Hui Potion, 10 silver coins per bottle!

Good!

"Hmm, give me 2,000 bottles of Intermediate Life Potion, 2,000 bottles of Intermediate Magic Potion, 300 bottles of Beginner Life Potion and Beginner Magic Potion!"

20 gold coins + 20 gold coins + 60 gold coins = 100 gold coins!

Qin Luo, who still had three digits of assets, felt his heart ache.

“Gu… Guest, did you say anything wrong?”

This was the first time that Second Brother had encountered such a huge order. He wondered if he had heard wrongly.

He wasn't the only one. The surrounding gamers also looked like they had cheated. Thousands of bottles of potions and hundreds of gold coins were too crazy.

A pretentious prick? A real big boss?

"F*ck, it's real?"

As the transaction was completed, the crowd erupted.

It was too sick!

They would drink potions and search for them. They would not use them unless it was a crisis. Some of the poorer children would even use low-level Health Potions. As for Health Potions that had instantaneous effects, well, what was that?

And now?

The big boss bought a few thousand bottles at once, and the transaction amount reached 100 gold coins. If it was converted to RMB, that would be 700W +. What the f*ck was going on?

Indeed, the world of the rich was not something that the losers could understand.

"F * * k, if I had known, I would have switched to a single person!"

It felt good to be surrounded by countless people calling him big boss, but this was also quite troublesome. Qin Sheng was somewhat regretful. Why did he have to be so high-profile? Fortunately, he was wearing a mask, and no one knew that he was a Weeping Soul Beast. Otherwise, he might have caused some big trouble.

"Excuse me! Excuse me! Thank you!"

Qin Sheng did not reply. He lowered his head and relied on his powerful strength to open up a path. He squeezed through the crowd and ran away.

"Please appraise it!"

When he arrived at the appraisal store, Qin Luo Sheng had learned his lesson and switched to a single person. This meant that only he could see the transactions and conversations between him and the NPCs.

"Gasp… Good stuff!"

When he saw Qin Sheng take out more than ten pieces of equipment, the aged appraiser instantly drew in a cold breath. He stared at Qin Sheng in a daze, then after a moment of silence, he gave a price. "…All together, 52 gold, 83 silver, I'll give you zero, 52 gold!"

Qin Sheng:…

52 gold?

Just appraising an equipment, you freaking charged me 300,000 RMB?

I want to vomit!

“Sorry to interrupt.”

Qin Luo Sheng immediately retrieved his equipment and turned to leave without another word.

Without stopping to rest, he went to the Blacksmith Shop. He wanted to buy some goods and equipment. Then, he would use Starlight Miracle Transcendence to buy at a low price and sell at a high price. However, looking at the row of whiteboard weapons, the lowest price was 10 silver coins. Sorry for disturbing.

Just this?

If he bought it back, even if it was sublimated, most of it would be black iron. He would not be able to sell it for a high price. What was the point of spending so much effort?

"Welcome!"

Qin Luo Sheng had also supported Uncle Blacksmith's business since the damned durability system was open. The monsters that had been killed in the mass grave for so long, [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] had also lost a lot of durability. It was a good time to repair them.

"Tsk, little brother, your armor can't take it anymore!"

He endured the pain and spent 6 gold coins to fill up the two Epic single-handed swords. He was waiting for Uncle Blacksmith to repair the [Forest Hunter's Armor] when he suddenly said, "This armor must have been cut by an extremely sharp weapon. It completely collapsed and can't be repaired."

"It can't be repaired?" Qin Luo was completely dumbfounded. This was his gold-grade armor, and it was one of the sets. How could it be destroyed just like that? MLGBD, damn Locsin, the Demon Wheel of Fear.