Chapter 172: Su Youran (1)

Clang…

As the knife fell to the ground, the effeminate man cried out in pain. He held his wrist and squatted down, his forehead covered in cold sweat from the pain.

Qin Luo Sheng would not allow such a threat to exist. He immediately kicked out and accurately hit the feminine man's neck, knocking him unconscious.

"Fortunately, I retracted my strength. I just fainted."

After checking the effeminate man's breathing and discovering that he had merely fainted and was fine, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

Crushing his wrist was just self-defense. After all, he was about to be stabbed by a knife. However, the kick that followed had a slight effect on him. If anything happened, he would definitely be certified as having overstepped his boundaries and had to be responsible. This guy's family should be rich, and it would be hard to get rid of him once he got into trouble.

"Come out, everything is fine now!"

Qin Luo kicked the fruit knife away and stretched his neck, calling out to the darkness.

Then, he ignored the lady inside and took out his phone to call the police.

“Are—are you okay? What—what happened to him?”

Perhaps it was because she had heard that Qin Sheng had called the police, but Little Missy finally mustered her courage and walked out. She looked at Qin Sheng, whose clothes and hairstyle were still the same, and then at the feminine man who lay limp on the ground like a dead dog. She was very surprised.

"Small problem, solved!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at her and lowered his head slightly so that she would not see his throat moving and swallowing his saliva. However, his eyes were still fixed on her. Heh, wouldn't it be a pity to miss such a beautiful scene? It would be a waste not to look at it.

"You… can you not look at me like that?"

As a woman, she was rather sensitive to men's gazes. Furthermore, in this quiet and dark place, only the two of them were here. They could see each other at a glance and nothing could be hidden from them.

"Thank you!"

She hurriedly tidied up her messy clothes. Fortunately, they were only torn and not torn apart. She held onto them and could barely cover her naked body.

"Thank you for saving me!"

Feeling the fiery gaze of the little brother in front of her, she timidly thanked him again, her heart trembling.

This place was simply a holy land for wild battles!

They were a man and a woman, both young and vigorous. It was hard to guarantee that they wouldn’t do anything out of impulse.

Besides, her current appearance was even more enticing than usual. It was normal even if this hero-saving little brother could not hold himself back.

After all, she had a deep understanding of her own charm in her short 20 years of life. There were countless examples.

"No!"

Little Missy wailed in her heart.

If that was the case, wouldn't he be entering a tiger's den again?

This time, no one descended from the sky to save her!

"However, this little brother is quite handsome. He has a good figure and a sense of justice. If not for him, I would have been tainted by that disgusting sissy rich second-generation heir. I would rather be with this little brother than be bitten by a dog. At least, I won't be that disgusting."

The look in her eyes became more passionate, and the atmosphere became more ambiguous. She was already a little tipsy from drinking a little, and now her conservative heart was a little relaxed. Her face was flushed red, and her thoughts kept running wild.

"What's wrong with this woman? Did she drink fake wine?"

As a straight man who had never been in love before, Qin Sheng, who was simple and straightforward, had a set of flirting theories. If he were to really engage in actual combat, he would be completely caught off guard. When he saw Little Missy's reaction, he was instantly confused.

"Do you want to go out? You're shaking. You're scared to stay here, right? It's fine. I'll just watch this guy. You can go out."

Qin Luo Sheng said 'considerately' as he turned his body and made way.

"…"

Little Missy shuddered. She raised her head and looked at Qin Sheng, who had a serious expression on his face. The blush on her face faded away as she recalled her rowdy thoughts. She was both embarrassed and angry. She glared at Qin Sheng angrily and strode out in her high heels.

"What's going on? Did I say something wrong?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Little Missy walking past him in confusion. A faint fragrance drifted past and his obscure eyes flashed. He was speechless. "Could it be that this big sister's relative is here? Why is she so angry?"

Not long after, the police arrived and briefly asked about the situation. They then brought Qin Luo and Little Missy along as well as the unconscious man into the police car and returned to the police station.

During this time, Qin Sheng made a call back.

The ringtone rang for tens of seconds and was about to automatically end the call. Only then did Nan Nan pick up the call. That dazed tone made Qin Luo Sheng's face turn black. Needless to say, this girl was not obedient at all. After eating, she once again went back to sleep.

"Police uncle, look at this."

Qin Sheng had seen too many scams on the internet. He had played the blame game, bravely acting out of righteousness and being extorted from the news. He had paid extra attention to Qin Luo. When he was subduing the feminine man, he had already turned on his phone and recorded the entire process as evidence.

With the video as evidence and the testimony of the victim's sister, the police investigated the surveillance footage briefly before concluding the case. When the feminine man woke up and confessed, the case would be completely closed.

"Officer, can you give me a copy of the criminal's report?"

Qin Luo requested.

"Yo, you're quite cautious!"

When the middle-aged police officer in charge of the interrogation and statement heard this, he immediately laughed. As a wily old fox in this system, how could he not know what Qin Luo Sheng meant? He did not refuse either. He copied the medical report and handed it to Qin Luo, saying, "Don't worry, that kid stabbed you with a knife. It was self-defense for you to subdue him. With the video as evidence, you can't deny it. There's no way to extort you. However, you're quite fierce. You must be a martial arts practitioner. You actually crushed your wrist bone with one hand. You're quite strong."

"It's fine, it's fine. The villagers used to work in the mountains when they were young. They usually like to exercise too." Qin Sheng hurriedly smiled apologetically. Then, he turned his gaze to the medical report and looked at the doctor's conclusion. It was nothing, just a mild concussion. He would recover after resting for two days. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

"Take this medical report back and place it properly!"

The middle-aged policeman continued, "Don't worry. The rumors on the Internet can't be trusted. What era are we in now? Do you think it's the old society where officials and merchants collude? Times have changed. The law is the greatest now. No matter who makes a mistake, they will be punished. No one can escape."

Qin Luo looked down and did not comment.

"Kid, you're really interesting!"

The middle-aged policeman scolded jokingly, "Don't think about all that nonsense. You were acting bravely for a just cause. We have already defined it and reached a conclusion."

"As for that kid, he does have some money at home and his parents have some connections. Maybe he can find someone to walk the girl's path. If he gets the girl's forgiveness letter, he will probably be lightly sentenced. However, the attempted rape is confirmed. Even if the girl doesn't sue, we will definitely sue her. We will lock that bastard up for at least a year or two."