Chapter 170: Rescue In The Shadows

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo Sheng had no idea what was going on and was dumbstruck.

Perhaps it was because the person bound by the Dreadfiend Wheel was' Qin Sheng ', which belonged to him, so he had absorbed the Nine Neonate's demon core as the origin power. The terrifying phenomenon that had been emitted did not affect him at all.

"That's it?"

The phenomenon came and went quickly. In just a few seconds, it disappeared.

He took down the Dreadfiend Wheel that was floating in the air. It looked the same on the outside, with just the addition of the Nine Neonate's demon core. However, it seemed to feel different on the inside. Qin Sheng chanted again, "Attribute!"

[Dreadfiend Wheel (Initial Awakening)]

Type: Other Wheel

Grade: Demon Weapon

Requirement: None

Qin Luo Sheng

Effect: Attack + 199, Strength + 30

Special Feature: Sharp, Corrosive, Fear, Control

Ability: [Sharp Cut] [Dark Corrosion] [Fear of the Abyss] [Soul Control] [Nine Neonate Divine Fire] [Nine Neonate Divine Water] [Nine Neonate Spirit]

Status: Sealed (Initial Awakening)

It had changed!

The Dreadfiend Wheel had changed!

Not only did his attacks become stronger, but his strength also increased. Furthermore, he had three additional abilities, all of which were related to Jiu Ying.

Not only that!

There was an additional column below—Status!

“That’s right. I heard from that old man Gu Qingfeng that the Demon Wheel of Fear seemed to have been released by the Demon King of Terror in ancient times. That’s how it managed to break through the encirclement of the three sages and escape with its life.”

Qin Luo Sheng recalled the words of the big shot Gu Qingfeng, who was worshipped by the City Lord in the gaming world. He pondered for a moment and said, "At that time, the Dreadfiend Wheel lost its source of power and only had its shape. It no longer has the terrifying ability that made many strong practitioners tremble in fear."

"That's why the status column shows the 'seal', and the 'initial awakening' should have been born after absorbing the Nine Neonate's demon core as a temporary source of energy. After this awakening, a portion of the Demon Wheel of Terror's power was released, and it became much stronger than before."

The more he thought about it, the more he felt that it made sense. Qin Sheng could not help but praise his own conjecture.

"Equipment, Dreadfiend Wheel!"

Qin Sheng's gaze focused when he opened his character column again and looked at the bare "himself". He gave the order and the Dreadfiend Wheel transformed into a stream of light that flew into the space between his brows.

The sudden turn of events made Qin Sheng subconsciously take a few steps back and sit down on the bed. After being stunned for a few seconds and realizing that there was nothing unusual, he shook his head and looked over again.

There weren’t any special changes, but a strange-looking wheel appeared in the hand of the naked interface person. It was the Dreadfiend Wheel.

At the same time—

His attributes also changed drastically.

Qin Sheng

Title: None

Power: 37.21

Constitution: 5.83

Agility: 4.76

Mind: 5.03

Subject:???

Item: None

Equipment: Demon Wheel of Fear (Initial Awakening)

Skills: None

The 30 points of Strength added by the Dreadfiend Wheel went up. The Strength column went from 7.21 to 37.21. It looked very pleasing to the eye. However, the additional Attack + 199 did not appear for some reason.

"This Demon Wheel of Fear is a product of the Demon Race. Will I be affected if I use it, just like the [Demon Blood Sacrifice]?"

Qin Luo was somewhat worried.

This was not groundless fears. After all, with the [Demon Blood Sacrifice] in front, the game could really affect one's temperament. After all, one's brain waves would enter the game and "experience" it personally. While one's body would not be injured, one's mind would be different.

Besides…

Now was not the virtual world, but the real world. Just think about how Rochin, who had used the Dreadfiend Wheel, had been driven mad and completely possessed, becoming a puppet of the Dreadfiend Wheel, one would know how dangerous this thing was.

"Forget it, why think so much?"

Qin Luo suddenly smiled. "In any case, I'm already bound. I can't get rid of it even if I wanted to. Besides, if I want to understand the secrets of Fate Dimension and find a way back to Earth, the first condition must be that I possess great power."

"Even though the Dreadfiend Wheel is a double-edged sword, it is undeniable that it is very powerful. With it, I will no longer have to worry about being detected by Fate's official group and almost having my car overturned. It doesn't matter if Weeping Soul's identity is exposed. With such a powerful weapon, I should be able to protect myself."

…

After pondering for a while in the room, Qin Luo was called out by the delivery man before he could figure out anything.

Eh?

Delivery time, 23 minutes?

Damn!

So fast?

After thanking the young man, he took the big bag of items from Qin Luo and moved the induction cooker out of the kitchen. He placed it on the dining table, plugged it in, and started preparing.

It was no wonder that the hotpot restaurant served food quickly. The delivery man also delivered food quickly. He only ordered the ingredients and the bottom of the pot. He did not ask the food to be cooked. Of course, it was fast.

"Yes, this is the taste. It's perfect!"

As a citizen of Yuzhou, the Spicy Hotpot was the label of his hometown. It was famous around the world and he had eaten it many times since he was young. He didn't even need to try it to know if it was authentic or not. He just needed to smell it.

"It should be a shop opened by Yuzhou people in Shanghai, right? It's not in vain that I specially chose it for a long time. This evaluation is quite reasonable."

Qin Sheng watched as the base of the pot was added with the seasoning and boiled. He placed the side dishes and mixed the oil sauce. The strong smell of beef oil made him salivate continuously, as he had not eaten hotpot in a long time.

"Father, duck blood, quickly cook the duck blood!"

Nan Nan followed Qin Luo's example and added some seasoning salt into the minced garlic. Then, he added scallions and coriander, poured some seasoning oil into it, and stirred it slightly before staring at the boiling pot with a look of longing on his face.

"Wait a moment. The duck blood needs to be cooked for a while before it can be eaten. Let's boil the tripe first, the duck intestines, fat beef, and meat slices!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Nan Nan, the gluttonous little kitten, with a smile on his face. He pushed the food on the table towards her and continued to cook the food.

Qin Luo and Nan Nan ate the hotpot for nearly an hour. They were both enjoying themselves to their heart's content. It was a hot day and they were sweating profusely despite the low temperature of the air conditioner. After one round, it was as if they had been scooped out of water.

"Do you want to go out for a walk? You've eaten so much. How can you not exercise and digest your food?"

After tidying up the mess on the table, Qin Sheng packed up the trash and went out for a walk to digest his food. Before he left, he once again extended an invitation to Nan Nan. The result was obvious - he was still rejected mercilessly.

"Hai, it's really difficult to handle!"

Qin Sheng had no choice but to go out by himself. After throwing away the rubbish, he started strolling around the estate.

If you eat too much, don't exercise vigorously or run. Just walk slowly. After you digest your food a little, you can do some light exercises to help with digestion.

The district was very big. Qin Sheng took the opportunity to familiarize himself with it and scout places that he had never been to before. It would be embarrassing if he did not even know where he lived.

"Oh… Help!"