Chapter 175: Courtesan Osmanthus Cake

Was it simple?

Not simple!

However—

The mission was so difficult, but wasn't this reward too ridiculous?

He had no experience, no equipment, no skill books, no blueprints or formulas, no scrolls or treasures. He did not even have a treasure map that he had to use his life to find…

What did he have?

Reputation points?

Promise?

Haha…

If it was a normal player, they would have already started cursing and swearing. This was obviously a scam. What was the use of giving these B-grade items?

However…

In the eyes of Qin Sheng, this reward was undoubtedly the highest standard.

This was because he had bought a shop previously. Qin Sheng knew very well that in the Bureau of Fangdu, a bit of Reputation Points could match a gold coin. This reward of 5,000 Reputation Points was equivalent to 5,000 gold coins. Was this not considered high?

And promises.

One had to know that the most difficult debt in the world was a debt of gratitude, especially a debt of gratitude from a big shot like the City Lord of Star Glory City. If it was handled well, it could bring about immense wealth.

"This reward is amazing!"

Qin Luo praised in his heart. "The dog system has finally become a human once. My efforts in Luo Village were not in vain."

“Lord City Master is being too courteous. In truth, I was only going to the mass grave to gain experience. I unintentionally intruded into Luo Family Village and did it on the way. I cannot accept this.”

Qin Luo Sheng replied politely, "The one who dealt with Luo Qin was Old Li. Old Gu and Old Ye have nothing to do with me."

"Weeping Soul Warrior is too humble!"

The City Lord stroked his beard and smiled. "If you can't think of anything, let this old man make the decision for you."

Qin Sheng:…

"Thank you, City Lord, but I will follow your instructions."

The city lord asked, “Lord Fang of the Fangdu Bureau once reported that you bought a shop and are currently renovating it, right?”

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised. How did you know about such trivial matters as the City Lord, who was extremely busy every day?

"Yes!"

"If that's the case, then I've thought it through." The City Lord continued, "Your shop will be exempted from taxes for the rest of its life. In the future, the taxes for the businesses you purchase in Star Brilliance City will be 80%. Hmm, considering that you've only just arrived in Star Brilliance City and have no fixed residence, I'll make the decision to give you a residence from my Luo family's private property. What do you think?"

Ding… City Lord of Starlight City wishes to exchange the promise for a reward: Currently, the owner of the shop will be exempted from taxes for life. The property tax of Starlight City under my name is 80%. A residence, do you agree? '

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded!

Shit?

So generous?

As expected of the lord of a city. There was some residue between his fingers. He had given us poor b * stards food to eat.

This reward did not seem special, but in the eyes of normal players, it was better to give a Silver equipment. After all, at this stage, players did not have much money to buy potions. Opening a shop? That was simply a fantasy. Even if they had a shop, where would they find the goods? If they could not sell the goods, not to mention taxes, they would not even have enough money to maintain the operation of the shop.

But in the long run, this reward was practically a gold mine.

This was especially true for someone like Qin Sheng, who had a miracle of stardom and could produce a lot of good stuff to sell anytime and anywhere. This tax exemption was giving him money.

Not only that—

Other than the fact that this shop was now exempted from taxes for the rest of its life, the tax rate of the shops opened in Starlight City would also be reduced to 80%, saving a lot of money.

The most surprising thing was that the City Lord had actually generously gifted a house. This was something that Qin Sheng had never expected. Perhaps the house did not have any special use for combat players, but it was extremely valuable for life-type players.

For example, blacksmiths, tailors, pharmacists, and other professions, you would need a room to forge, make clothes, and refine medicine, right? You would always need to place some special equipment and tools, right?

These were all meticulous tasks that could not be disturbed, or else there was a high chance that all of their efforts would go to waste. They could not find a place to start work at any time, or else the guards would not be polite to you. They would directly use the excuse of "affecting the city's appearance" to capture you into a cell to cool down for a few days. Not only would it be a waste of time, but they would also be fined. It was simply too much.

So—

The Living job gamers who were trying to increase their proficiency were going crazy. They treated the Blacksmith Shop and other soundproof rooms as their own homes, causing their rental business to be booming.

Renting a house once or twice wasn't a big deal. However, ten times or eight times, dozens or even hundreds of times, it would accumulate a lot of money. Furthermore, the rooms were limited. It wasn't something that you could rent as you wished. It was very painful.

If you had your own house, not only would you save money, but you would also be free. You could work as long as you wanted. That would be great.

Unfortunately, who could afford it?

Before opening virtual currency and real currency exchange, players would not be able to afford houses. Even if there were big shots who would buy gold coins at all costs, they would not spend so much to buy a house and invest in other things to earn money. Wouldn't it be good?

Even a loser like Qin Sheng, who had a business sense of judgment of almost zero, chose a shop instead of a house when he could only buy one with Reputation Points. There was no need to even mention those big shots who were proficient in business.

"Thank you for your kindness, City Lord. That brat will accept it!"

Qin Luo Sheng had wanted to come into contact with the art of weapon refinement to begin with. In the past, he was still troubled over how to find a place to test the waters. Now that the City Lord had suddenly come up with this and sent a house over, all the problems were perfectly solved. He was truly too considerate. How could he not be excited?

"As long as the Weeping Soul Warrior likes it!"

Seeing that Qin Sheng had accepted it, the City Lord nodded his head in satisfaction. Then, he instructed the maidservant who was serving him at the side. The maidservant nodded and retreated. "Come, have a taste. The desserts of my City Lord Manor are the best in Starlight City. They are extremely delicious. The Weeping Soul Warrior has been unconscious for so long, he must be hungry as well. No need to stand on ceremony, just treat it as your own home."

Upon hearing the City Lord's words, Qin Sheng also felt a little hungry. He took a glance and saw that his hunger level had already dropped to 20 points. Fortunately, he was not in a combat state, or else his combat strength would have been reduced.

He picked up the exquisitely shaped pastry. Qin Sheng could not name it, but looking at its appearance and smelling its fragrance, it made his mouth water and his mouth water.

[Court Sweet Osmanthus Cake]

Category: Pastries

Effect: Hunger -10, Health Points permanently + 20, Constitution + 1

Introduction: A high-class osmanthus cake that has been processed with special craftsmanship. Its appearance is exquisite and perfect. It has a good taste and color. It has a special effect.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Initially, it was just his occupational disease acting up. He couldn't help but scan it with his detection skill. He didn't expect to see such a scene.

Was the City Lord Manor that impressive?

The pastries that he usually ate could actually increase his attributes permanently?

Wasn't this too extravagant?