Chapter 179: Yatu Calls

"It can be repaired, but it can only repair its outer appearance. Its source has already been destroyed. Even if it is repaired, its abilities and skills are all gone."

Uncle Blacksmith looked regretful.

"Then… how much do you need?" Qin Sheng pinched his brows and asked.

Without additional abilities and skills, the [Forest Hunter Armor] dropped from the front line to the third line, and was basically useless. However, it just so happened to be a set component, and he had to rely on it to activate the attributes of the set, but he could not abandon it. It was really a headache.

"It looks like it doesn't have a source. Repairing it is very cheap."

The blacksmith uncle said forthrightly, "However, this thing is a Gold-grade armor after all. The materials used are still quite particular. It needs about 2 gold coins because it is severely damaged. I need some of my own materials."

"No problem. Uncle, do it!"

Two gold coins were still within the acceptable range. Qin Sheng nodded and agreed.

Soon, the repairs were completed.

Qin Luo Sheng took it over and opened the attributes of [Jungle Hunter Armor]—

[Jungle Book Hunter Armor]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 10, Physical Class

Durability: 20 / 20

Effect: Defense + 120

Introduction: One of the legendary sets worn by the Forest Hunters. After a set is gathered, under specific circumstances, it can greatly display the physical advantage of wearing it and transform into a Forest Child, becoming the top of the food chain.

His Defense dropped from 150 to 120. His original + 15 Constitution and + 10 Agility were gone. The special effects and additional skills were also gone.

"I really f*cked your DJ!"

Qin Luo's face turned green on the spot.

It was just a first-tier powerful armor, but it was finished just like that. Dog Rank's Dreadfiend Wheel actually had damage attributes. It was a pity that my [Jungle Scamper] Set couldn't keep up with the pace. Now that the armor was destroyed, it was basically time to bid farewell.

He hatefully put on the [Forest Hunter's Hunter Armor], which had greatly reduced its abilities, and Qin Sheng went to the tailor shop again.

"Hmm, let me take a look. It will cost 19 gold coins to repair everything here!"

The seamstress examined it, then spat out a number that made Qin Sheng despair.

He only had 30 gold coins in the first place. The Blacksmith spent 8 gold coins and now he only had 22 gold coins. Who would have thought that he would need 19 gold coins here?

"MLGBD, now I finally know why some people would spend money on their sub-occupation proficiency even if they were selling cars and houses. Now that they have learned it, isn't the initial investment rolling back? Not to mention forging equipment, just changing to a mechanic will earn them a lot of money."

So what if he was unhappy?

He still had to obediently pay.

After paying 19 gold coins, all his equipment and durability were restored to full.

Fortunately, he did not need to repair the [Medal of Courage], [Life Prayer], and [Spiritual Water Pearl]. Otherwise, he would not even have enough money to repair them.

"F*ck, this is so tragic."

Looking at the remaining three gold coins, Qin Sheng almost choked to death before he could catch his breath.

"Since this is all I have, I might as well go all out!"

Qin Luo made up his mind and opened the city channel, spending one gold coin to shout—

XXX shouted, "Players of Star Glory City, pay attention. The address is Star Glory City XXXXX. In three hours, you will be selling the [Mercenary Group Establishing Certificate] and a large batch of high-grade potions. Please visit us!"

XXX shouted, "Players of Star Glory City, pay attention. The address is Star Glory City XXXXX. In three hours, you will be selling the [Mercenary Group Establishing Certificate] and a large batch of high-grade potions. Please visit us!"

XXX shouted, "Players of Star Glory City, pay attention. The address is Star Glory City XXXXX. In three hours, you will be selling the [Mercenary Group Establishing Certificate] and a large batch of high-grade potions. Please visit us!"

After spending three gold coins in a row, Qin Sheng finally stopped playing tricks.

Initially, he wanted to start right now because he was really lacking money. However, if he was in a hurry, those big shots would not be able to receive gold coins. Naturally, the price would not be able to be raised and it would be very disadvantageous.

Three hours of buffer time should be enough. Be it good or bad, everyone could accept it.

"Is the renovation done? It's not bad!"

After the announcement, Qin Sheng paid no more attention to it. The next stage was destined to belong to those wealthy big shots. He came to his own restaurant and looked at the shop that had been successfully renovated and looked brand new. He was very satisfied and did not spend a lot of money in vain.

"Oh no! I forgot about that."

He glanced at the bare door plaque. Just as he was about to name it, Qin Sheng suddenly remembered that there was still a shop assistant missing.

"We're doomed!"

He had actually missed out on this.

Without a shop assistant, would he, the boss, have to be the second-in-command?

This was not a matter of style, nor was it a matter of whether he could do it or not. The key was that it was really not suitable for him to appear, because he was prepared to create a "black shop" in this shop. In the future, he would definitely be scolded badly. It would be fine if no one knew that the boss behind the scenes was him, but once they knew it was him, wouldn't it be terrible?

Beep beep…

At this moment, his communicator rang.

Could it be?

Qin Luo's expression froze.

There were only four friends in his contact list. He didn't need to guess to know who they were.

He opened it—

It was indeed that fellow, Yatu.

"Brother Weihun, long time no see."

‘ I’m just going to open the door and make small talk. Yes, very polite.’

"Brother Yatu, one never visits unless they need something. Speak, what is it?"

Qin Qin Sheng already had a whole set of plans to scam people. However, he could not say it directly. The seller's market and the buyer's market were two completely different concepts. Therefore, he pretended to reply coldly.

"…"

After a moment of silence, it was obvious that Qin Sheng had choked on his cold attitude. After a long while, he replied, "I wonder if you were the one who shouted 'Establishment Certificate of the Mercenary Group' in Star Brilliance City, Brother Weeping Soul?"

Did he immediately get to the main topic?

Hmm!

This child is worth teaching!

"That's right, it's me!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded his head and admitted it without concealing anything.

"I'm guessing it's you, Brother Weeping Soul. In the entire Star Glory City, no, in the entire Hua Xia war zone, I can't think of anyone else other than you who could drop that thing so quickly. The drop rate is indeed terrible. I'm sure Brother Weeping Soul has killed a powerful Boss, right?"

Yatu was very tactful and silently flattered her.

"You contacted me to buy it, right?"

There were too many things to do and too little time. Qin Luo Sheng could not be bothered to beat around the bush, so he changed the subject. "I can sell them to you directly without auctioning them, because I have three in my hands, so that you can get the reputation of being the first to establish a mercenary group."

Yatu:…

Three cards?

Boss, can you teach me how to cheat?