Chapter 171: The Hero Saves The Beauty

Qin Sheng strolled through the dark path and the green garden. As he walked further away, he unknowingly reached the gap between two buildings.

"Oh… Help!"

There was no more road ahead. Just as Qin Sheng was about to leave, suddenly, a voice rang out from the shadows in the corner. This voice was extremely soft. If Qin Sheng had not been a hanging wall, his body had been strengthened and his five senses surpassed that of an ordinary person. In addition, his spiritual power had exceeded five. He would definitely not have heard it.

"Someone is calling for help? And it's a woman?"

Qin Luo retracted his foot and his eyes instantly lit up with excitement.

Who would have thought that I, Qin Sheng, would actually encounter a hero saving a damsel in distress in a novel? It looks like my days of singlehood are coming to an end!

"Who is it?"

The flip-flops made "Pa Da Pa Pa Pa" sounds on the flat stone road. In this silent environment, it was so abrupt and loud that it immediately alarmed the people in the shadows. Accompanied by the obvious "wu wu" sounds of someone covering their mouth, there was also a young male voice that carried a bit of fear and a bit of sharpness.

"Yohou?!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored him and walked straight through the narrow path to the shadow behind the building. The dim light from the tall building opposite was just enough for him to see in this dark place.

"Hey, brother, what's going on? Is it that exciting?"

At a glance, Qin Sheng saw the two protagonists who were about to engage in a passionate scene.

One of them was a feminine-looking man. At this moment, he was looking at him with a frightened expression on his face. It seemed like he was dissatisfied with this uninvited guest of his and was also very alarmed.

The other protagonist was a young girl. At this moment, she was pressed against the wall by the man. One of his hands was pressing her down to prevent her from struggling, while the other was covering her mouth to prevent her from crying for help.

She was not in a good condition. She probably did not feel good either.

The top half of her revealing collar bone bat shirt had already been ripped apart. The cover had been forcefully pulled apart, revealing a white patch of her voluptuous breasts. Coupled with the long and slender legs under the miniskirt, it was dazzling and made one's mouth dry.

Her long black hair was messy from her struggle. She had willowy eyebrows, long eyelashes, and big eyes. Unfortunately, her face was covered and her face could not be seen clearly. Even so, just this alone was enough to show her charm. It was indeed very tempting.

Unfortunately, due to fear and shock, her bean-sized tears rolled down and ruined this beauty.

However!

Perhaps it was because of that pitiful look on her face that her charm had increased by a level.

Of course, this was usually a good thing, but for now, it was a disaster—

When meeting kind-hearted people like Qin Sheng and facing the current Qin Sheng, he would feel a sense of guilt in his heart. However, those who were evil, like this brother who was about to commit a crime, would feel even more fired up and want to desecrate him even more. His lust would urge him to increase his strength to sully this beauty and purity.

"Who are you? Mind your own business!"

The effeminate man heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Qin Sheng acting alone. It would be fine if it was just one person. However, now that he had been caught in such a situation, the wonderful time that followed was gone. This made him extremely angry. He stretched out his hand and took out a fruit knife from his belt. He roared fiercely, "Get lost right now. Otherwise, the knife in my hand won't recognize anyone!"

"Big Brother, run! Leave me alone!"

The man who had wanted a piece of meat took out his knife, and the girl's mouth, which had been covered, was instantly freed. Looking at Qin Luo, who was cool and did not even have a brick in his hand, she hurriedly shouted, "…Help me call the police!"

"Shut up!"

Upon hearing the word "call the police," the effeminate man instantly panicked. He flew into a rage out of humiliation and slapped the girl's face.

Even though the man who was about to commit a crime was a sissy, he still had some strength. With a slap, the girl's delicate face instantly turned red.

"Wu…"

The pain and fear made the girl want to scream, but when she saw the sharp knife, she immediately bit her lips to prevent herself from making a sound. Tears filled her eyes and fell like a waterfall.

"Hey, brother, the knife doesn't recognize people, why do you have to do this? You just want to have fun, you don't have to take a life, right? Looking at your clothes, you must be pretty rich, right? What kind of woman can't you find, why do you have to do these things?"

Qin Luo urged with a smile.

He wasn't afraid of the effeminate man, but this fellow had a knife in his hand. If he were to kill the girl, wouldn't he be harming her?

"Shut up. Are you teaching me how to do things?"

However, it was useless to talk nonsense when dealing with the NPCs and various Bosses in the World of Destiny. The effeminate man put on a battle stance and pretended to be vicious as he looked at him and shouted in a low voice, "Get lost, or I'll let you enter the ICU today!"

That's it?

What a waste!

It seemed like he was also a little playboy who relied on his family's wealth to commit crimes. He wanted to play with some flowers, but when he was seen, he was extremely scared. He pretended to be a bandit, but his acting skills were very poor. He really couldn't bear to watch.

"Enter the ICU? Then you have to be able to do it!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not want to waste any more time on this fellow. The longer he dragged on, the more uneasy this fellow would be and the easier it would be for him to do something wrong. Therefore, he waved his hand and shouted at the girl, "Little miss, don't panic. I'll go out and make a call to the police. There are police cars patrolling not far from here. It's very fast to get out of the police station."

As he said that, Qin Sheng did not even turn his head as he ran away from the narrow path between the cracks. His vigorous running caused the flip-flops to rub against the ground, producing a crisp "Pa da" sound, just like when he had entered.

The girl was dumbfounded!

The effeminate man was also dumbfounded!

What happened to saving the damsel in distress?

Just this?

F*ck!

The television was full of lies. Wasn't this too f*cking real?

"Bastard!"

The effeminate man was stunned for two seconds before he came to his senses. He looked at Qin Sheng who had already disappeared from his sight and gritted his teeth. He looked at the beauty who was in tears with reluctance and gave up in pain, preparing to run away.

“Hey, su

p;

Is! "

However!

Just as the feminine man ran through the dark tunnel and stepped into the gap between the buildings, a head suddenly popped out. It let out a loud cry that nearly scared him out of his wits.

"It's you?"

The effeminate man focused his gaze. If it wasn't Qin Luo who he knew had already run away, who was it? His old hatred (he had been scared and played) surfaced in his heart, and the flames of rage immediately occupied his mind. Without even thinking, he stabbed with his saber.

"So slow?"

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold laugh. Looking at the feminine man's slow movements, he stretched out his hand and grabbed his wrist first. Without holding back, he exerted strength and instantly, with a crack, his bones shattered.