Chapter 174: Mission Reward Is Here

"Ah!"

Just as Qin Luo was sizing up this strange place with a confused expression, the door was suddenly pushed open and a sweet-looking young maid entered with a basin of water.

"Young Master, you're awake!"

Looking at Qin Sheng who had already opened his eyes, the maidservant called out in surprise. She ran over briskly and dipped the towel into the basin. After soaking it, she wrung it dry and gently wiped his face. She was gentle, professional, and meticulous.

"Where is this place?"

If not for his clear mind, Qin Luo Sheng would have suspected that he had transmigrated again. This time, he had transmigrated to ancient times and become a young master.

"This is the Luo Clan!"

The young maid didn’t hide anything and immediately replied, “It was the Honorable Lord who sent Young Master back. Young Master has already slept for a day.”

"Luo Clan?"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat at a loss. After thinking for a while, he finally recalled something and asked, "Could it be that this is the City Lord Residence?"

"Yes!"

The maidservant blinked her eyes and tilted her head cutely. She replied, "This is the Luo Clan of Star Brilliance City, the residence of the City Lord. Young Master is currently in a room in the backyard of the Luo Residence."

Qin Sheng:…

"Is Young Master awake? Are you feeling unwell? Do you need a doctor?"

After swiftly wiping Qin Sheng's face, the maidservant was about to leave with the basin of water and specially asked before she left.

"I'm fine, I feel great!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and refused. He then asked, "Is the City Lord here? I want to pay him a visit and thank him for saving my life and taking me in."

"Yes!"

The maidservant replied, “The City Lord has instructed that if Young Master is fine after he wakes up, Young Master can go and have a chat.”

"Alright, please lead the way!"

Upon hearing this, Qin Sheng immediately sat up from the bed and got off the bed, following behind the maidservant.

He opened his stats window—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV 16

Occupation: Shadow Warrior, Advanced Weapon Refinement Master

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 5260 (Secondary Reputation: Temple of Destiny, 1000)

Power: None

Money: 123 Gold, 68 Silver, 17 Bronze

Basic Attributes: 700 Strength, 507 Constitution, 468 Agility, 495 Spirit

Special Attribute: Luck 13, Charm Max, Enlightenment 8, Tenacity 18, Focus 13

Health: 17,620 / 17,620

Mana: 15680 / 15680

"My left hand, 2464."

Magic Attack: 731

Physical Defense: 523

Magic Defense: 52

Speed: 554

Dodge: 45%

Critical Hit: 55%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Skills: Slightly

Level 16!

It was still level 16, and there was no decrease!

Qin Luo was overjoyed. He hurriedly opened up the equipment panel and was even more delighted when he saw that there were many pieces of equipment.

“He didn’t die, wasn’t killed by Rochin’s final attack?!”

Lowering his head, Qin Sheng looked at the [Life Suppliant] hanging on his neck and sighed. "It should be because the resurrection of the [Life Suppliant] was effective, thus saving his life."

"How lucky!"

"The reason why I was forced to go offline was probably because Rochin's attack was too overbearing and the Dreadfiend Wheel was too strange. That was why I was knocked out after reviving."

"After that, Gu Qingfeng and the other two big shots arrived in time and killed Luo Qin. Only then did they save me and send the unconscious me to the City Lord Residence."

“Well, that’s about right.”

After a series of guesses, Qin Sheng managed to sort out the situation and was pretty close to the truth.

"Young Master, we're here!"

Just as he was thinking about it, the young maid had already led the way. She pointed at the grand and luxurious main hall in front of them and softly said, “The City Lord is working in the main hall. Young Master, you may enter. This servant will take his leave!”

"Thank you!"

The maidservant curtsied, and Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly cupped his fists in response. Under his bright and radiant smile, he watched her leave before turning around and heading towards the main hall.

"Good day, City Lord."

Perhaps it was due to the care of the City Lord, the guards on the way did not make things difficult or interrogate Qin Sheng. He entered the main hall easily and pushed open the door. Before he could carefully feel the luxurious aura, he saw the City Lord sly old fox sitting in the main hall with a smile on his face. Startled, he immediately retracted his gaze and went forward to greet him.

"Thank you, City Lord, for saving my life and taking me in!"

Qin Luo cupped his fists and bowed politely.

"Weeping Soul Warrior, you are too polite, I should thank you for saving my daughter."

The city lord stood up and walked over personally to help Qin Sheng, who was bending over, up. He pulled on Qin Sheng's arm and thanked him sincerely, "If the Weeping Soul Warrior had not broken through Luo Qin's scheme and saved my daughter without any regard for his own safety, perhaps this old bone of mine would have been sent off by the white-haired man to the black-haired man, and I would have lost my descendant. There is nothing I can do to repay your great kindness. Please accept my bow."

"City Lord is too polite!"

The leader paid his respects. As someone who wanted to earn a living under him, how could he not be observant? Qin Sheng hurriedly stopped the city lord from paying his respects and said, "This is what I should do. I believe that no matter who it is, they will not stand by and do nothing when they see this. The city lord is being too serious."

"Alright, you and I don't have to be so polite!"

Qin Luo helped him up, but the city lord didn’t insist on continuing the ceremony. He pulled Qin Luo into his seat and ordered the maids to serve him tea and snacks. Then, he said, "This time, my Luo Clan is indebted to you. As the city lord of Star Brilliance City, I must set an example. Please don’t refuse, Weeping Soul Warrior. I don’t know what request you have, but there’s no harm in saying it. My Luo Clan will do our best to satisfy it.”

Ding… congratulations on completing the triggered hidden quest [Save Luo Li]. Reward: Reputation + 5000, a promise from the City Lord of Star Glory City, Luo Lin!

NICE!

The sudden system prompt almost made Qin Sheng jump up.

How difficult was a trip to a mass grave?

Three extremely powerful Level 20 Gold Bosses had already exploded, not to mention Rocin, who was controlling the Dreadfiend Wheel and had the terrifying Legendary strength of a demon.

Even if it was Li Dongliu, Gu Qingfeng, and Ye Guhong, the three old monster NPCs that had killed Luo Qin, he was just a noob that had been watching the entire battle. However, he had exploded in the end and helped Luo Li block a blade.

Even so, the difficulty of triggering the hidden mission was not low at all.

If it were any other player, not to mention whether they would be able to kill their way through the mass grave and find the path to the hidden Luo Clan Village, it would be hard to say if the brat carrying Luo Li would be able to handle it.

Even if it was possible, the three Level 20 Gold Bosses appeared one after another, from the mediocre Warrior Ghost Skeleton to the sturdy tank, then to the freakish mage Hun You. Which one of them was weak?

Furthermore, not only did he have to kill three Bosses, he also had to rescue Luo Li from Luo Qin’s hands in the end. Only then would the City Lord’s Mansion be grateful. Otherwise, once Luo Li died, the mission would be considered a failure.

From the looks of it, wasn't that simple?