Chapter 173: Su Youran (2)

"…The attempted rape is confirmed. Even if the girl doesn't sue us, we will definitely sue her. We will lock her up for at least a year or two."

Upon hearing the police's words, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief and returned to normal. He thanked them profusely. "Thank you, police uncle, for upholding justice."

"Alright, let's leave it at that for today. It's getting late, and this incident is quite thrilling. Go back early and have a good rest. Don't think too much about it. This matter is over."

The middle-aged policeman smiled and shook his head. He called a subordinate over and instructed him to drive Qin Sheng home.

"Hello! I haven't thanked you yet. Thank you for saving me."

Other than the police station, Qin Sheng entered the police car and was shocked to find that the lady he had just saved was already sitting inside. When she saw him, she hurriedly thanked him.

"You're welcome, it's nothing much!"

One would never hit a smiling person. Even though Little Missy had given him a stern look just now, Qin Sheng was not someone who did not have an emotional intelligence. He was petty and vengeful to such an extent, so he replied politely.

"My name is Su Youran, from Shanghai!"

Little Missy smiled and blinked her eyes. She said playfully, "I'll treat you to a meal. Take it as a thank you for your 'effort'!"

"Forget it, it's not a big deal!"

Beautiful women were all demons. Qin Luo, who knew how to lie and eat people, understood the deep meaning of the lady's words and rejected it immediately.

What a joke!

The first time I met you, I got into this big trouble. I was almost stabbed by someone. If we meet again, God knows what will happen.

It's fine in the game, but no one knows who I am. If I want to flirt, so be it. What can you do about it?

But in reality…

A beauty like you is out of your league. Beauties are trouble. As a man, you may yearn for them, but if you don't have the ability, don't think too much about it. Otherwise, you will only be asking for trouble.

"Yes, it's indeed a little late today!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's cold demeanor, Su You Ran, who had always been held in high regard by others, was a little stunned. Fortunately, after so many years of dancing, she quickly reacted. Her smile remained as she took out her small pink phone and waved it in front of Qin Sheng. "Give me your contact number? I'll ask you out when I'm free in the future!"

"Why is this woman so troublesome?" Qin Luo's lips twitched as he was about to refuse.

"Don't reject me." Unexpectedly, Su Youran spoke first and looked at him pitifully like an abandoned puppy. "Little Brother, give me a chance."

Fine, fine, fine!

You won!

I surrender!

Qin Sheng, who could not resist the temptation, finally surrendered under the gentle assault of Little Missy and handed over the phone VX and address.

"Are you from Block X? I'm from Block X. What a coincidence. I live in the building opposite you. There's only one floor between us. You can see me even if you open the window."

Su Youran said in surprise, "We're all in the same district. Hehe, you can walk around more in the future. Can I call you when I change the light bulb and fix the computer?"

Qin Sheng:…

Sister, are you seducing me? Are you seducing me?

We're all from the same society, why are you pretending to be a noob?

Change the light bulb to fix the computer?

I'm afraid you have ulterior motives!

Hmph!

What a shameless woman. She actually lusted after my body. You're cheap.

However!

‘ On account of your sincerity, I’m not an insensitive, hard-hearted man.’

So—

Please increase your strength!

I am very young and have good stamina. I can visit you every day for seven days a week.

"Uh…"

An ambiguous atmosphere filled the car. Perhaps the young police officer driving could not stand the adulterous couple behind them. Who could stand the cold public display of affection?

He immediately turned on the alarm and stepped on the accelerator. The police car sped across the road like an arrow leaving a bow. Everywhere it passed, other cars would give way and rush through the red lights and alleys. Very quickly, they arrived at their destination. After chasing the person out of the car, they didn't stop for a second and immediately started moving, speeding away.

"Remember to contact me!"

They entered the district together and walked home together. Below the two opposite buildings, Qin Sheng and Su You Ran parted ways. Little Missy smiled and shook her phone, indicating to call her. Then, under Qin Sheng's gaze, she walked back to her building with light steps.

…

Upon returning home, Qin Sheng took a glance at Nannan's room, which was shut tightly. The corner of his mouth twitched as he shook his head helplessly.

After taking a quick shower and changing into a clean and fresh set of clothes, Qin Sheng returned to his room. His body was relaxed, his head was empty, and he collapsed on the bed in a "big" shape. He lay there limply, motionless, as if he had fallen asleep.

"What a strange day!"

Recalling what had happened today, Qin Sheng felt rather emotional.

First, in the game world, he swept through thousands of monsters in the mass grave, then fought Ghost Skeleton, Iron Zombie, and Soul Nether. Then, he witnessed the three super strong NPCs beating up the legendary level Enchantment Roach. Finally, for the sake of an NPC girl, he sacrificed himself to block the blade and died tragically.

When he returned to the real world, not only did he bring over the wounds in the game, but he also surprisingly discovered that the equipment in the virtual world had been materialized in the real world. The Dreadfiend Wheel had bound him as its master, which was extremely strange.

Unable to figure out the secret, he abandoned it for the time being. After a big meal, he forgot about all these and went out to relax. However, he encountered the "hero saving the beauty" scene that only appeared in television dramas and novels. He even dedicated his first time in his previous life to the police.

All of this happened within a day. It was simply legendary.

"Is it almost 0?"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng broke free from his memories and regained his clarity. He picked up his phone to check the time, only to discover that it was already 23: 55 pm. There were still five minutes before the new day, and he immediately felt energized.

"The game time will be refreshed soon. I won't be sleeping today. Let's have an all-nighter!"

Qin Sheng got up, drew the curtains, adjusted the temperature of the air conditioner, pulled the thin air conditioner over and placed it on his body. Then, he put on the game equipment. "I don't know what's going on now. I only hope that the Dreadfiend Wheel doesn't cause any trouble. It's just a punishment based on an ordinary death. It will drop a level. Don't drop the Phantom ribbon, Spiritual Light Cloak, or anything else. Otherwise, it will really be tragic."

As her thoughts ran wild, the time arrived at 00: 00!

"Enter the game!"

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Disregarding the system's voice, Qin Luo's consciousness returned. He suddenly opened his eyes. What greeted his eyes was not the bustling resurrection point of Star Glory City, but—