Chapter 177: F*Cking Mission 8655

Qin Luo was dazzled by the series of hiring NPCs and felt dizzy.

"Is it that expensive? I can't afford it!"

The lowest price for a female servant was 30 gold coins per month. Qin Sheng looked at his backpack. There were only 130 gold coins. This was the remaining 100 gold coins from the previous mission reward. In addition, he had wiped out thousands of monsters in the mass grave and killed three powerful Bosses to get some.

“Yi, what is this?”

Qin Sheng subconsciously scrolled down the list. He was so shy that he did not intend to hire anyone else. At most, he would hire a maid to clean up the place. As for the rest, he would talk about it when he had the money. However, he did not expect to see such a line of words as he scrolled down.

???: Employment gold: 1,000 gold coins per month. Ability: All-powerful. Capable of all jobs. (Note: According to my request, if you can fulfill it, you can change the employment gold to 100 gold coins per month. Signing office time: 10 years!)

"Whoa, this is getting interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin, his eyes shining. He could smell the scent of a hidden mission.

"System, I want to hire this?"

Even though he knew that no one currently owned a house, Qin Sheng was still a little afraid that he would be one step ahead, so he hurriedly gave the order.

"Understood!"

The system immediately responded, "May I ask if you choose 1000 gold coins per month to hire, or do you choose to complete the special requirements of the hired person?"

"Of course it's to fulfill Brother Question mark's request!"

Qin Luo replied without hesitation.

What kind of joke was this? Who could afford a thousand gold coins per month? Seven million a month? Where was the money? If I had that money, I would have gone to buy a house.

"Your choice has been made. Please proceed to the Mercenary Guild to accept the No. 8655 mission!—After the mission is completed, you will be considered to have completed the mission. You will sign a ten-year contract with the person who issued the mission, and 100 gold coins per month will be used to hire the person to manage your house!"

Mercenary Guild?

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned for a moment before suddenly recalling that there seemed to be such a thing in this update.

“Hey, I remember. I think there’s that thing in the backpack, right?”

Upon hearing that, Qin Sheng remembered something.

[Certification of the Mercenary Group]

Type: Item

Effect: Establish a mercenary group

Introduction: Proof of a warrior. Only by killing a powerful creature can one obtain the qualification certificate. With it, one can prove their strength. After handing it over to the Mercenary Guild, one can obtain the qualification to form a mercenary group freely and obtain the union's approval.

NICE!

This was it!

After this update, the items that were thrown into the monster drop rate with the Creation Gang Badge could be dropped by normal monsters, but the probability was too horrible to look at. Only when fighting a BOSS, there was a slight hope that it would drop.

Previously, after killing thousands of monsters in the mass grave, he did not even see a shadow of them. However, after killing the three Bosses, Ghost Skeleton, Iron Zombie, and Soul Nether, he gave one to each of them. After all, there was a 50% drop rate for Gold Bosses. In addition to the extremely high luck, this was the first time that this Three Unlucky BOSS had been killed. Therefore, there shouldn't be any problem for the drop rate to become 100%, right?

"Heh, doesn't this mean that my crappy shop will have its main product?"

Three mercenary corps establishing qualifications could definitely shock Star Glory City. Perhaps even players from the other eight main cities could not sit still and came to snatch it.

Even though a mercenary group was not as good as a gang and could not apply for a gang's territory and had their own territory, at least they could form a group and get the official recognition. After joining the group, there were still daily missions, attribute increases, and other benefits that everyone wanted.

Especially when the first group was created. It was a live advertisement. For those ambitious people who wanted to make a name for themselves, the strategic role was even more important than the actual role.

"Since we're going to do it, let's do it big!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the ten or so pieces of high-grade equipment dropped by the three Bosses. He was so excited that his entire body was trembling. He identified the equipment that he could not use and sold it together with the three mercenary corps to establish a qualification certificate. It was hard not to be famous in that small shop.

…

Mercenary Hall!

Qin Luo, who had put on his mask and ordinary equipment, entered slowly. He was rather excited to see the bustling place.

Following the instructions, he first went to the counter and spent 1 silver coin to register. He officially became a mercenary and obtained the right to accept and issue missions in the Mercenary Guild.

Without wasting any time, Qin Sheng took the mission card given to him by the system and went to the mission window. He said to the NPC in the reception room, "Hello, I want to accept mission 8655. This is my mission card."

"What? Did I hear wrongly? There's actually a fool who wants to take on that stupid mission?"

"Mission 8655? Is this guy crazy?"

"I wonder what the system is up to. How can such a high-risk and low-paying mission be passed?"

"Previously, many people thought that this was a hidden mission and accepted it happily. Then, they died two or three times. They didn't even reach their destination. They had no choice but to pay for the breach of contract with their own money. It was a huge loss."

“Brother, you’re still a newcomer, aren’t you? Listen to me, it’s not too late to give up now. This mission is simply a trap.”

"…"

Upon hearing that Qin Luo wanted to take on No. 8655, the people around him immediately exploded.

"Are you sure you want to accept No. 8655?"

The NPC girl was quite intelligent too. When she heard the words of the surrounding players, she did not immediately answer for Qin Luo Sheng. Instead, she asked him again.

"I'm sure!"

Qin Luo replied firmly.

Are you kidding me?

This was a hidden mission. Only an idiot would give up.

Putting aside the other rewards, just this one reward was enough for him to be satisfied with the ten-year employment period for all-rounders.

"Ding, you have accepted the bounty mission # 8655. Please check the mission panel and complete it as soon as possible!"

When they saw that Qin Sheng had really accepted the mission No. 8655, which was known as the sinkhole, the crowd was instantly in an uproar.

"Crazy! Crazy! This kid is crazy!"

"Sigh, if I don't listen to the old man, I'll be at a disadvantage."

"I'm waiting for someone who wants to cry but has no tears, whose face is filled with grief."

"Come, come, let's begin. Let's bet on how many times this kid will die and give up on this mission?"

"I originally wanted to recruit him, but from the looks of it, there must be something wrong with his brain. Forget it."

"…"

Qin Luo could not be affected by idle chatter, nor did he have the time or energy to argue with the bottom of the well. He got the No. 8655 mission plate and left the Mercenary Union.

He opened the mission panel—

[Mission Title: Plucking Sunflower

[Mission Introduction] Yang Hua, a spiritual flower unique to Precipice Mountain Range. It grows on the cliffs and faces the sun. It contains the power of extreme Yang and has extraordinary effects.

[Mission Details: Bring back a complete and undamaged sunflower.]

[Mission Time] Five days

[Mission Reward] Mercenary Points + 500??? 10 years of low-priced employment rights, 1 gold coin

[Punishment for Failure] Mercenary Points - 500, no bounty missions for 10 days.

Qin Sheng:…