Chapter 187: Hidden Mission: The Mercenary King'S Test

Beep beep…

After hiring Elder Liu, the problem of the sales was resolved immediately. With such an experienced appraiser around, there was no need to worry about collecting goods.

Then—

"Ding… Do you want to spend 100 gold to open the consignment cabinet?"

"Open!"

"Successfully opened! Please note that the consignment cabinet (small) can only sell 100 items at most. If you want to increase the number of consignment items, you can open a higher-level consignment cabinet!"

Qin Sheng:…

Get lost!

He wanted to cheat his money again.

Why the f*ck didn't you rob a consignment counter (Middle) for 500 gold?

"Setting: Sale items in the consignment cabinet are restricted: Skill Books, Scrolls, Blueprints, and so on. Equipment above Bronze Grade can only be sold. The transaction fee is 5% as commission for the consignment. Advertisements for consignment are allowed in the shop (50 silver coins per sale)."

"Setting: Each item can only be sold for up to two hours. Lend a consignment slot for 1 silver coin (the consignment item cannot be sold for no return money). Unsold consignment items cannot be sold for up to one hour. The amount of consignment will be decided by the consignment player. (You can choose to set a bid freely, you can choose to set a price!)"

After racking his brains, Qin Luo Sheng had set a limit on everything he could think of. He wanted to make up for the fact that some people who had ulterior motives were using loopholes to cause trouble.

It was impossible to sell a piece of trashy bronze set for 100 gold coins, so it occupied a limited number of vending cabinets. However, because each vending cabinet cost 1 silver coin (equivalent to 700RMB), and because the vending failed for an hour, it was impossible to use this method to cause trouble.

"Phew… I'm so tired!"

After resolving the acquisition and delivery systems in succession, Qin Sheng felt that he had used too much of his brain. This time, not only did his body relax, but his computer also became empty. He was completely "paralyzed".

However…

It was worth it to be tired.

At least, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was really going to take off this time.

Originally, with Hidden Dragon Pavilion's pricing, ordinary players could not afford it and could not become customers. Naturally, they could not bring profits to Qin Luo Sheng.

However—

The addition of the acquisition and delivery system had turned the situation around.

The equipment dropped in the Fated World was random. It was not that you were a job, but that you were given the equipment needed for your job.

On the contrary, the chances of players dropping their own equipment were lower than that of other jobs.

This was definitely a hidden design by the officials to facilitate players' communication and the prosperity of the market.

This way, the players would have no choice but to sell their equipment or exchange their equipment. This way, they would be able to collect taxes and earn a huge profit.

However…

Many of them weren't good with words and weren't suited for business. They didn't want to waste their time bargaining… What would they do if they couldn't use their equipment? They couldn't just lose it, right? If that was the case, they could only be forced to sell it for money or exchange it for the equipment they needed.

However, how to sell it and how to exchange it for items was another problem.

Originally, there was only one channel, and that was the official virtual trading platform. However, this dog basket platform's commission was too ruthless, requiring a whole 10%. No one wanted to be cheated like a fool.

In the past, he had no other choice. Because there was no second platform, he could only accept being slaughtered. Other than cursing silently, what else could he do?

However, it was different now. The appearance of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion gave the players another choice. Compared to the official virtual platform, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which only had a 5% commission, was cut in half at the waist. As long as there was nothing wrong with their brains, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion would definitely be the first choice.

Even if the players who chose to sell equipment and items in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion did not spend in the store, they indirectly increased the popularity of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which could attract more people and produce greater economic benefits.

Like this…

Qin Luo had earned it!

Moreover, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion had also been completely revitalized because of this. It was no longer relying on him alone to sell the ordinary goods in the system store by using the Starlight Miracle. Instead, it was connected to the market, collecting goods and selling goods, starting a virtuous cycle.

Great!

Beep beep…

As he thought about it, Qin Luo, who was so tired that his eyelids were twitching continuously, was about to fall asleep in a daze. At this moment, his communicator suddenly rang out, producing a sharp noise that completely dispelled his sleepiness.

F*ck!

Qin Sheng, who already had his morning temper, was furious. He picked up his communicator and was about to scold out loud. However, when he saw that the person contacting him was Yatu, he held it in. After all, he was a big financier and could not be offended.

"Are you done? Then let's set a place. -- There are too many people in my store now. You probably can't enter, and I can't go down either." Qin Sheng thought that Ya Tu was here to get the medicine, so he said to him, "How about we meet at the tea house on the west side of the city?"

"No, Brother Weeping Soul. Taking the medicine is just a convenience. I'm here to ask for your help.” Yatu's voice sounded from the other end of the communication device. His tone was very serious.

"Seek help?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. The first thing that came to his mind was that he had been called to the Luo River to be a hired thug back in the novice village. He had offended the Thunder Guild and the Thunder Frenzy Guild, resulting in a series of targeted incidents. If not for the mainframe's help, he would have almost failed miserably.

"It's hard to explain through the communicator." As if he did not hear the resistance in Qin Sheng's tone, Yatu continued, "Open the chat window and I'll share the mission with you."

Mission?

Only then did Qin Luo Sheng realize that his thoughts had gone astray. Without any hesitation, he placed the communication device aside and opened the chat window.

"Oh, a hidden mission?"

[Mission Title: The Mercenary King's Test

[Mission Introduction] Congratulations on becoming the first player to establish a mercenary group. Mercenaries used to be the most widely distributed existence on the continent. They were inclusive and reserved, accepting everything. They would even establish a mercenary group for training in hidden sects. Once, there was a legendary mercenary group that was recognized by the mercenaries as the King of Mercenaries. They completed one treacherous and difficult mission after another, leaving behind countless legends.

[Mission Details] Pass the test left behind by the former King of Mercenaries

[Mission Time] Three days

[Mission Reward] mercenary group level + 1, mercenary group recruitment number + 10, Reputation + 2000???

[Punishment for Failure] Mercenary Group level -1. Retrieve the reward for establishing a mercenary group.

Qin Sheng:…

What the heck?

Did mercenaries have kings?

This was too fake!

One had to know that the threshold of being a mercenary was very low, and it was very inclusive. As long as one had the strength, anyone could be one.

Such a profession was like a bounty hunter. There were all kinds of weird people, and they wouldn't be surprised if they encountered any weirdos. However, the so-called Mercenary King was actually able to subdue these people and become the recognized Mercenary King. It was simply unbelievable.