Chapter 185: Crazy Revenue (3)

"Goodbye!"

Although he was craving for it, Qin Luo would not kill the goose that laid its eggs. He hardened his heart and ended the call with Mu Mu.

Now that the players' levels had not increased, the two Epic weapons that could only be taken by level 20, as well as the space for appreciation and hype, would only be sold at this time.

Once those rich big shots reached level 20, perhaps, after a long period of hype, the final price would exceed 500W.

Take a step back!

Even if it couldn't be sold at this price, the popularity and value that it brought to the shop during this period of time couldn't be bought with money.

"If I don't sell Epic equipment, can you sell me a batch of potions and normal equipment?" Yatu spoke again.

"I don't have any equipment, so I don't have the time to forge." Qin Sheng paid attention and lied. "I can use potions. How much do you want?"

"10,000 bottles!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Big boss, are you bald? You mean 1,000 bottles?

"10,000 bottles of Intermediate Health Potions, 10,000 bottles of Intermediate Health Potions, 1,000 bottles of Beginner Health Potions, 500 bottles of Beginner Health Potions!"

Before Qin Sheng could reply, another voice came from Yatu's side, completely stunning him.

"D * mn, boss, are you trying to turn the world upside down?"

Qin Luo's scalp tingled.

“Is there that much?” Yatu asked. “If there is, I can always come to the trade.”

"Yes, there is, but do you have that many gold coins?" Qin Sheng suppressed his violently beating heart and said, "I don't buy on credit here. After all, it takes a lot of money to buy materials. Without gold coins, there will be a shortage of funds and the cycle will not work."

"…" After a moment of silence, Yatu asked tentatively, "I'm afraid we don't have enough gold coins for now. Can we pay a portion of the RMB?"

"Pay with all gold coins. Nine percent off," Qin Luo said. "Half gold coins and half RMB. No discount. Do as you see fit!"

"Half gold and half RMB!" Yatu replied instantly.

"Alright, we'll trade in half an hour!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless. How could he degrade the RMB so much? That was money! Money! Boss, if you spent some time to gather it, you should be able to gather the gold coins, right? With such a big business, a 10% discount could save a lot of money.

"By the way, you can apply to establish a mercenary group now. Although the two qualifications in my shop haven't been auctioned yet, I've set a price of 500 gold coins. It's hard to guarantee that no one will buy it directly. When the time comes, someone else will register the first mercenary group first, so don't blame me."

Qin Qin Sheng woke up and immediately heard some noise from the other side. "I'll go now."

"Extract the turnover!"

After hanging up the call, Qin Sheng used the owner's authority to extract the turnover.

Ding… you have received 385 gold and 65 silver! '

Shit?

So many?

Qin Luo Sheng's mouth went dry.

It had only been a few minutes, but so many goods had already been sold?

He opened the sales list—

‘ I see.’

The bulk of the money was spent on two pieces of high-grade Silver equipment. The profit was 50 gold. The two pieces of Gold equipment were also bought at the same price, earning 200 gold.

As for the other items, they were all over the place. The potions sold the most, with less than 30% left. In terms of equipment, the shield and the Priest's Scepter sold the most, followed by the single-handed sword. The rest were about the same.

"I have the money to carry the goods. I must buy them to my heart's content this time!"

Qin Luo Sheng activated the store owner's authority and instantly teleported to Star Glory City's resurrection point.

He walked out of the resurrection point, turned around, and ran towards West Street without hesitation. Hidden Dragon Pavilion was there, and the pharmacy and several other system shops were nearby as well. If not for the fact that there were too many outsiders in the shop, he might have been discovered. Going down the stairs would have been faster than teleporting.

Qin Sheng rushed to the pharmacy and under the storekeeper's stunned gaze, he exchanged all the money on him for medicine.

"System, hire three more employees!"

Qin Luo teleported back to the second floor of the store once again. He was greatly shocked when he saw the scene below that was even more explosive than before. Without saying a word, he took out the 30 plus gold coins that he had just earned and invested them all into "summoning" three female NPC employees.

"You guys shall be called Die Wu, Die Meng, Die Qin!" After randomly thinking of a few names, Qin Sheng instructed, "Quickly go down and help Qingwu. The rules have already been told to you guys. You guys are only responsible for receiving and maintaining order. Don't worry about anything else."

"Yes, Master!"

With the addition of Diemeng and the other two, the pressure on Qingwu had greatly decreased. Qin Sheng had also utilized the authority of the shop owner to set Qingwu up as a manager, and the salary had increased to 15 Gold / Moon.

"Ding! Players from the Huaxia area, please take note. Players from the Huaxia area, please take note. Player Yatu has shown the Mercenary Guild the [Mercenary Group Establishing Certificate]. He has obtained the approval of the Mercenary Guild and established the [Yatu Mercenary Group]. As he is the first player to establish a mercenary group in the area, he has received 2,000 Reputation Points, + 1 Luck, + 2 Charm! This is the announcement!"

Ding…

Ding…

Qin Luo Sheng: "Wow, so fast? Seems like that Yatu guy was quite frightened. -- But what's with this reward? It's so generous, and there's even hidden attributes such as Luck and Charm. F*ck!"

"Ding! Players from the Huaxia area, please take note. Players from the Huaxia area, please take note. [Jatu Mercenary Group] is the first player mercenary group. The level of the mercenary group has been raised unconditionally by one level, and it has received a buff: When every player from [Jatu Mercenary Group] is doing a mercenary mission, all attributes will be increased by 5%, and experience will be increased by 5%! This is an announcement!"

Ding…

Ding…

Qin Sheng:…

Why was it so noisy today?

"If I had known that such a good thing would happen, I would have f*cking done it myself."

Qin Luo was filled with regret.

Reputation, luck, all attributes increase, and experience increase, which one of them was not what players dreamed of? Even if he was sobbing, he was no exception!

And now, they all belonged to Yatu, to that so-called 'Yatu Mercenary Group'. What a dog!

"Ding! Your shop, Hidden Dragon Pavilion, and your precious [Mercenary Union Established Certificate] have been bought at a price of XXX by players!"

"Ding! Your shop, Hidden Dragon Pavilion, and your precious [Mercenary Union Established Certificate] have been bought at a price of XXX by players!"

Qin Sheng, who was a little depressed, felt a little better when he heard two consecutive notifications.

Damn it!

You've earned your reputation and benefits!

Money, gold coins, those are mine!

500 + 500!

1,000 gold coins had been obtained in the blink of an eye!

This was faster than robbery!

If he had known that this would happen, he would have asked Yatu to set up a mercenary group earlier. He would have advertised to stimulate these rich but unwilling big shots. Look, you're slowly bidding, but in the end, didn't you just bid? Why waste this time? How unreasonable.

Ding… successful sale!

Ding… successful sale!

Ding… successful sale!

Qin Sheng carried all the potions that he had left for Yatu and raised the 1000 gold coins. He then logged back in.

This time, he was going to do something big—