Chapter 183: Crazy Revenue (1)

"What's going on?"

Qin Sheng, who had not planned well and was impulsive, walked towards the store dejectedly. After taking a few steps, he saw that the originally cold and cheerless store was now crowded with people, almost causing a traffic jam.

"Brother, why are you all gathered here?"

After checking that there was nothing that could be exposed, Qin Sheng quietly went over and asked a young man who was watching.

"You don't know?"

The young man who was called had a strange expression on his face. He explained, "Didn't someone shout out the address in the city channel just now? Look, it's here. In a while, they'll be selling the [Mercenary Corps Establishing Certificate]. Good fellow, even this thing dropped out. How lucky."

Qin Sheng:…

So that was what happened. If you didn't mention it, I would have forgotten.

"Do you see that? There are a lot of people who can call out the names of the people who are crowded here. Even those big forces are here. Needless to say, there will definitely be a bloodbath later. I don't know which lucky person is it, but they will definitely make a killing."

The young man was envious.

"So many people are here to buy the certificate?" Qin Luo Sheng asked in surprise. "Isn't that too much?"

"More or less. Do you think there are very few rich people in China?" The young man said, "We might not be able to compete with those real big shots, but it's fine to come and watch the show and broaden our horizons. Besides, that mysterious guy doesn't just sell the certificate. He also said that he has a batch of medicine."

"After the game was updated this time, the higher the drop rate of the monsters' coins, the Mercenary System was also opened. Now, the Mercenary Guild is filled with people, and there are countless missions. Among them, there are many difficult missions with rich rewards. Normal people would not dare to accept them even if they were envious."

"Why not? We can't beat them! Even the powerful unspecialized, or even the well-equipped elites of the big guilds have to think twice. If there really is a better potion, then the success rate of the quest will increase. How can it not be attractive?"

Qin Luo understood.

It seemed like the last 3 gold coins spent to shout at the city was pretty good. The advertisement was actually able to attract so many people. He was going to be rich this time.

"Activate owner authority, teleport!"

Glancing at the tightly packed entrance of the store, Qin Sheng did not say anything else and directly used his authority to teleport to the store.

This authority could only be obtained by the owner of the shop and the owner of the shop. Initially, he thought that it was useless. He never expected it to be so practical.

"System, hire a basic staff!"

Qin Luo opened the employment list and chose a basic ten gold / moon employee.

"Hello, Master!"

The last 10 gold coins were taken away. A delicate NPC girl suddenly appeared in front of him and bowed respectfully.

"Hello, welcome to my shop!"

Qin Luo nodded his head as he watched the girl's favorability skyrocket due to her charm. With a gentle smile, he said to her, "Your job is very simple. It's just to look after the store. You don't care about anything else. All the products have a price tag, and they're all at their original price. There's no discount or bargaining, understand?"

"Okay, Master," the girl quickly replied.

"Also, you are not allowed to approach the items on display. You can only observe them from afar. You don't have to worry about the auction items. Just let them raise the price themselves."

Qin Luo Sheng thought for a moment before instructing, "If anyone quarrels, invite them out. If they fight, the patrolling guards outside will naturally take care of it. You don't have to worry."

"Yes, yes." The girl nodded repeatedly.

"Work hard. Work harder now. If I hire someone in the future, you will be the manager, or even the manager. A promotion and a raise is right in front of you."

Qin Luo encouraged.

Even though it was his first time being a boss, he had watched quite a few television dramas and novels in the past, so he could imitate them quite well. Regardless of whether it was awkward or not, he would drink the chicken soup first. As for whether it was useful or not, that was up to him.

"Thank you, Master!" The girl thanked him and immediately went back to work. She suggested, "Master, your shop hasn't been named yet."

"Hmm, let's name the store 'Hidden Dragon Pavilion'. Crouching tigers and hidden dragons, after all, it sells high-end goods. We can't let it drop too much." Qin Luo Sheng thought for a while and confirmed the name of the store. He glanced at the NPC girl who had a blank space above her head and said, "As for you, hmm, how about calling you Qingwu?"

"Qianwu thanks the Lord for bestowing a name!"

…

"Hey, hey, look, there are words on the blank board."

“Hidden… Dragon… Pavilion. Yo, what big words.”

"The shop has been named. This proves that the mysterious shop owner is in the shop. F*ck, why aren't you opening the door? My legs are aching."

"Yes, hurry up and open the door. MLGBD, hurry up and leave. I still have to level up."

"…"

Outside, there was a commotion.

However, the soundproof door was so good that Qin Sheng could not hear the slightest noise outside.

"Intermediate Health Potion. Price: 5 silver coins. Confirm?"

"Confirm!"

"Primary Health Potion. Price: 50 silver coins. Confirm?"

"Confirm!"

"Willow Wood Shield. Price: 1 gold coin. Confirm?"

"Confirm!"

"…"

The empty shelves were quickly filled up by Qin Luo. Potions enhanced by Starlight were five times more than the normal potions in the pharmacy. Meanwhile, the level 10 whiteboard equipment bought from the Blacksmith Shop was upgraded to 10 times that of black iron and sold for 1 gold. Those that were lucky enough to upgrade to bronze were increased by five times and sold for 5 gold.

That's right, it was that dark.

It was the seller's market now, and the supply could not meet the demand.

Initially, they might not have been able to buy this price. However, the opening of the Mercenary System and the appearance of a bounty mission had caused the demand of the players to increase exponentially. After all, if one wanted to do a good job, one had to be proficient in the tools first. Who would be willing to team up with you to do missions and split the bounty equally?

After settling the common goods, the next step was the highlight.

"System, set the [Mercenary Corpation Certificate] for the bidding item. Bottom price: 250 gold coins. Every increase must be at least 1 gold coin!"

"Setting completed!"

"System, set 'Nether Scepter' and 'Death Fang' as display items. They are not for sale!"

"Setting completed!"

Qin Luo had settled the trivial matters. He looked at the time and realized that there was still about 10 minutes left before the three hours were up. He decided to rest and wait.

Following which, he took out the equipment that he had appraised earlier. There were six pieces of gold and two pieces of high-grade silver. Those that he had no use for, he placed them all on the shelves and set a price that would blow up.

Gold equipment, especially, was twice the market price. The cheapest Priest's Legguards cost 30 Gold, equivalent to RMB 21W +!

How evil!