Chapter 182: Spending Money Like Water

"Discount? Thank you so much!"

Initially, he had wanted to rely on his charm to bluff his way out, but unexpectedly, Uncle Blacksmith came to him on his own accord and took the initiative to speak. That was great, it saved him a lot of effort. "I want 100 pieces of level 10 equipment. I wonder what kind of discount Uncle can give me?"

"A hundred? All kinds?"

Uncle Blacksmith’s eyes widened, wondering if he had heard wrongly.

"That's right, a hundred!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded with a smile.

“Shield Warrior’s Shield, Berserker’s Single-handed Sword and Single-handed Blade, Archer’s Longbow, Thief’s Dagger, Priest’s Scepter, Magician’s Staff, Summoner’s Staff. There are eight types of equipment. You want a hundred of each, right?”

The blacksmith uncle was naturally happy with such a big business. However, he was also afraid that Qin Sheng would make fun of him, so he confirmed it seriously.

"Of course!"

Qin Luo nodded, then asked, "There are a total of eight, a total of eight hundred. How many discounts can Uncle Blacksmith give me?"

"How much discount?"

Uncle Blacksmith felt a headache coming on. He had been flattered a moment ago, and in his moment of joy, he had made a promise.

Initially, he thought that the young man in front of him, who had Gold Class armor, would not be lacking in weapons. Even if he wanted to buy, how many could he buy? Giving him a discount was nothing much.

Unexpectedly, it was such a huge order. With the discount, the amount of money in his pocket would be much less.

"You seem to get along well with me. I'll take it as cleaning up the inventory and give you a 20% discount!"

Uncle Blacksmith gritted his teeth and said, "This is the lowest discount. Think about it."

"Uncle, what else can I say? The transaction is successful!"

Qin Luo agreed without hesitation.

Initially, he didn't expect to get a discount. Now that he got a 20% discount with just a few words, he had to hurry up and accept it. If he went back on his word later, he wouldn't even be able to cry.

Perhaps if he persisted a little longer, he might be able to chop some of them down. However, it was also possible that he might anger them and make them not sell anymore.

So—

As a person, one should not be overly greedy. Otherwise, it would be easy for one to lose everything. Not only would the gains not make up for the losses, one would also offend others.

"Alright, wait a moment. I'll get my disciple to tidy up the warehouse."

Uncle Blacksmith was a swift and decisive man. Without a word, he pulled over a disciple who was burning a fire. After giving some instructions, he kicked him to the warehouse in the back hall.

Three minutes later, the transaction was successful.

There were 10 silver coins and a weapon. There was no discrimination between the types, and there were 800 weapons in total. The total cost was 80 gold coins. Due to the 20% discount, Qin Luo Sheng gave him 64 gold coins.

"It's still quite cheap!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Illusionary Spirit ribbon that had been squeezed into more than half of the space and could not help but sigh. He had completely forgotten about his poor appearance just now and had drifted away with some money.

"Please expand my backpack."

After receiving the weapon, Qin Luo did not go to the tailor's shop to store the goods. Instead, he went to the warehouse store not far from the provision store.

The warehouse store, as the name suggested, was the storage area. At the same time, it was also part of the backpack expansion business.

Ding… Due to your charm value Max…

Qin Luo ignored the system notification. However, he was rather pleased to see the cold and unapproachable NPC suddenly smiling.

His charm was maxed out. He was indeed a killer.

"Hello, Weeping Soul Warrior. If you want to expand your backpack, there are a few options here. You can choose one." The warehouse officer waved his hand and pulled out a list.

Qin Luo looked over.

< System Notification: You have received 20 slots for the backpack. You need gold coins: 1! >

< System Notification: Your backpack has expanded by 50 squares. You need gold coins: 10! >

< System Notification: My backpack has expanded by 100 slots. Requires: 30 gold coins! >

< System Notification: Your backpack has expanded by 500 slots. You need 100 gold coins! >

"Hiss…"

Qin Luo gasped.

WD

Damn, so expensive?

One gold coin could sell for nearly 7,000 RMB, but it could only expand 20 backpacks?

However—

"Give me 500 slots!"

"Thank you for looking back!"

The warehouse officer's eyes lit up when he saw the guests. With a wave of his hand, Qin Luo's 50 backpacks became 550, and it increased by 10 times.

"Welcome to our store next time. We also have a storeroom service to help you store your valuables. As long as you pay less to look after them, they will not be lost."

Qin Luo, who was walking out of the store, pouted and left without looking back.

In fact, he did have a lot of things that needed safekeeping. Most of them were materials. If he kept these things in his backpack, it would be a waste to occupy the backpack space.

However…

If it was yesterday, the warehouse manager would have had a big business. But now, he had a 500 square meter mansion. Why did he need to give you money to keep such a small thing? Wouldn't it be nice to keep it at home?

"Spending money like water!"

In the blink of an eye, he had lost another 100 gold coins. This was much more expensive than buying 800 weapons just now. Even though the gold coins came easily, Qin Sheng could not help but feel his heart ache.

“Well, I’m sure there’ll be more stock in the future than today’s. Expansion backpacks are also permanent. They can be maximized at one time, and they’re the most cost-effective. This bit of money will be earned back soon.”

As he consoled himself, Qin Luo ran to a remote stable.

He had wasted too much time on the road to the mass grave. For a busy man like him who had to level up, complete quests, set up shop, and prepare to make use of weapon refinement techniques to cause trouble, it was simply a crime.

Next, they had to prepare to go to the steep cliff that was fifty kilometers away from Star Glory City. If they did not have any transportation tools, not only would it be a waste of time, but their physical strength would also be exhausted. Therefore—

"Welcome!"

As soon as he stepped into the stable, a horseman immediately welcomed him with a smile.

Qin Sheng smiled and asked, "I'm planning to buy a horse to replace me. What kind?"

A list immediately appeared—

Inferior Horse: Price: 5 Gold, Movement Speed: 300, Endurance: Poor!

Good Horse: 10 Gold, Movement Speed: 350, Endurance: Better!

Jujube Red Horses: 20 Gold, Movement Speed: 400, Endurance: Good!

Hybrid Name Horse: 50 Gold, Movement Speed: 500, Endurance: Excellent!

Ferghana BMW: 100 Gold, Movement Speed: 700, Endurance: Excellent!

Qin Sheng:…

"???? What's going on? This is daylight robbery, right?! Even the cheapest inferior horse costs 5 gold coins, which is equivalent to about 35,000 gold coins. The best Ferghana horse is actually priced at 100 gold coins, which is converted to RMB, hmm, 70W +! F*ck, are you crazy poor?!"

Three minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng led a Ferghana horse out of the stable with a look of joy on his face. Not only that, he also had a matching saddle, horseshoe iron, rope and a large pile of high quality grass in his backpack.

"I'm out of money!"

Qin Sheng retrieved the Ferghana horse from the horse ranch owner's mount space that had cost him 10 gold coins to open. He looked at the remaining 12 gold coins and his mouth twitched.

If he did not remember wrongly, he had a total of 300 gold coins on him when he went out. Why was there only so little left after walking around? He did not buy anything!

"Forget it, let's go back!"

Initially, he had wanted to buy some goods from the seamstress, but from the looks of it, there was no chance.

Auntie, it's not that I don't want to take care of your business, but I'm really helpless.