Chapter 186: Crazy Revenue (4)

30,000 bottles of Intermediate Health Potions, 30,000 bottles of Intermediate Magic Potions, 1,000 bottles of Beginner-level Health Potions, 1,000 bottles of Beginner-level Magic Potions. Cost: 800 gold coins!

He then went to the Blacksmith Shop and bought 200 shields, 200 single-handed swords and 200 Priest's Scepter. The cost was—60 gold!

He then went to the tailor's shop to buy 500 sets of armor, 500 sets of cloth armor, 500 sets of cloth armor. The cost—150 gold coins!

Not only did he give away the 1000 gold coins that he had just obtained, he also gave away the remaining 10 gold coins. Now, not to mention gold coins, he didn’t even have a single silver coin on him. Only 20 copper coins were left.

"It's finally over!"

Qin Sheng, who had finished loading the goods once again, wiped the cold sweat on his forehead. After leaving behind the goods that Yatu had ordered, the rest were all up for sale. "With such a large quantity this time, we should be able to sell them for a period of time, right? The market will eventually be full. Even consumables like potions will only be replenished after time is spent!—We can finally rest. I'm so tired."

Qin Sheng was lying on the floor, panting heavily and looking very tired.

Running away and buying goods did not consume much stamina, but continuously using the Starlight Miracle, even if the potions and equipment were stacked together and could be used in many groups at once, it still made him extremely tired.

The potion business was five times the profit!

Equipment business, ten times profit, bottom.

Because of the uncertainty of the Starlight Miracle sublimation, if he was lucky enough to skip a grade and upgrade his whiteboard to bronze, he would make a killing.

Well…

In a short period of time, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's revenue had already reached nearly two thousand gold coins. If converted to RMB, that would be—140W +!

How crazy.

Most of the items were the three [Mercenary Corpation Certificate], as well as the high-grade equipment contributed by the three Bosses, Ghost Skeleton, Iron Zombie, and Soul Nether. It was a one-time sale.

However, potions were more popular and sold crazily. Furthermore, they were things that could be supplied endlessly. The most stable and profitable business would be a steady stream.

One had to know that this was basically a non-consumption transaction. One could just casually enter and transport goods from the system shop without any technical requirements.

This method was much better than those bitter blacksmiths who forged their own equipment and the miserable alchemists who concocted their own potions. Not only was it tiring, but they also had to take the risk of failure and be mentally prepared to suffer heavy losses.

This was the so-called hanging wall!

Hei!

Of course, nothing was absolute in this world.

Perhaps there were already people who could forge better equipment and create more effective potions. However, without mass production, no one could shake Hidden Dragon Pavilion's position.

Take a step back—

Even if it could be mass produced, the price would definitely not be limited to the price sold in Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

It couldn't be helped. The sub-professional gamers who were spending money were also doing sponsored partnerships.

The initial investment was huge, and the materials were so expensive. If the price of the product was low, wouldn't it be a waste of effort? They might even lose money. Only an idiot would do such a thing.

"Hmm, let me think about it. What should I do next?"

Qin Luo Sheng lay on the ground, unwilling to move. Although he had expended a lot of energy and did not want to do anything else today, his brain was still working.

"Right now, the priority should be the bounty mission with a time limit of five days. We definitely have to make a trip to Precipice Mountain Range. Although the Hidden Dragon Pavilion is attracting a lot of money today and doesn't need to consider the maintenance fees of the mansion like before, it's still hard to find talents."

Qin Luo pondered, "Since the system dares to offer a salary of 1,000 gold coins per month, the mysterious mission issuer is naturally worth this price. A ten-year contract, considering the inflation and currency depreciation in the future, has saved us 100 million (comical)."

He opened the map and saw the location of the steep cliff.

“What a headache.”

Although there was very little information about the Great Cliff Ridge on the public map, especially the interior and the depths of the Great Cliff Ridge, there was basically nothing. However, just looking at the common Level 25 Monster Territory on the periphery made Qin Sheng's scalp tingle.

His previous experiences had told him how cruel the level suppression in the World of Destiny was. If the difference was within five levels, that would be fine, but once it exceeded that number, especially if it exceeded ten levels, it would definitely be an insurmountable gap.

Fortunately, although he was only level 16, the quest time was limited to five days. There was still plenty of time for him to level up. As long as he could level up to level 20, he would have some confidence.

Besides…

The mission objective was to collect the sunflower, not to fight to the death with the monsters in Cliff Ridge. With the abilities of the shadow warriors, as long as they did not enter the monsters' lair and get attacked, nothing would happen.

"I'll put the quest aside for the time being. I'll wait a few days to see how my leveling up works before making a decision."

Qin Luo Sheng opened the virtual interface and looked at the backstage of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion which was spamming rapidly. His income was increasing rapidly. Rubbing his chin, he considered and said, "Now, the reputation of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion has been spread. Basically, it's on the right track. We only need to hire NPC employees to look after the store and replenish our goods from time to time. That way, we can operate perfectly. We don't have to put our energy here."

"Of course, I can't keep to myself like this. If I want to operate better, earn more profits, and gain more popularity, I have to maintain a closer relationship with the players. Then, I have to bring up the sales and acquisition services."

As he thought about this, Qin Sheng opened the system's hiring list again.

Appraiser: 100 Gold per month salary!

Qin Sheng:…

"Yes, it's just 100 gold coins. It's just a small sum."

If it had been an hour ago, Qin Sheng would definitely be cursing. But now, it was just a small case.

Ding… Do you wish to hire an appraiser? 100 Gold / Moon?

"Hire!"

A familiar face appeared once again. A white-haired old man suddenly appeared in front of him.

"Old Liu greets the master!"

Woah, did he finally bring his own name this time?

"No need for formalities. My Hidden Dragon Pavilion will have to rely on Elder Liu in the future."

Talents were hard to come by, and NPCs were intelligent. Even if they were charismatic and Max, even if they were the owner of Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Qin Sheng would not be careless and replied politely.

"Don't worry, Master. It's my duty. I won't let you down."

Old Liu smiled.

"Since that's the case, I'll hand it over to Elder Liu."

Qin Luo said, "In terms of treasure identification, Old Liu is an expert. As a layman, I won't point fingers at you. However, I'll set up a scope here. Our Hidden Dragon Pavilion will not accept whiteboard equipment. The standard is black iron equipment. The price is 10% lower than the market price."

“What about the goods we collected?” Old Liu asked, “What price should we sell them for?”

"I'll temporarily put it in the warehouse on the second floor. I'll take care of it before selling it again," Qin Luo said. "Also, rare scrolls, recipes, blueprints, and various other materials, including high-grade ingredients, will cost a high price. Yes, the highest price can't exceed 20% of the market price. There's no need to exceed that price."

"Understood!"

"Alright!" Nodding his head, Qin Sheng set the authority so that Old Liu could mobilize the funds in the store when he collected the goods. He then said to him, "I'll have to trouble Old Liu in the future. If you do well, there will be dividends at the end of the month."

"Thank you, Master. This old man will go down and start working."

"Yes!"

…