Chapter 181: Netherworld Scepter, Death Fang

[Netherworld Scepter]

Category: Staff

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 20, Mage Class

Durability: 30 / 30

Effect: Magic Attack + 450, Constitution + 20, Spirit + 30

Special Effect: [Netherworld] Passive effect. Every time you kill a monster, there is a certain chance that you can enslave it and turn it into a summoned undead creature to fight for you. It can last for at most 90 seconds.

Additional Skill: [Death Ray] consumes 1,000 Mana Points to launch a penetrating ray attack condensed from the power of death. The first enemy to be attacked will deal 500% damage, then gradually weaken. The longest distance of the ray is 10 meters! Cooldown: 3 hours!

Introduction: The Netherworld has been synonymous with death since ancient times. The Netherworld Scepter uses the Essence of Death as its source of power. It absorbs the endless power of death and gradually forms it. It can connect to the Netherworld and summon dead things. The Essence of Death is able to erupt with super strength in an instant according to its owner's will and kill strong enemies.

"Gosh, what kind of godly staff is this?"

Qin Luo Sheng almost drooled.

Magic Attack + 450 points. This was much stronger than his [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Furthermore, it added a total of 50 basic attributes. It was simply explosive.

What made Qin Sheng the most envious was the special effect [Netherworld]. There was a chance to enslave the enemy after killing them. If this was paired with his luck, wouldn't he be soaring to the heavens?

This was especially true for the mass grave. It was a paradise for death-type monsters to begin with, and the Netherworld Scepter had an innate advantage over them. Wouldn't that make them extremely comfortable to enslave?

At that time, you wouldn't even need to do it yourself. There would be enslaved death-type creatures that would sell their lives for you, and you could easily obtain the EXP. Such a leveling method was simply enjoyable.

"It's a pity that you're a Mage's staff!"

Qin Luo could not help but wail.

For such a divine weapon to be unable to be used by him was truly heartbreaking.

"Forget it, forget it. Out of sight, out of mind!"

Qin Sheng threw the [Nether Scepter] into his backpack and ate the ashes together with the [Death Bone]. He flipped his hand and took out the last piece of Epic equipment—Death Fang!

[Death Fang]

Type: Dagger

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 20, Thief Class

Effect: Attack + 400, Strength + 50

Special Effect: [Fang] Passive effect. Each attack has a penetrating effect. It can ignore 1% to 10% of the enemy's armor and absorb 1% to 10% of the enemy's damage to recover its own HP.

Additional Skill: [Death Slash] consumes 500 Mana Points to activate on a single target, causing 200% damage. If attacked from the back, the damage is 300%. If attacked from the back and hit a weak spot, the damage is 500%. Additional 10% kill effect (Kill is instant kill). Cooldown: 3 hours!

Introduction: Death's Fang. It's said that a Smithing Grandmaster accidentally obtained a thousand-year-old zombie's fang and used it to forge this dagger filled with ominous things. After the dagger was completed, resentment filled the air. The blacksmith's family was cursed and died soon after. The Death's Fang was lost and its whereabouts are unknown.

"Another super powerful weapon. As expected, Epic is different. It's completely different from Gold!"

Qin Luo sighed.

How to evaluate the quality of an equipment?

The low-grade equipment depended on the effects and additional attributes. As for the high-grade equipment, it depended on the special effects and additional skills.

There was nothing much to say about the effects of [Death Fang]. It was only an Epic standard. Its true strength lay in its special effects [Fang] and its accompanying skill [Death Slash].

It should be said that Death Fang was indeed a dagger used by Bandits.

The tip of the blade danced, and shadows lurked like ghosts in the night, like deadly vipers.

Thief was such a characteristic.

It would either succeed or die. There would never be a third outcome.

The [Fang] had both penetrating and blood-sucking effects. It was very compatible with the Thief. This was the first time Qin Sheng had seen such special effects. One special effect, two effects. It was quite impressive.

[Death Slash] was a perfect example of the characteristics of a Thief's job. A frontal attack like a Warrior would only deal a minimum of 200% damage. By imitating the abilities of a Thief and launching a sneak attack from the back, the damage increase would increase to 300%. If the Thief used the abilities of a Thief, he would also accurately attack the weak point and complete the "fatal blow", the damage would immediately increase to 500%.

To be able to change the intensity of the attack by following the different front and back of the attack, this skill was truly terrifying.

Of course, Qin Sheng was most concerned about the additional 10% kill effect!

In the name of [Death Fang], it was the most perverse instant kill in the world of destiny.

What was Instant Kill?

As the name implied, Instant Kill meant instant kill.

In other words—

As long as the Instant Kill was triggered, no matter how high the level of the enemy, how high the level, how much health points, how much defense… All the conditions did not exist. All the defense did not matter, and they died immediately.

Qin Luo Sheng had experienced this before.

It seemed that when he was level 3, he received a hidden mission and went to save Wang Xiaomin. He went deep into the wolf den and encountered the level 5 Bronze Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King.

At that time, he was just a noob who was fighting with his hot blood and clear mind. However, a BOSS was still a BOSS. Without skills and potions, he was no match for the BOSS.

However, in this desperate situation, he was lucky enough to activate Instakill and kill the Demonized Wild Wolf King in one strike. He managed to avoid being killed in the NV and was lucky enough to survive.

It was also because he had defeated the Boss, collected Wang Xiaomin's corpse, and completed the hidden mission. From then on, he had befriended the village chief, Old Wang, and that was why there was a series of triggering missions.

It was that critical instant kill that changed his fate.

From this, it could be seen just how BUG this instant kill ability was.

It didn't matter if he leveled up normally. It didn't matter if he triggered it or not. However, at the critical moment, if he triggered it once, it would really be the blessing of the Goddess of Luck. It was enough to change the outcome of a battle, turn the tables against the wind, and let the Wyvern ride his face.

"Oh, have we arrived?"

As he walked and checked his spoils of war, Qin Luo subconsciously discovered that he had already reached his destination.

"Uncle Blacksmith, I'm here!"

Qin Luo stepped into the blacksmith store once again. He looked at the brawny middle-aged man with bronze-colored muscles and smiled as he greeted him.

"So it's the Weeping Soul Warrior, welcome."

Due to the activation of the visible mode, the NPCs followed the crowd and called out the player's ID. It seemed like the charm value was being used. The sincere relationship made the unsmiling Uncle Blacksmith smile and reply amiably, "How's the repaired armor? Is there anything wrong?"

"Of course. Uncle's craftsmanship is quite good. There won't be any problems. I'm very assured."

Qin Qin Sheng gave him a thumbs up and secretly flattered him.

"Hahaha… That's true. No one in the entire Star Glory City can find fault with my craftsmanship."

After some flattery, the honest and simple blacksmith uncle was very happy. "Little brother, I'm honored to have you here again. How can I help you? I'll give you a discount."

"He was called a Weeping Soul Warrior just now, and now he's a little brother? This is really real!"

Qin Luo Sheng was secretly amused. "Indeed, flattery can never penetrate anything. It seems that as long as one knows how to speak, no matter which world one is in, one must be able to enjoy some benefits."