Chapter 189: Everyone Likes The Dog

"…Brother Weeping Soul, do you have anything to add?"

They were old acquaintances and gaming veterans. After working together for so long, Yatu did not need to say much at all. However, now that there was Qin Sheng, he still had to show some respect, so he asked him.

"No!" Nine Paths swept his gaze over. Even Qin Sheng, who was being stared at like this, did not feel too pleased. Fortunately, he was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression. He shook his head and said, "You don't have to consider me. Just play as you should. Just follow your own pace. I'm not used to cooperating with others."

A sense of oppression surged towards him.

Everyone in the pavilion looked at each other.

If it were anyone else, they would have been sprayed with saliva. But now…

Guang Mu's adorable father: "Big brother is awesome, big brother is awesome!"

Shadow the Thief: "Damn, so domineering!"

Crazy Warrior took a hit from me. “Is this the aura of an expert who swept through the Thunder Guild and oppressed the young masters of Thunderclap? As expected, it’s very impressive. I’m done.”

The Dark Priest apostle said, "The highest level in the arena is level 16 and there are hidden jobs. I'll blow them up. Boss, I'll watch your performance later. I'm ready to hug your thigh and win."

Fire Mage Dancing Fire Dazzling: "Azuresilk, Mumu, do you have the contact information of the big boss? Ahhh—good MAN, I like it. What should I do? I think I should let the big boss be her boyfriend."

Qin Luo Sheng: "???"

Qing Yi:…

【斜体】【斜体】斜体】 "Damn it, someone likes this!"

Yatu: o (╯ ╰) o (What the hell did I do to deserve this? To think that I would have a bunch of subordinates like you guys. I am so embarrassed.)

Fengxing: o ((⊙ ° ⊙) o (What a familiar sense of déjà vu! Seeing them reminds me of my past self)

…

"Ding, you have entered the special map—Mercenary King's Tomb, Reputation + 100!"

After a round of laughter, Ya Tu led his team and activated the mission with his Regiment Commander authority. In an instant, ten people were teleported to a special map.

"Be careful, there might be a trap!"

Yatu scanned the surroundings and said in a low voice, "There's plenty of time. Don't panic. Take your time to explore. Don't be greedy and advance rashly. Shadow!"

"Understood!"

Shadow, whose name had been called, nodded and stepped out of the group. He disappeared in front of everyone, lurked, and moved forward.

Not long after—

Team channel: Shadow. "Monster found."

The information that was detected was shared:

[Corpses of Mercenaries (Enhanced 1 Star Elite)]

Level: 15

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 2800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 500

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 220

Skills: None

Introduction: The corpses of ordinary mercenaries follow the former mercenary kings. After they die, their corpses are brought into the tomb of the mercenary kings and they sleep together.

"Even the lowest level monster is Level 15?"

Yatu frowned. "Everyone, pay attention. No one knows how many monsters there are in this place. Try not to cause too much of a commotion. The monsters are not weak. Focus your attacks and finish them off as quickly as possible. We don't want anything bad to happen."

Everyone: "Understood!"

Qin Sheng:…

This weakling was just a 1-star Enhanced Elite, not a BOSS. Why was he so serious?

"Shadow, attack!"

Yatu instructed in a low voice.

"Alright."

Shadow, who was hiding beside the monster, responded, "Watch out, I'm going to start."

-488!

With a light backstab, the Bandit's high burst and high critical hit was triggered and dealt almost 500 critical damage.

Aiyo, not bad!

As expected of the elite of the Elegance Room, he really had some skills.

The physical defense of a mercenary's corpse was 500 points. To be able to deal such damage, Shadow's attack power should be around 600 points.

Don't underestimate this number. It was already very powerful.

One had to know that one point of strength could be converted into one point of physical attack. Qin Sheng did not believe in Shadow's dagger. It was stronger than the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands. At most, it only had 200 points of attack.

After reducing the dagger's attack power, adding on the increase in skill damage and equipment, Shadow's Strength was at least 200 points.

With Shadow's current level at level 14, 200 points of Strength was not his limit. At the very least, he would get 4 free attribute points for each level up. He was really confident.

"Ridicule!"

After Shadow successfully pulled the monster, Yatu, the Shield Warrior, immediately went up and easily attracted the aggro of the monster and held it tightly.

The two Light Priests, Cyan Hair and Cutie Baby's Dad, alternated using healing water to ensure MT's safety.

The Berserker took a hit from me and the Thief Shadow. He attacked from the flank, pulling the aggro and splitting the pressure on Yatu, the main tank.

Of course, there was no need to say anything about the weak rear. They attacked with all their might.

In an instant, fireballs flew and arrows flew wildly. With the curse and weakening of the Dark Priest, the apostle fell on the poor mercenary's corpse.

The moment they came into contact, the long HP bar on the mercenary's head dropped drastically, and he was stunned.

Especially Mu Mu and Dazzling Fire, the two fire element Magician girls. When the violent fireball hit him, whose magic defense was 0, it really hurt, and his damage output was maxed out.

"It's a little slow!"

With 15W + health points, even if the nine of them worked together, it would take at least one or two minutes to finish Qin Luo. He could not wait that long. The efficiency of fighting monsters like this was too low. It was simply a waste of time.

He looked at it seriously for a while—

The corpses of the mercenaries were surrounded by three melee fighters. They pulled left and right, causing the aggro of the monsters to be transferred back and forth, causing the unintelligent monsters to walk around like monkeys due to the aggro system.

"You guys fight first. I'll scout ahead."

Seeing that there was no danger, Qin Sheng stopped interfering and walked towards the other side.

Compared to group coordination, he preferred to fight alone. Wouldn't it be nice if the Wyvern Knight was unparalleled?

One minute later!

Ding… your team has successfully killed the mercenary's corpse. EXP obtained: 840 points! '

Everyone who was engaged in a heated battle with the mercenary's corpse: "???”

Turning his head, he saw that not far away, the man with the fluttering cape and two swords in his hands was coldly pulling his sword out from the corpse on the ground and calmly walking towards another monster.

“Shield Attack!”

Ya Tu, who had cooperated with Qin Sheng long ago, had a certain degree of immunity towards this monster-like fellow. When he saw that his team member's gaze was drawn over, he immediately let out a loud shout and slammed his shield heavily, transferring his hatred to the corpse of the mercenary in the back row. He said in a deep voice, "Don't be distracted, we'll fight."