Chapter 180: Epic Ring: Skeleton Of Death

"Thank you so much!"

Despite ridiculing him, Ya Tu sincerely thanked him, "Brother Weeping Soul, don't worry. You will definitely be satisfied with the price.”

Last time, because of the cheating incident, it caused the entire world to boil. Qin Sheng was condemned and despised by everyone. At that time, in order to avoid implicating the Yatu pavilion, Yatu had no choice but to make a choice. He did not provide any help, causing cracks to appear on the originally close relationship between the two parties.

He was already prepared to be rejected or even perfunctorily rejected when he came looking for him this time. He didn't expect things to go so smoothly. He was very happy.

"How much are you offering?" Qin Luo asked with a half-smile.

He likes this kind of boss. Hmm, satisfy me? Then let me see how much you offer to satisfy me.

"How about two million?" Yatu sent a message. "If it's not enough, I can add more."

Two million?

Even though Qin Luo had already boldly overestimated himself, he had never imagined that he would still underestimate the level of a wealthy big shot like Yatu.

The first thing he said was two million. This wasn't even a Faction Establishment Order. It was just a qualification certificate for the establishment of a mercenary group. Why was he so fierce?

"That's the price!"

Qin Sheng, who was extremely satisfied, what else could he say? Of course, he had to agree! However, he also replied, "Can you use gold coins to trade? A 10% discount for gold coins!"

"Brother Weeping Soul, do you lack gold coins?” Ya Tu said," Alright, I'll go gather it. As for the 10% discount, there's no need. The amount is the amount.”

"Alright, I won't stand on ceremony with you."

…

After all, they were a large faction. A player didn't have much money. Ten or a hundred coins. Furthermore, they had emergency funds. A few hundred gold coins was enough.

Within ten minutes, Yatu sent a message saying that he had made up the numbers.

"Brother Weihun, sorry to keep you waiting!"

The meeting place was his own shop. Not long after, a system notification sounded. After the authority was opened, Yatu entered and greeted him with a smile.

"Is this Brother Weeping Soul's shop? How nice!"

Looking around, Yatu was envious. He wasn't the only one. The other guilds wanted to own a shop. Not only could they steal the limelight and increase the guild's reputation, but they could also rely on the shop, the chicken that laid the golden egg, to do business and earn money. There was nothing to lose.

What a pity!

Buying a shop was not something that you could buy just because you wanted to. Reputation points were a prerequisite. Without 5,000 points, the City Bureau would not bother with you.

The reason why Yatu had guessed that the license to sell the mercenary corps was Qin Sheng was because of the store. He knew very well that there was no one else who could have 5,000 Reputation Points at this stage other than Weeping Souls.

"It's just a small fight, just a meal!"

Qin Luo Sheng also said humbly.

"A small fight? To earn a living?"

Yatu's face was filled with black lines. He looked at Qin Sheng, who was smiling calmly in front of him, and really wanted to rush over and punch him.

This' B-grade 'outfit, I give you 0 points, 0 points, do you hear me?

Ding… you are trading with Yatu! '

"Ding, the transaction is successful. You have lost the [Mercenary Corp Certificate] * 1. You have received 300 gold coins!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Brother Yatu, you must have miscalculated, right?" Qin Sheng frowned and said, "You should have given me 285 gold coins!"

"Brother Weeping Soul, you broke the rules and turned the auction into a private auction. How can I let you down after giving me so much face?" Ya Tu said seriously, "If you need any help in the future, just tell me directly. It's my duty."

"…Alright, I'll accept it then!" Qin Sheng was silent for a long time, but he still did not reject. He knew very well that Yatu was subtly apologizing for the incident in the novice village at that time and expressing his stand.

Even though the cracks had already appeared and there was no way to repair them, he was still a great financial backer after all. His heroic spirit was soaring through the skies. If they could befriend him, so be it. Even if they couldn't be brothers, they could still be friends.

"Alright then!"

Seeing Qin Luo accept the gold coin, Yatu also smiled. He did not stay any longer and stood up to leave. "Then I'll take my leave first."

…

"Rich! Rich!"

Qin Sheng was overjoyed that he had obtained three hundred gold coins despite losing an unimportant mercenary corps to establish the qualification certificate. To him, the qualification certificate was completely rubbish. It was useless and could only be exchanged for money. It was just that he did not expect to be able to exchange for so many gold coins. It was truly unexpected.

What if he had money?

There was nothing to say!

He would go to the appraisal shop and appraise the equipment first.

After paying 52 gold coins, more than ten pieces of equipment shone brightly.

Starlight Miracle, Starlight Miracle, Starlight Miracle…

He waved his arm, and starlight sparkled.

Four Epic items, six Gold items, and two Silver items!

What a great harvest!

The Epic equipment was a staff, which should have been dropped by a magical BOSS like Hun You. A dagger, which looked like it was dropped by an Iron Zombie. A ring with a skull on it. It was made of bone and Ghost Skeleton had exploded.

"There's actually a ring?"

Qin Luo was wild with joy.

It was a ring. This was a special accessory. The drop rate was extremely low. Even though he had killed so many Bosses, only one Wolf Fang dropped from the Beginner's Village.

The Level 5 [Wolf Fang] had been used up until now. It was already Level 16, but there was still no replacement. It had been on the Virtual Exchange Platform more than once, but he had never seen any items like rings, necklaces, and capes. This was enough to prove the value and rarity of special equipment.

Now, an Epic-ranked ring had appeared. That was great. He would be rich.

[Death Bones]

Type: Ring

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 20

Durability: 20 / 20

Effect: Health Points + 2000, Strength + 50, Constitution + 50, Agility + 50, Spirit + 50

Special Effect: [Power of Death] Passive effect. Every attack will have the power of death, causing a fixed 1,000 points of death damage. There is a chance to trigger the corrosive effect.

Additional Skill: [Summon Dead Bones] Summons a Skeleton Giant to fight. Maximum duration: 10 minutes. Cooldown: 3 hours!

Introduction: The power of death is the source, and the hard bones are the foundation. Together, they build the skeleton of death. It is said to be an accessory worn by the Skeletal Emperor who led a skeleton army to break through a human city. It absorbs the power of death all year round and has extraordinary effects.

"What a powerful ring!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

Health Points + 200, all attributes + 50. Just based on this effect alone, who knew how many people would lose a whole set of equipment.

The passive effect of [Power of Death] was like a bug, especially at this stage where players had yet to grow. Not to mention the chance of triggering the corrosive effect, it would cause a fixed 1,000 points of death damage, which was terrifying.

In other words, as long as you attacked, even if the damage you originally dealt was only 1 point, because of this special effect, your damage would be 1001 points. It was definitely a huge nemesis to deal with those steel plate armor monsters or high agility and high dodging monsters.

There was nothing much to say about supplementary skills. Summoning creatures to fight was the same as Wolf Fang's [Spirit Summoning]. The difference was the difference in the summoned creatures and the duration of the summoned creatures to survive. That was all.

"It's a pity that I need to be level 20 before I can wear it, but I'm only level 15 now. I'm still far from it!"

Qin Sheng eyed the [Skeleton of Death] enviously before putting it into his backpack. "Hurry up and settle the trivial matters here. Then, go and level up crazily. It's such a waste to leave such equipment in your backpack."