Chapter 184: Crazy Revenue (2)

Qin Luo Sheng could imagine that once the items in the store were revealed to the world, they would definitely be scolded as dogs and drowned in endless saliva. However, he did not care.

If he wasn't black-hearted, how could he earn money and become a capitalist?

This was a matter of mutual consent. It was not like they were forcing him to buy it. Even the gods could not interfere.

Ordinary people would definitely not be willing to offend the customers like this. After all, this was a business, and what one needed was a steady stream of water, not a place to exchange shots. If one could scam one, then so be it.

However—

Qin Luo was different!

Because his products were not unique, but they were always leading the trend, leading others.

That's right, the Starlight Miracle was such a bug.

With the power of sublimation in hand, he could do whatever he wanted.

You don't want to buy it? It's alright. As long as the goods are good, there will be people who will pay for it. It doesn't matter if you buy one or two.

This was the power of the seller's market. Once it was monopolized, one would be able to control the pricing power. Others would have no way of refuting it and could only obediently pay.

"Today is a good day…"

Qin Luo could not help humming a tune as he thought of the impending source of wealth. He opened the remaining two stats window that he had specially left behind in a good mood. The stats window for the equipment he could use…

[Crown of Obsidian]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 20, Physical Class

Effect: Defense + 180, Constitution + 15, Strength + 10

Special Effect: [Obsidian] increases visibility by 50 meters and has night vision.

Additional Skill: [Eye of Obsidian] opens the Magic Eye at the center of the Crown of Obsidian. The targeted enemy will be disturbed mentally and fall into one of the three seconds of confusion, fear, and stun effects. Cooldown time is 5 minutes!

Introduction: The crown made of obsidian as the core. Because of the corrosion of death energy all year round, obsidian has become evil. If you look at it directly, you will fall into mental disorder.

[Skeleton Heavy Armor]

Grade: Gold

Requires: Level 20, Warrior Class

Effect: Physical Defense + 500, Magic Defense + 100, Constitution + 40

Special Effect: [Heavy Armor] increases Defense by 20%.

Additional Skill: [Skeleton Shield Wall] consumes 300 Mana Points to form a shield wall made of bones in front of you. Increases your Defense by 50% for 10 seconds. The toughness of the Skeleton Shield wall is 10,000 points. Once the shield wall breaks, the effect of the skill will immediately end. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Introduction: The armor is made from countless hard and dead bones mixed with heavy metal alloys. The defense is very strong.

Strong!

There were a total of six pieces of Gold equipment. He didn't expect two of them to be useful and have such explosive attributes.

In that case, [Jungle Hunter's Helmet] and [Jungle Hunter's Armor] could retire.

But not yet.

These two pieces of equipment needed to be level 20 before they could be equipped. Moreover, before finding a replacement for hand guards and shoes, [Jungle Book] was still mainstream. After all, it was a set. With the attributes of the set, it was not appropriate to separate them.

…

Ten minutes later!

The door to Hidden Dragon Pavilion opened.

The impatient players swarmed in.

“What the fuck?”

"F*ck?"

"Am I seeing things?"

"Damn you!"

"This is fake, right? It's fake, right?"

"Damn, it's so dark?"

"Brother, come and take a look! Gold equipment! Gold equipment!"

"Epic? Epic equipment? What's going on? Can someone tell me why there are Epic equipment for sale?"

"Where's the boss? Where's the boss? What the f*ck are you doing? Why aren't you selling these two pieces of Epic equipment? Are you afraid that I don't have money? Quick, set them up for me."

"…"

The dazzling array of goods looked like they were piled up on shelves, but in reality, there were only a few items that came and went. It was just that there were a lot of them.

Even so, all the players present were stunned.

Especially those big shots who had only come to snatch the qualification certificate for the mercenary group. They didn't care about anything else. After all, at this stage, who could produce anything good?

Who would have thought that such a small shop in their eyes would be so heaven-defying? Even an Epic equipment was hung out. What was going to happen?

In an instant, the entire shop was in a mess. There were shouts of alarm everywhere and sounds of people going crazy. Of course, there were also a lot of people who were quick-witted and started filming at the first moment, frantically moving videos and pictures onto the forums to get attention and views.

"Gosh, is it that exaggerated?"

Qin Sheng, who was hiding on the second floor of the shop and using his authority to observe the situation inside, felt his scalp tingle.

It was on fire. Completely on fire.

In less than five minutes after the Hidden Dragon Pavilion opened, countless videos and screenshots of the goods in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion exploded in the world. The popularity of the video soared and spread like wildfire. In a short period of time, everyone knew about it.

Super strong potions, hundreds of black iron weapons, high-grade silver equipment, priceless gold equipment, and unheard of Epic equipment…

It was crazy. The entire world was crazy, especially the players in the Huaxia area, especially the players from Star Glory City. No matter what they were doing, they immediately put down whatever they were doing and rushed towards Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

"Brother Weeping Soul, I regret it!"

It was a call from Yatu. Once the call went through, he immediately acted pitiful.

"Since you have these treasures, why don't you tell your brother? There's no problem with the price. Name a price and I'll definitely not return it."

Qin Sheng:…

Hey, hey, take note of your image, big brother. If you're so funny, it's very easy to destroy the high and mighty heroic spirit in my heart!

Beep beep…

At this moment, the communicator rang again.

The call connected.

"Hey, I want the Netherworld Scepter. Name a price."

Wow, what arrogance!

Qin Luo Sheng gave a disdainful smile and swept his gaze over the sender: Mu Mu.

‘ Oh, that’s all right then.’

What was there to say about Miss Mu Mu? She was a top-notch beauty!

She seemed to be the only daughter of the richest man in the capital. She was wealthy and had a good figure. She only spent a set of cosmetics to buy an Epic equipment. How was that considered poor?

"Not selling!"

"This is my store's treasure. It's used to absorb popularity, so why would it be sold?" Qin Sheng said with a faint smile. "Besides, do you guys have Level 20? Why would I sell it to you? I don't even dare to put my backpack there for fear that it would explode if I accidentally die. I can only put it in the storehouse to eat dust and pay a safekeeping fee. What's the point? I'm doing this for your sake!"

Yatu: "…"

"Why do you care? I like it." Mu Mu said, "Are you going to sell it or not?"

Qin Luo rolled his eyes. "No."

"500W!" Mu Mu immediately bid.

"Has this woman gone mad?" Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

Was this a f*cking God-level nouveau riche? He asked for five million. If others didn't know, they would think he was talking about Zimbabwean coins.