Chapter 188: Team Member Gathering

"Please, Brother Weeping Soul. This mission is very important to me."

While Qin Luo Sheng was still looking at the contents of the mission, Yatu could no longer hold back. He sent another message begging, "If I complete this mission, my mercenary group will basically be unsurpassable. Also, the reputation reward will allow me to open my store. I know that Brother Weiyun is in a difficult position, so I've prepared one million RMB worth of medicinal water for you, regardless of success or failure."

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched.

One million RMB for herbal expenses?

A God-level nouveau riche was a God-level nouveau riche.

Even drinking potions cost millions.

Awesome!

"Brother Yatu, you don't have to do this."

Qin Luo Sheng replied, "This mission is pretty good. It should be the only hidden mission. Speaking of which, it's my fortune to be able to participate in it. There's no need to pay a million yuan for the medicine and water."

"How can I do that? I've already agreed to it."

Ya Tu rejected him. "Brother Weeping Soul, you've taken the time out of your busy schedule to come and help me. It's just a small amount of hard work. I must pay you."

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

As long as you're happy.

"When do we set off?" Qin Luo asked, too lazy to argue with Yatu.

Whether it was Jatu or Qin Sheng, their hearts were clear.

The difficulty of this hidden mission was certainly not low. Even if Yatu and the others were fully armed, they would not have absolute confidence. That was why he called Qin Luo Sheng.

Firstly, it was to ensure that the success rate of the mission would be greatly increased. Secondly, it was to strengthen the relationship between the two parties. After all, he had once watched someone die in the Beginner's Village. Now that there was a rift between them, if he did not take this opportunity to repair it, he would be extremely stupid.

From Qin Sheng's perspective, the reward for such a hidden mission was definitely not low. He could not reject it.

Even though Yatu needed his strength to clear the level, at the end of the day, he was still a freeloader. Why would he need a bicycle to earn a hidden mission?

Since he had chosen to join the team, he was one of them. Wasn't it natural to contribute? How could he receive additional fees? After all, he had a share of the rewards after completing the mission.

However, it had to be Yatu's fort. There was no other way.

Refuse?

That was equivalent to not giving him any face. It would also mean offending Yatu and severing their relationship.

Although Qin Luo was no longer the penniless loser who had just transmigrated and lived in a damp and moldy basement, he now had more than enough money and no longer needed to rely on elegance.

Now, it was the seller's market again. He, who had the Hidden Dragon Pavilion as a mountain of gold, had lost Yatu as a financial backer, and millions of other financial backers would cry and shout to give him money. It was nothing.

However, having one more friend was better than having one more enemy.

Yatu was a good friend. He did things well and had a powerful backing like the Yatu Pavilion. There were some things that he had to rely on. For example, the matter of collecting wolf eyes.

"Time is of the essence. I have already gathered my men. Prepare yourselves and set off immediately."

Yatu replied, "Brother Weeping Soul, do you need to prepare anything?—Oh right, I still have a batch of potions from you.—Hmm… How about this, let's trade the potions first. I'll make some arrangements here and distribute the potions. We'll gather in half an hour?"

"Sure!" Qin Sheng nodded. "Let's meet at the tea house on the west side of the city then."

"OK!"

Three minutes later, Qin Luo and Ya Tu walked out of the tea house and parted ways at the door.

Yatu went to do his work, but Qin Sheng had nothing to do. Looking at the 525 gold coins that he had just earned in his backpack, he moved his feet and involuntarily walked towards the pharmacy that he had visited three times today.

Under the apathetic and surprised gaze of the pharmacy manager, Qin Sheng took away the 800 gold potion, leaving only 75 gold as backup.

After returning to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, he took a look. There were still a lot of potions left from the previous batch, so this batch would not be put up for sale for the time being. They would be placed in the warehouse on the second floor and given to the acting store manager. Currently, the manager, Qingwu, had the authority to access the second floor warehouse and have the right to replenish the goods.

…

Half an hour later!

Qin Luo followed the appointment and arrived at the gathering point. From afar, he could already see a group of people led by Yatu. Among them, Fengxing, Qing Si and Mu Mu, who had worked together in the Beginner's Village, were impressively present.

Ding… Yatu invites you to join the team. Do you agree? '

"Agreed!"

Qin Luo chose to accept it, then looked at the team list.

Captain: Yatu, Shield Warrior, Level 15!

Team member: Wind Walk, Archer, Level 14!

Team member: Azuresilk, Light Priest, Level 14!

Team member: Mu Mu, fire mage, level 14!

Team Member: Eat My Blade, Berserker, Level 14

Team member: Dazzling Dance, Fire Mage, Level 14!

Team members: Apostle, Dark Priest, Level 14!

Team members: Shadow, Thief, Level 14!

Team member: Daddy Baby Meng, Light Priest, Level 14!

Team member: Weeping Soul, Shadow Warrior, Level 16!

Yo!

Not bad!

They were all Level 14 big shots. They were definitely top-tier players at the moment. In addition to the equipment they were equipped with, they were definitely the elites among the elites of the pavilion. It would not be an exaggeration to say that they were all top-tier players.

Other than him, the hanging wall, and Ya Tu, who had entered the city first and had the best resources, no one could suppress them.

"Gosh, Big Boss Weeping Soul Beast?"

Initially, they were confused and dissatisfied with the president giving up on his own brother and asking for external help. However, when they saw the King of Excellence in casual clothes with a mask on, they were even more displeased.

However, when they heard the system notification of "Weeping Souls has joined the team" and saw the shining "Shadow Warrior" and "Level 16" on the team list, they couldn't help but cry out in shock. They kept calling him "Big Boss" more than anyone else.

Well—

How fragrant!

"This is our first mercenary group mission, and it's our only hidden mission. The rewards are generous, so we can't mess it up. For this, I've specially invited Brother Weeping Soul to help us. Everyone, be alert and cooperate well, and strive to get it done in one go."

Once everyone was present, Yatu immediately began to act as the general staff to boost morale.

Ding… Player Yatu has sent you an application. Do you agree to join [Yatu Mercenary Group]? '

"Agreed!"

Since it was a mercenary group mission, only members of the mercenary group could do it together. There was nothing wrong with Qin Sheng's decision.

Ding… you have joined [Jatu Mercenary Group]. You have received BUFF: All attributes + 5%, experience + 5%! '

Qin Sheng:…

How envious!

If he had known that this would happen, he would not have given up the first mercenary group no matter what. Don't look down on this mere 5% increase. It was already quite a lot, especially the increase in experience value. Over time, it was not a small number.

Unfortunately…

If he missed it, he missed it. In the end, he had no fate with it.