Chapter 198: Reinforcements And Feelings

"A mermaid?"

Qin Luo's eyes lit up when he saw this. "It's actually the Mermaid Tribe that's reputed to be the royalty of the water just like the Naga Race. I can finally broaden my horizons today."

Qin Luo was not the only one. The other men in the team were the same.

This was a mermaid.

A legendary existence.

Isn't that what men yearn for?

"He has shed his skin and shed his scales. He has grown human legs. Can he move around on land for a long time without water?"

Looking at the Water Spirit's human form, which was exactly the same as a normal person's appearance, Qin Sheng exclaimed in admiration, "As expected of the Water Spirit King, an existence born to be compatible with the water element. Unfortunately, you followed the wrong person. Even though the name of the Water Spirit shook the entire continent, it still died a tragic death and was buried here."

"Heh, men!"

Never show your ugly side to another woman in front of a woman. This is a universal international principle that applies to women in any country.

As a matter of fact, the three girls in the team were rather disdainful of the seven men's performance. Flames were burning in their eyes.

No woman could ignore a woman's charm.

Dazzling Dazzling Dance, who had always boasted that she was superior in strength, had an explosive figure that was comparable to a supermodel, a charming face, and a mature woman.

Everyone acknowledged that Mu Mu, who had the looks of a lolita, beat many big stars. She was exquisite and cute.

Even her fine black hair that was like an icy snow lotus that seemed to be indifferent to the matters of the outside world, her heart was like still water, and her expression remained unchanged, yet her expression was even colder than before.

"Cough cough, another magical BOSS."

Qin Luo Sheng was the first to come to his senses. He glanced at the three girls without a trace and saw their unfriendly gazes. He coughed twice and woke up Yatu and the others. Without waiting for their response, he said to himself, "It's still the same as before, quick push."

Facing the BOSS, everyone did not have any other thoughts and immediately arranged the enhancement skills.

It was the same for Qin Luo Sheng. It was just that compared to before, he had an additional ray of courage.

[Heart of Courage] has been depleted. After activation, all attributes will be + 50%. Duration: 1 minute. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

In any case, it only had a 10-minute cooldown, which lasted for as long as 1 minute. Even after Greedy Wolf and the other buffs were over, it was still there. No problem, he would use the CD earlier.

"I'm going in, you guys help from the side!"

This time, Qin Sheng did not mention a one-on-one fight.

Although he was just a loser, his EQ was not low.

Every single person present was a proud and arrogant person.

Why would they be willing to be green leaves?

It was not only because Qin Sheng's abilities were indeed too terrifying, but also because of the deliberate suppression by the boss, Yatu.

However—

It was fine to let them be bystanders once or twice, but to completely deprive them of their presence was indeed a little unacceptable.

Just now, there was nothing they could do. In order to maintain the integrity of their members, they had to deal with the terrifying Mercenary King. But now, everything was fine. With the [Holy Prayer] with the azure hair, they could revive their teammates on the spot. If they wanted to attack, they could attack directly, as long as they did not cause trouble.

“Rippling Water!”

Among the many elemental magic spells, the water element had less damage than the fire element, less defense than the earth element, less sharpness than the wind element, less violent than the thunder element. However, the water element had its characteristic—endless variations.

Just like water, water element didn't have a fixed form. It looked like it could touch anything and was very mediocre. However, in the hands of experts, it was the existence that gave the enemy the greatest headache. Because it was comprehensive, there were no weaknesses to speak of. It was invulnerable.

Well…

Qin Luo Sheng had just activated three speed enhancement skills when he dashed over. With a wave of his scepter, water rippled on the ground. The originally dry ground immediately became slippery and difficult to walk on.

"Water Blade Vortex!"

Qin Luo Sheng's speed plummeted, and he found it difficult to move. The Great Daoist Master, Shui Linglong, would not give him the chance to do so. After restricting the ground, she immediately launched an attack. A rapidly spinning water ball shot out explosively, aiming straight at Qin Luo who was charging forward.

Even though they were quite a distance away, Qin Sheng could still sense the terrifying energy contained within the whirlpool of water blades. If he was struck by it, even with the Water Spirit of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, he would be skinned alive.

Author’s Note: [Water Spirit] wields the Water Spiritual Pearl, affinity with the water element, increases water-type damage by 50%, increases water-type resistance by 20%, and also knows the water attribute. It can move freely underwater without any obstruction, does not reduce abilities, ignores water pressure, and can even control water veins!

"Cover!"

His feet were being held up by the sticky water. He wanted to teleport, but he was not close enough. Qin Sheng was helpless. He was about to use the Spirit Light Cloak to reduce his injuries when he gritted his teeth and resisted. At this moment, Ya Tu, who was supporting him from the side, suddenly jumped up and blocked the attack. He raised his shield high and took the attack.

In an instant, Yatu's health points decreased by one-third at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Healing Spell!"

In the back, Qing Si and her cute father, the two Light Priests, cast healing spells at the same time and healed Yatu, recovering most of her health bar.

"Go, we'll cover you!"

Yatu raised his shield and a shield wall appeared at the front.

With the shield-bearers taking the damage, Wind Walker, Mumu, and Dazzling Dance began to attack as well. Even though the damage was not high, it was enough to disrupt Water Spirit, preventing her from focusing on Qin Luo.

"So this is a teammate? That's great!"

It was only now that Qin Sheng, who had been fighting alone, understood the importance of teammates. He cast a grateful glance at Yatu, who was protecting him behind his back, then suddenly stepped forward and withdrew from the shield wall. Taking advantage of the opportunity when Shui Linglong was being harassed, he charged forward ferociously.

"Fireball!"

"Pyroblaze Fire Snake!”

Since ancient times, water and fire had always been incompatible. As a water mage, Water Sprite naturally hated the two fire mages, Mumu and Dazzling Dance.

Fortunately, his battle awareness was still there, and he didn’t do anything irrational. Ignoring everything else, he attacked the two fire-attribute girls.

Among the five elements, water countered fire, but this was only objective and not absolute.

In reality, fire and water restrained each other. It was not a complete suppression.

Unfortunately, Mumu and Dazzling Dance were only Level 15. Their equipment wasn't complete, and their skills weren't good enough (their proficiency level wasn't up). The difference in strength between them and Smooth As Silk was too great. All they could do was harass, but they couldn't deal damage.

However!

That was enough!

After delaying Qin Luo for a second, he crossed another large distance.

Taking advantage of the gap between the attacks, Water Spirit freed her hands once again. A water blade vortex condensed, and she threw it at Qin Sheng, who wanted to get close to her endlessly.

At this moment—