Chapter 191: Slaying Goumang

Terrifying speed, instantaneous slash, violent attack…

Yatu and the others felt their scalps go numb.

Hey, hey, brother, this is a BOSS, not some Tom, Dick or Harry. Can you show some respect? Why does the situation seem to be reversed? That pitiful Goumang is the player, and you are the BOSS?

And—

What the hell is this sword?

Were these 37,000 plus damages serious?

Isn't this too sick?

Even the BOSS was killed by one-tenth of his HP with one strike. Tell me, did you cheat?

“Shadow Slash!”

"Chop!"

Qin Sheng, who was in the midst of the battle, was naturally unaware of the psychological activities of Yatu and the others. At this moment, he had already entered a state of mind and only had Goumang in his eyes.

After the Instant Slash took effect, he approached Goumang at close range once again. He would not let go of this opportunity. He used Shadow Slash as a shadow and slashed Goumang's 10,000 health points. Then, he took a slight step back and easily dodged Goumang's "Quake Back Arrow". Following that, he charged forward and slashed Goumang without any hesitation, sending him flying.

"Berserk Strike!"

Three seconds of stagnation. How could Qin Sheng miss such a great opportunity? Because Goumang was too agile, he could not use Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab + Berserk Heavy Strike to weaken his ability. However, it was not too late.

-7,2885!

500% damage was instantly taken off. It directly cut down Goumang's 20% health and added a "serious injury" effect on him. All attributes decreased by 10%!

“Ultimate Piercing Strike!”

After the Berserk Strike, he applied for Extreme Stab. In one second, he attacked five times in a row, attacking the same point, breaking through the defense, increasing the weakness, increasing the damage, cutting Goumang's HP by about 13%.

The last second of stagnation—

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

A majestic Sword Aura shot out. 300% of the damage landed heavily on Goumang's body, taking away nearly 40,000 health points.

"Blink!"

Goumang, who had recovered from the stagnation state, was alarmed when he sensed his own condition. With a teleportation, he dodged Qin Sheng's subsequent attacks.

"Can you escape?" Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Shadow Escape!"

One after the other, two flashes appeared almost at the same time. Goumang had just gotten rid of Qin Sheng, but Qin Luo followed him and appeared in front of him once again. The sharp edges of the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier slashed down.

"Junior, you've gone too far. I'll fight it out with you—Seven Star Pearl Arrow!"

Goumang could no longer keep a straight face after being chased around like a dog by a mere junior. He knew that it would be difficult for him to escape, so he wanted to risk his life on the spot.

"I've been underestimated!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the anxious Goumang and revealed a disdainful smile. "An archer dares to charge his power in front of a warrior when he's so close to him. Are you looking down on me?"

"Shadow Stab!"

Qin Sheng moved his body and moved like a ghost. In an instant, he disappeared from Goumang's sight. The Seven Star Pearl Arrow that he had been accumulating his strength for had lost its target. At the same time, it appeared behind Goumang and stabbed heavily into the back of Goumang's head while wielding the Coiling Dragon Water.

Shadow Stab took effect!

1 second stun!

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

Qin Luo activated his Attack Speed Skill and started firing left and right. He abandoned his Damage Skill and was like a demonic beast. His arms trembled as he attacked one after another. Sword Qi after Sword Qi continuously struck Goumang's body.

"Get lost!"

When his Health Points dropped by 10%, Goumang finally exploded again. A huge burst of energy burst out from his body and sent Qin Luo flying.

"Greedy humans, all of you will die today!"

Goumang pulled the bowstring and aimed at the sky. The arrow with energy was shot out by him and disappeared into the sky.

"Retreat! This is an AOE attack!"

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils constricted as he hurriedly shouted in the team channel. He turned into a shadow and escaped into Goumang's shadow to avoid harm.

Indeed…

In the next second, the energy arrows that entered the sky exploded, splitting into countless arrows and raining down like a storm.

"D * mn, that was close. The car almost crashed!"

Qin Sheng, who was hiding in the shadows, could not help but wipe the cold sweat on his forehead as he looked at the surroundings filled with arrows. Fortunately, there was the effect of Shadow Escape, which allowed him to hide in the shadows and avoid all physical and magical damage. Otherwise, he would not even have a place to run when faced with this "map attack".

"Are you guys alright?"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that no one's name had turned black on the list of members. However, he still asked.

"We're fine!"

Yatu instantly replied, "Fortunately, we were standing far away and you reminded us early. Otherwise, we would have really almost overturned the car.—You two immortals are fighting, and us mortals are suffering. It's really unlucky."

Qin Sheng:…

A few seconds later.

The rain of arrows stopped.

"Let's go!" Qin Luo Sheng escaped from Goumang's shadow and did not give him any chance. He took advantage of Goumang using his powerful technique and continued to attack while he was panting heavily.

He only had 10% of his health left, which was only about 35,000. How was he Qin Sheng's opponent who had boosted the power of the Sirius and had an explosive attack like a beast?

With just three strikes, the critical strike dealt more than 10,000 damage. It easily killed Goumang, who had no means of resisting.

Ding… You have successfully killed Level 15 Silver Enhanced Boss: God Arrow—Goumang. EXP gained: 30W + Reputation 800 points! '

Awesome!

Another 300,000 EXP entered his account. He was less than three-quarters of the way to level 18. With another three or four bosses, he could level up again.

"This is it? A Level 15 Silver Enhanced Boss is like this?"

"Too fierce, too fierce. Such a powerful BOSS took less than 30 seconds in the entire battle? Isn't this too fast?"

"Boss, do you still need a leg accessory?"

"…"

As the EXP went into his account, Yatu and the others who were watching from the side naturally understood that the Boss had died. Therefore, they rushed over hurriedly. Nobody cared about the twinkling starlight on the ground. Instead, their gazes were on Qin Sheng, who was holding his sword. A series of rainbow farts flew over. Instantly, the entire space was filled with flattery.

"Ding… Current target is unavailable!"

Qin Luo Sheng paid no attention to these clowns. He aimed at Goumang's corpse and cast a harvesting spell. However, he was told that he could not harvest it.

Was he that poor?

He was the Mercenary King's subordinate, a level 15 Silver Enhanced Boss, yet he did not even have a single ingredient?

Fuck you!

"Four pieces of equipment dropped. Isn't this drop rate too high?"

Mu Mu bent down and picked up the equipment Goumang dropped. He held them up and looked excited as though he was seeking credit.