Chapter 196: The Temptation Of Dazzling Fire

Oh dear…

Everyone present did not have a share of the wind mage's skill book.

"This… Brother Weeping Soul, please accept it?"

As the captain and the president of the Elegance Room, besides Qin Sheng, the other eight were either his subordinates or his friends. With him as the leader, his words naturally carried the most weight.

"This BOSS is basically the same as the previous one. It was all settled by you. No one can use this skill book. According to the contribution, it should belong to you."

"If it's not mine, why would I bring it?"

Qin Luo rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Roll!"

"Everyone has contributed to the fight against the BOSS. You can't let me take it directly."

As he spoke, he opened the ROLL system on the team channel first. The dice turned and stopped in two seconds. Whoa, 68 points. Not bad.

“I’ll say it again. Even if we’ve joined the team, our identities and contributions aren’t important. We’re all teammates, so let’s follow the usual rules.”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his Roll and said with a serious expression, "It belongs to whoever should use it. If there's a professional repetition, let's use Roll Points as the benchmark. Everyone can use Roll Points if they don't need it. At most, after Roll Points gets the item, we can split some dividends and ask for a reward. There's no need to be so serious."

His words moved everyone.

However…

The few people who had entered the next novice dungeon with Qin Luo, especially the eccentric Little Chili Mu, had odd expressions on their faces.

Hey!

"Back when you challenged the trial grounds with us, it wasn't like this.

What was it that turned you from a petty money-grubber to such a serious and generous person?

Could it be…

Mu Mu glanced at the black hair beside him and seemed to understand something.

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not know of Mu Mu's mental activity. The reason why he had done so was not because of other reasons, but because he did not want everyone to bear a grudge over a skill book.

Based on Qin Sheng's personality, he did not care about these things at all. But after all, they still had to move together in the future. They would meet frequently, so it was better for the atmosphere to be harmonious.

If this Skill Book could be used by Qin Sheng, he would naturally accept it with a smile. Perhaps he wouldn't even know how to use it with another Berserker in the team. Unfortunately, he didn't use it.

Why was it so difficult to enter the dungeon with Yatu and the others?

That was because he was really poor back then. He didn't even have a living allowance. He lived in a cold, damp, and moldy basement. He met a few bosses that he didn't know and wasn't familiar with. If he didn't screw them over, wouldn't he have a mental problem?

Now, he had gained quite a bit from these rich old men. He had already gotten out of his predicament and could be considered to be quite wealthy. Furthermore, he had the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, a gold mine that could be unequivocally excavated. Naturally, he would not do anything that would harm his "Weeping Soul” identity for a mere skill book.

Besides…

Yatu had paid a total of one million yuan previously. He had even paid for his job as a hired thug. The huge amount of experience points and other things that he had earned were all earned from whoring. Why would he need a bicycle?

"Brother Yatu, be a role model," Qin Luo said.

"Sure!"

Since he had already said so much, Yatu did not continue to reject him pretentiously. That would instead hurt their relationship and create a sense of distance and unfamiliarity with the Weeping Soul Beast that he had always wanted to befriend. This was not something he wanted to see.

"Everyone, let's see who's the luckiest!"

Everyone agreed.

After a round of ROL points, another Fire Mage girl with an explosive figure, Dancing Fire Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Silver Wind Mage skill book with an ultra-high 98 points.

"Aiya, I didn't expect Roll to arrive."

Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Spring had a face full of surprise as he spoke in a coquettish manner. This SAO's words were full of energy, but not only did he not reveal any expression that a man should have, it instead made the faces of several men who knew her personality well.

"You guys!"

Seeing this scene, the charming smile on Dazzling Dancing Fire's face froze. With a stomp of his foot, the huge turbulence that could not be concealed by the thin mage robe suddenly trembled. The huge arc caused Qin Sheng's eyes to narrow.

"Hmph!"

The woman was quite sensitive to the man's gaze. Even though Qin Luo Sheng's expression was calm and he had a super strong disguise, his gaze was obscure. Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling Dazzling, who immediately revealed a smile that was similar to that of a vixing fox's, was clearly very satisfied with his own charm and the combat strength displayed by his explosive figure.

"I just spent my entire fortune buying equipment, and the potion was sponsored by the guild leader."

Dazzling Dancing Fire shook her fiery red long hair and unreservedly poured out her mature feminine charm. Her tone was soft with a bit of charm. "I only have 9 gold coins on me. Everyone gets a gold bonus. Don't think it's too little."

As he said that, he did not trade one by one. Instead, he conjured the gold coins and handed one to each of them. When Qin Luo received it, she took advantage of the moment when she handed him the gold coins and hooked her finger in his palm.

This woman!

Qin Luo Sheng could not control his emotions. However, he still appeared calm and collected on the surface. He had a "Sima Yan" expression and was completely unmoved.

"I don't know if this is Yatu's intention or if this woman is acting on her own."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "However, it's still too tender for you to seduce me with just this little trick. Do you really think that my 20 years of being a loser was for nothing? Besides, Empress Naga who had the attributes of an empress in the past and Snake Girl who had the attributes of a mutated beast in the future, in front of these two big shots, your charm cultivation level is truly lacking."

"Mumu, what other equipment did you drop? Let's share it."

As a seasoned veteran, Yatu lived in the environment of the circle. He had experienced this sort of thing countless times, so he naturally saw through the trick. He was delighted with Dazzling Dazzling Dancing Fire, but he was also afraid of angering Qin Sheng. He knew that this matter couldn't be rushed. At the very least, when they were alone, he would take his time, so he quickly changed the topic.

"Oh!"

It was just that Mu Mu, who had been spoiled since she was young, had some problems with her personality. In reality, she was still very pure, so she had no idea what had happened. When she heard Ya Tu's words, she obediently agreed and shared everything she had picked up with the team.

The Augmenting Gem, Crystal Coins, and Spirit Crystals were basically the three soy sauce brothers that the Boss would definitely drop. Needless to say, Qin Sheng's attention was mainly focused on his equipment.

For a BOSS like Feng Mu, who existed in a special hidden map with a powerful background and was killed by players for the first time, the equipment dropped could not be measured by his BOSS grade. At least, it could not be measured by ordinary BOSS of the same grade.

Wasn't it normal for a Silver Boss to drop Gold equipment?

Coincidentally, his [Jungle Book] set could not keep up with the pace. Was there a replacement?

After all, there was a Glowing Pearl Jade in front of him. A mere Silver-grade Boss had dropped Gold equipment. As the guardian Boss of the second level, there was no reason for the stronger Feng Mu to lose to Goumang, right?