Chapter 194: Skill Book: Wind Blade Dance (1)

"Hmph, what's there to be proud of?" Qin Luo's bossy attitude, especially his attitude of "it doesn't matter whether you guys attack or not", made Mu Mu fuming. He snorted and said unhappily, "Later, I'll let you see that my explosive output is definitely much stronger than your smelly sword."

Qin Sheng:…

Young lady, may I ask where your confidence comes from?

Even if our abilities are on the same level as yours, just look at how much physical defense the Boss has and how much magic defense it has. You're just a fire-element mage and your attributes don't restrain him. How dare you say such arrogant words to compete with me in damage?

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo could not be bothered with Little Chili as he swept his gaze across the crowd. When he looked into Qing Si's eyes, he paused for a second before shifting his gaze away. His expression did not change, but his heartbeat increased slightly.

"Encourage!"

"Ding, eat my blade and use 'Encourage' on you. Your physical attacks will increase by 5% for 30 seconds!"

"Precise!"

Ding… Feng Xing cast 'Precision' on you. Your hit rate has increased by 5% for 30 seconds! '

"Darkness Curse!"

Ding… Apostle cast 'Dark Curse' on you. Every attack of yours will cause a curse effect on the enemy. Your attributes will decrease by 0.1%, up to 3%. Lasts for 1 minute! '

"Life Blessing!"

Ding… Cyan Silk cast 'Life Blessing' on you. Your maximum Health Points + 520, lasts for 3 minutes! '

"Light of Life!"

Ding… Daddy Baby Meng cast 'Light of Life' on you. Your Health Points recovery effect + 20%, lasts for 1 minute! '

Qin Luo's body was now covered in a bunch of buffs!

His teammates had given it to him, and now it was his turn—

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Clever!"

"Leopard Tu!"

Without holding back, the three speed enhancement skills came out in full force.

Swish!

Like an arrow released from a bow, Qin Luo rushed towards Feng Mu like a leopard.

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Seeing that Qin Luo and the others did not retreat, Feng Mu was already prepared. He did not need to chant, or rather, the chanting time was extremely short. In just a few milliseconds, incomparably sharp wind blades were ready to be released. They easily slashed apart Mu Mu and Dazzling Dance of Fire, as well as Feng Xing's arrows.

"Brother, did you forget about me?"

In a long-range battle, Feng Mu won completely, while Mu Mu and the other two had no achievements. However, this also bought time for Qin Sheng's breakthrough. Under the violent movement speed, Qin Sheng brazenly charged to the front of Feng Mu, less than five meters away from him.

Swoosh…

Feng Mu was still arrogant and had a cold expression on his face. Thus, Qin Luo's reply was a large wind blade that was much larger than the wind blade he had brandished earlier. That sharp aura made Qin Luo's hair stand on end.

"Shadow Assault!"

The momentum of his body charging forward was unavoidable. Under the inertia, it was difficult for him to move left and right very quickly. And if he stopped, even if he stopped, the wind blade that was rushing towards him would still cut his body.

At this moment, the shadow warrior's skill displayed its might.

With a sway of his body, before the wind blade was about to land on him, Qin Sheng disappeared from his original spot and abruptly teleported to the front of Feng Mu. With the appearance of the wolf's shadow behind him, the Skywolf's amplification was completed and its attack power increased explosively. The [Coiling Dragon Water] slashed down with great momentum.

-7,552!

With a single hit, Feng Mu lost more than 7,000 health points. It was indeed very fragile, and its defense was even worse than Goumang's.

Swoosh…

-3655!

However, Qin Sheng's happy expression did not last for even half a second. He was immediately affected by Feng Mu's blow, and his face darkened.

"It's still too much!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "Initially, there was nothing wrong with just attacking. I was greedy and wanted to increase the power of one more 'Skywolf'. I wasted a little bit of time and Feng Mu seized the opportunity and gave it to me."

"This damage, it's really strong. It actually took away more than 3,000 of my health points in one hit." Qin Sheng thought to himself, "As expected, is my magic defense still too low? This should be my only shortcoming right now."

"Shadow Stab!"

While he was deep in thought, his hands weren't slow. While Feng Mu was attacking, Qin Sheng took the opportunity to receive the blow. Then, relying on his berserk speed, he moved from Feng Mu's front to his back and stabbed heavily into the back of his head with the [Coiling Dragon Water].

Successfully hit!

Stun for 1 second!

Tsk, the familiar rhythm was here!

Power accumulation…

"Berserk… Heavy Strike!"

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing Wind God—Wind Mud to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%!"

NICE!

It actually triggered the Absolute Damage effect. The heavens are really helping me!

"Chop!"

He exerted strength with his left hand, and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] 's blood-colored sword gleam flashed. With a wide slash, he sent Feng Mu, who had just recovered from his stun state, into the sky. He maintained the stagnation effect for three seconds and connected the control chain.

"Attack!"

Ignoring the three long-range attacks from Mu Mu in the distance, Qin Sheng did not hesitate to add an attack speed skill to himself. Then, he waved his swords and began his solo performance.

Ding… Apostle versus Arrow of God—Wind Mud uses Dark Corrosion, Arrow of God—Wind Mud's Defense and Resistance is reduced by 5% for 15 seconds! '

Ding… Apostle versus Divine Arrow—Wind Absorption, Absorbing Divine Arrow—Wind Mustard's total health points are 0.1%, lasts for 15 seconds! '

While Feng Mu was being controlled, the apostle followed the strategy that he had planned beforehand. He strode forward and used Dark Priest's move to reduce his defense, reduce his resistance, and steal his health points. It was a disgusting move.

The 20% Attack Speed of the [Forest Hunter], 50% Attack Speed of the Shadow Warrior, and 50% Attack Speed of the active skill [Violent Attack]. At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng seemed to be suffering from a stroke. The speed at which he waved his longsword was so fast that he could no longer be seen clearly. One could only see afterimages flashing past, as well as the number of explosive damage that was constantly flashing above Feng Mu's head. It was so yellow that it was frightening and blurred.

In three seconds, Qin Sheng had slashed 13 times, 6 in his left hand and 7 in his right, killing Feng Mu's 150,000 health points. Coupled with Shadow Assault, Shadow Stab, and Berserk Strike, he, who only had a total of 30W + health points, was now in imminent danger. He only had less than 10% of his health left, which was only two or three strikes.

Swoosh…

After the stagnation effect ended, Feng Mu's figure instantly vanished without waiting for Qin Luo's next strike to land.

"Indeed, every magical BOSS has teleportation."

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but grumble. However, he did not slow down. After observing Feng Mu's position after teleporting, he charged over immediately. If he did not take advantage of his illness to take his life, did he have to be a gentleman and wait for him to regain his footing and recover?