Chapter 197: Water God—Water Sprite

However!

Qin Luo was disappointed.

There were indeed many pieces of equipment. There were a total of six pieces, but unfortunately, there was no sign of gold. The highest grade was only Silver, and there were only three pieces. The other three pieces, two Bronze pieces, and—one Black Iron!

"How could this be? It shouldn't be!"

Qin Luo Sheng was very depressed. "Could it be because we have teammates to join the battle? That's not right either. Isn't the person who affected the drop rate and drop rate of the boss the one who completed the final blow? That's me! Could it be that my face is too black?"

When had he ever felt so humiliated when he had 16 Luck points?

This was a "first blood" BOSS. Under his hands, it actually dropped so badly. Who was he mocking?

"Forget it, even if I'm unlucky!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed helplessly and no longer felt conflicted.

Perhaps his expectations were too high!

After all, there was a Glowing Pearl Jade in front of him. A mere Silver-grade BOSS dropped Gold equipment. As the guardian BOSS of the second level, the stronger Feng Mu had no reason to lose to Goumang, right?

This gave Qin Luo an illusion.

Who knew that this was not a guaranteed drop in gold equipment. The previous Goumang had exploded because he was lucky.

"25, 11, 37?"

What kind of godly moves are these?

Qin Luo shut himself up on the spot.

Seeing that the three pieces of Silver equipment had been taken by someone else, they no longer had any interest in ROLL. They chose to give up on the remaining three pieces of trash.

It was normal for Qin Sheng, who had the lowest grade of gold equipment on him, to look down on these junk. However, the others were pleasantly surprised.

Even though he was an elite member of the Elegance Room, the drop rate of equipment was random. It was not something that could be obtained just because you wanted it. Sometimes, even if you had money, you would either not have the goods or others would not sell it. You could not buy it even if you wanted to.

Black Iron was not good enough for everyone, but Bronze and Silver were different. They were popular goods, especially Silver equipment. They were top-notch equipment. It was already impressive for ordinary first-rate players to have one or two pieces.

After the equipment allocation was completed, Qin Luo Sheng also received 12 gold coins as dividends. Among them, Shadow, who had received his favorite silver dagger, contributed 5 gold coins. He was the most generous.

The third stage!

[Corpses of Mercenaries (Enhanced 3-star Elite)]

Level: 16

Health Points: 250,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 4000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 800

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 280

Skills: None

Introduction: The corpses of ordinary mercenaries follow the former mercenary kings. After they die, their corpses are brought into the tomb of the mercenary kings and they sleep together.

Qin Sheng:…

It was still the same familiar appearance, the same familiar formula.

He made me look like a skeleton again. I'm going to puke just from looking at it, okay?

A bunch of dogs from the planning team came out to get beaten up. Even if they were lazy, they wouldn't steal like this. Would it kill them to change the model?

"This damage is too exaggerated!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care, but it did not mean that his teammates did not care either. Even Ya Tu, who was holding a golden shield, had a solemn expression on his face at this moment. He was frightened by the exaggerated attack power of the [Mercenary's Corpse] which he had strengthened once.

"Is this really a normal monster? It's almost comparable to a Bronze Boss of the same level."

Fengxing also complained at the side, "And this Health Points, this Defense, this speed, other than having a Magic Defense of 0, no skill explosion, and no need to worry about being instakilled, there are basically no flaws."

"It's just a skeleton monster. It doesn't have any intelligence and is limited by the aggro system. If we cooperate well, we can kill it without any injuries."

Seeing that their morale was low, Yatu quickly consoled them, "Furthermore, we have a pervert like Brother Weeping Soul. Fighting a BOSS is like killing a chicken. The battle will not last more than 30 seconds. There's no problem. Everyone, rest assured."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

When did I become a pervert?

You b * tch, how can you defame others for no reason?

Did you lose your mind, or do you think I can't hold the knife?

"Same old rules. You guys go ahead, I'll go first."

Qin Sheng took the lead and charged forward, ignoring Yatu, the cheater, and ignoring what he was saying to his subordinates.

These skeletons, in Qin Sheng's eyes, were like mobile experience babies. Hurry up and get into the bowl!

Reality proved that the scumbag skeleton that made Yatu and the others worry was still scumbag. It was not enough.

Even though this group of fellows had strengthened quite a bit compared to the second level, it was merely a slight change and did not have a qualitative leap. They could only be thrashed by Qin Sheng in this aspect.

Another half an hour passed.

Qin Luo Sheng opened his stats window and looked at his level 17 80.55% experience value. He was very satisfied.

According to the system's nature, after killing the Boss on the third level, the EXP should be no less than 35W + from Feng Mu. In other words, after killing the Boss, he would be able to level up to level 18.

Awesome!

In the end, it was still a hidden quest, a hidden map, a special monster, and a powerful BOSS that gave him high EXP. It had only been a short while and he was about to level up twice. This leveling speed was like riding a rocket.

"Let's pull the monsters!"

Qin Luo and Yatu looked at each other and nodded. Yatu understood and walked into the restricted area with his shield.

"Who dares to step into the forbidden area and disturb our slumber?"

It was another familiar tone, a familiar line.

Qin Qin Sheng's forehead was full of black lines. He was already thoroughly disappointed with those game planners from Fate Corporation who were too lazy to play a single game.

"Eh, it's actually a girl?"

Yatu's exclamation was heard. At the same time, he, who was closest to the Boss, also used Probing Skill and shared the Boss' attributes in the team channel.

[Water God—Water Sprite (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 16

Health Points: 350,000

Mana: 250,000

Physical Attack: 420

Magic Attack: 3750

Physical Defense: 1,500

Magic Defense: 2,500

Speed: 350

Skills:???

Introduction: Shui Linglong originated from a group of deep-sea fishmen. She is a member of the royal family of the fishmen, the mermaid. She was worshipped as the queen by the water dwellers since she was young and commanded an entire region. Due to her exceptional talent, her compatibility with the water element was extremely high. Her strength increased rapidly and she annexed many surrounding tribes. Coincidentally, the Mercenary King led his mercenary group to search for treasure at the bottom of the sea. When they met, it was at the critical moment when Shui Linglong shed her skin and shed her scales. Due to the betrayal of a traitor, she was rescued by the Mercenary King. In order to repay the favor, Shui Linglong joined the mercenary king's team for a period of time and completed a secret mission for him. Once, he single-handedly defended against the invasion of the evil water dwellers. Water magic was shocking and ever-changing in his hands. Vortexes, water pressure, corrosion, ice, frost, water vapor, and water vapor. To exterminate a million water dwellers, Shui Linglong was extremely ferocious. "