Chapter 190: Divine Arrow—Goumang!

"F*ck, hold on, hold on. The hatred has reached me."

After all, he was an elite player of the Elegance Room and had seen the world before. Even though he was shocked, he still displayed an extremely high level of self-restraint. He quickly adjusted his mentality and shifted his attention back to his own battlefield. After a round of chaos, he finally stabilized the situation and restored the tempo to how it was before.

Another minute later!

The corpses of the mercenaries who had been surrounded and beaten by nine shameless fell to the ground. They were rewarded with 840 EXP and a piece of equipment.

If it was in the past, he would definitely be overjoyed.

However, at this moment, they turned to look at the man who had killed five mercenaries more than twenty meters away and was now dealing with three mercenaries at the same time. Their mouths were filled with bitterness.

Was the gap really that great?

Such combat strength was utterly not on the same level, alright?

Even if the nine of them worked together, it would still take them two minutes to finish off one monster. As for the other party, he had already killed five monsters in two minutes. It was simply terrifying to be able to do it so effortlessly.

Besides…

Not only was he able to kill them easily in a one-on-one fight, he was even able to take on the attacks of three monsters. He was like a casual stroll in the park, weaving through the three monsters like a butterfly weaving through flowers. He did not even touch the corner of his clothes. On the other hand, his casual attacks were filled with sword qi, and the damage was easily five to six thousand. If it was a critical hit, it would break through ten thousand.

What the heck was this?

Could the current players deal such terrifying damage?

Isn't this too explosive?

"Hai, I've really become a frog in a well this time!"

Everyone looked at each other and smiled bitterly.

Initially, they thought that even if they were not as good as the legendary Weeping Soul Beast, they were not too far off. They were all players and old birds, how could they fly?

Who would have thought that he would really soar into the sky?

“Don’t compare yourself to him. He’s a hangman, a monster.”

As if sensing that his subordinate's confidence had been affected, Ya Tu, who was the boss, comforted them. "You've seen his battle videos, right? Now that you're watching his battle from a close distance, what do you think?—I have to admit that there are indeed geniuses in this world. Those geniuses that ordinary people can't even hope to reach, let alone catch up to, even their backs can't be seen."

Everyone:…

‘ That’s enough, Chief. Stop talking.’

Are you trying to comfort us or are you trying to attack us?

If you don’t know how to talk, don’t say it. Shut your mouth. Watch and learn.

Half an hour later…

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

With a flash of golden light, Qin Luo successfully reached Rank 17!

"This is really a leveling ground!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt extremely comfortable.

The experience points of the monsters here were really too high. Even in a team, each of them could still give more than 800 points. It was simply crazy.

Furthermore, the monsters here were all Undying-type. After being subdued by [Life Suppliant], his damage was higher, and his efficiency in killing monsters was greatly increased. He did not need to expend much effort at all. In fact, it was even easier than when he was at the mass grave. It was perfect.

"Is there no other way?"

Everyone was immersed in the joy of their experience points and equipment exploding. Unknowingly, they had reached the end of the road.

"Which junior dares to intrude into our sleeping place?"

Just as Qin Luo and the others spread out to search for any traps or teleportation arrays, the earth shook and mountains shook. Accompanied by a deep growl, a handsome man holding a longbow appeared.

Probing skill!

[Godly Arrow—Goumang (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 15

Health Points: 350,000

Mana: 28,000

Physical Attack: 4200

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,500

Magic Defense: 300

Speed: 400

Skills:???

Introduction: Goumang, a divine archer of the Elf race. He used to belong to the Elven Kingdom's Guardian Corps Archery Battalion. For unknown reasons, he left the Elf race and wandered the continent. He became a ranger and met the Mercenary King when he was wandering. He was subdued by him and joined his mercenary team. He became a marksman in the team. He never missed an arrow. It was said that an arrow pierced through nine Orcs. He was known as the "divine arrow".

"It's the Boss!"

The information from the detection spell was shared in the team channel, and Yatu and the others were immediately on guard.

“Are you greedy humans coveting our treasures again?”

Standing with his bow, Goumang did not waste any time. He pulled the bowstring and looked straight at Qing Si and her cute father with his eagle-like eyes.

Even though he was dead, his battle instincts were still present. Goumang immediately sensed who was the greatest threat. Furthermore, the Undying and Light elements were natural enemies. It was not surprising that his primary target were two priests.

"Brother Yatu, step back. Don't injure yourselves."

Qin Luo Sheng's body moved and a Shadow Assault suddenly appeared before Goumang. He slashed down heavily with his sword. "Leave this guy to me."

Clang…

The critical strike of the Heavy Cleave was about to hit its target when Goumang quickly retracted his hand. At the critical moment, he used his longbow to block Qin Luo Sheng's [Coiling Dragon Water].

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed slightly. "As expected of the former Mercenary King's teammate. Your combat instincts and combat experience are truly terrifying. Unfortunately, you're already dead. Your strength has fallen to such a state. No matter how strong your combat abilities are, you'll still be crushed by absolute strength."

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Clever!"

"Sirius!"

Qin Sheng's speed and attack skyrocketed after using three consecutive augmentation skills.

"Do you want to pull away? Unfortunately, I'm a Shadow Warrior!"

He watched as Goumang Qin Sheng, who had taken advantage of the time when he was using the augmentation skill, retreated rapidly. Then, his body transformed into a stream of light and instantly appeared beside Goumang. He slashed down heavily.

-37,556!

A huge critical damage number floated above Goumang's head.

With just one attack, he had used up 10% of his HP.

"F*ck, awesome!"

"Boss Weeping Soul, 666!"

"How can this guy be so powerful? That BOSS's Defense is clearly 1,500!"

"Are you still underestimating him?"

"Wow, this man, this man, he looks like he's going to scream!"

"…"

Meanwhile, Ya Tu and the others had already turned on the recording system to record the battle as they watched Qin Luo and Goumang hand over hand.

They had never expected that Qin Sheng would give them such a big surprise right at the start.