Chapter 192: Super Skill—Holy Prayer

He had a Gold-tier longbow, a Silver Thief Gauntlet, a Silver Magician Helmet, and a Silver cloth robe that was commonly used by Magicians.

This explosion was not bad!

To think that a Silver-tier Boss would drop a Gold-tier longbow. His luck was really good.

"Roll it!"

Qin Luo shrugged and gave up.

"How can we do that? We didn't do anything from the start to the end. It should be all yours, Brother Weeping Soul."

Yatu refused.

"There's nothing I can use!"

Qin Luo did not accept it. "Since you've joined this team, you're a member of the team. The rules that should be followed cannot be broken."

"That's true. However, we have been watching the entire battle and did not even bother to join in the fun. I feel ashamed."

Yatu smiled bitterly. "How about we buy it at market price?"

He didn't even want the equipment?

Do you rich people have no place to spend money?

"Fine, fine, whatever!"

Time was precious and Qin Sheng did not want to dwell on it. He said, "The market price is 70% off."

"Sure!"

This time, Yatu did not refuse and nodded in agreement.

"Boss, I want the arm guard. Add me as a friend and we'll trade." As the only Bandit in the team, the Silver Bandit arm guard naturally belonged to Shadow. After obtaining the equipment, he hurriedly said to Qin Sheng while grinning from ear to ear.

"Boss, I want a friend too."

Qin Sheng:…

Qin Sheng had also received the price of four pieces of equipment. It was about 100 gold coins and close to 70W + RMB.

"Oh right, I have a skill book here. Who wants it?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the green hair and suddenly remembered that the system had once rewarded him with a skill book. It was used by priests and had been in his backpack for who knew how long. He had originally wanted to sell it to the green hair, but unfortunately, he had never had the chance to do so. Now that they had met, he took it out.

[Holy Prayer (Epic)] uses a certain amount of mana to pray to God with a pious heart. With the power of God, it can revive the bones of the dead! Requirement: Light Priest, 200 points of spirit!

"Gosh, an Epic Skill Book?"

When the skill book was shared in the team channel, everyone exploded.

This was not an equipment but a Skill Book. It would not be eliminated and could be used until death.

At the current stage, even though the drop rate of Skill Books was very low, there were still too many players. There would definitely be quite a number of lucky people who dropped them.

Most of the people present were not short of money. Other than the skills that they could learn from the system, they had also received many useful skills.

However, what skills did they learn?

Normal white skills without grades, some black iron skills, at most bronze skills, had very little effect. Even silver skills were hard to come by, let alone higher gold skills.

As for the Epic Skill, he had never even thought about it.

And now, an Epic Skill Book was placed in front of them. It was a skill used by the most important Cleric in the team. This was simply crazy.

"Brother Weihun, you are really…”

With a complicated expression, Yatu said resentfully, "The two pieces of Epic equipment in your shop are only for display and not for sale. Now, you actually took out a skill book to sell…"

Everyone understood what Yatu meant. For a moment, their eyes were filled with confusion.

‘ Don’t ask. If you do, you value your lover over your friend.’

"Hmph, pervert!"

The eccentric Mu Mu wasn’t like the others who still held reverence in their hearts. He immediately muttered, “Hmph, my Big Sister Qing Si won’t like you.”

Qin Sheng:…

Young lady, are you thinking too much?

I didn't sell the Netherworld Scepter to you. Do you have to slander me like this?

"I got this skill book a long time ago. I forgot it in my backpack because I had too many things to do. Now I remember it."

Qin Luo Sheng explained, "It's not that the two pieces of equipment are not for sale. It's just that I still need to rely on them to attract my attention before the time comes. Besides, they are items that can only be worn at Level 20. What's the use of selling them to you guys now?"

There was no need to explain.

We get it.

"Forget it, think whatever you want."

Qin Sheng gave up when he saw the disbelief on everyone's faces.

"Three million!"

At this moment, Qing Si shouted her bid. The cute baby's father, who had been feeling restless, immediately lowered his head and raised his hands in surrender.

What the f*ck, three million yuan? Was he treating money as money?

With this money, wouldn't it be nice to buy milk powder for our cute baby?

After all, she came from a big family. She was so rich that she couldn't afford to offend her!

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng was startled by Ye Qing Si's offer and agreed without any hesitation.

The price of this skill book was really hard to determine, especially for an Epic-ranked skill that had never appeared before. It was definitely the best in the current stage. Even for Qin Luo Sheng himself, he only had one Epic-ranked skill—Berserk Strike, excluding the Heavenly Wolf Sacred Body. The other skills were at most Gold.

However, was the Epic stage really worth three million yuan?

This was what it meant to be benevolent and wise.

To normal players, it was definitely impossible. Even if they had the money, they would definitely not buy it. Three million was money that many people could not earn in their entire lives. Wasn't it good to use it to buy a house and a car? To actually buy a skill book from the virtual world, was there something wrong with his brain?

However, to rich tycoons, three million was just a small sum. It could increase their own abilities, and it was a huge increase. Spending this bit of money was completely acceptable. They could even treat this as an investment.

If one's ability became stronger, they would be able to join a better team. The chances of obtaining good equipment and good items would increase. Once they obtained good items, they could either continue to strengthen themselves or sell them for money. Wouldn't the initial investment be back?

So…

Why was it that the poorer one was, the richer one was?

That was it.

It was difficult to turn money into money out of thin air, but it was very simple.

Ding… transaction successful, you have lost skill book * 1! '

The transaction was successful. Qin Sheng earned three million yuan. If not for the fact that he had to maintain the image of a "Weeping Soul" expert, he almost could not resist dancing a song on the spot to vent his excitement. Meanwhile, Qing Si had also obtained the Skill Book she wanted and immediately learned it without hesitation.

"Sister Qing Si, how's the effect of the skill? Let me see!"

Other than Qin Sheng who knew a thing or two about Epic-ranked techniques, no one else present, including Yatu, had ever seen one before. They were all very curious. Little Chili Mu Mu immediately held Qin Luo's hand and asked to see it.

Azuresilk nodded helplessly and shared the effect of the skill in the team channel—

[Holy Prayer] prayed to God with a pious heart. With the power of God, it could revive the dead. Effect: 1,000 Mana Points. Activate on a single target, increase all attributes by 50%. In an instant, remove all DEBUFFs on the target and restore them to their peak state. Cooldown: 3 hours! Effect: 2. Consumes 1,000 Mana Points to activate on a single target and revive it. Cooldown: 30 minutes!