Chapter 195: Skill Book: Wind Blade Dance (2)

"This is really far!"

He was a true mage after all. Feng Mu's teleportation was much stronger than Goumang's as an archer. He dodged twenty meters away from Qin Luo Sheng, preventing him from catching up to him immediately.

"So what if you teleported? It's just a death struggle. You only have 30,000 plus Health Points, what can you do?"

Qin Luo Sheng charged forward ferociously like a mad dog. He had an attitude of not giving up until he was bitten to death. His high speed movement speed was truly explosive, and he closed in so quickly that Feng Mu had no chance to catch his breath.

"You've gone too far!"

Unable to avoid the battle, Feng Mu stopped running. With a move of his arm, magic power began to gather. At the critical moment of life and death, he was prepared to take the final gamble.

"Wind Blade Dance!"

He raised his scepter high into the air. The green mage on the tip of the scepter shone brightly. In an instant, countless wind blades gushed out like sharp blades, slashing towards Qin Sheng who was charging towards him.

"He has some skill!"

Qin Luo Sheng was also shocked. He secretly sighed at how powerful Feng Muzhi was. Indeed, as described in the introduction, he was a genius born to be compatible with wind sprites. He could actually use such a wide-range magic as if it was instantaneous.

Unfortunately…

Once upon a time, Brilliant was a terrifying existence that could use forbidden spells and wipe out 100,000 troops by himself. Now, he was nothing more than a withered bone in a grave. Even though his body's instincts were still present when he was alive, he was still an Undying type monster. His strength had dropped to such an extent and he was only a Level 16 Silver Enhanced Boss. It was too miserable.

"Spiritual Light, effect 1!"

Ding… Spiritual Light effect triggered, reducing damage by 30% for 10 seconds!

"Heart of Courage!"

Ding… Heart of Courage effect activated. All attributes increased by 50% for 1 minute!

"Ice Skin!"

Ding… Ice Skin effect triggered, Health Points upper limit increased by 100%, Mana Point upper limit increased by 100%, and instantly restored to full state. Defense increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

The speed of the forward dash was too fast, and the brakes were not fast enough.

On top of that, Qin Sheng did not want to give up the opportunity to give chase and let Feng Mu pull away. Otherwise, with his attainments in wind magic, it would really be very difficult for him to get close again.

Thus…

He chose to take it head on.

After all, he was a BOSS with 4000 Mana Attack. Even though he was weakened by 20% by the Berserk Strike and by the Dark Priest, the Apostle, he still had to show some respect.

In particular, his magic defense was weak to begin with. In addition, the wind blades would definitely increase his damage, as well as [Life Supplication] 's negative DEBUFF (Damage + 20%). Qin Sheng did not dare to just stick close to him and take a beating.

A Spiritual Light and a Heart of Courage not only reduced damage by 30%, but also increased Defense by 50%, and increased Health Points by 50%. It was basically impossible to be instakilled.

Furthermore!

In order to be safe, Qin Sheng did not hide his trump card and even used his ice muscles. The amplification was simply explosive.

The magic defense was low, so the enhancement effect was naturally weak as well. Not to mention for now, but his health points had already increased to more than 60,000. Even if he accepted all the wind blades that Feng Mu used, he might not necessarily die.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In the face of the dense swarm of wind blades, Qin Sheng was like a moth flying towards a flame. He went forward to meet them and allowed them to slash his body.

-4105!

-4105!

-4105!

…

Numerous damage numbers appeared above Qin Sheng's head continuously. In just a second, he had suffered at least seven or eight wind blades' attacks. His long health bar dropped like a cliff and instantly evaporated by more than half.

"What the f*ck? That terrifying?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. This was an attack after his attributes had been reduced by 25%. Why was the damage so much higher than before? Every attack could take out his 4,000 plus health points that had increased his defense?

"He's a big shot after all. He was mighty when he was alive, but he's still mighty even after he died."

Qin Luo Sheng's face turned red as he recalled his foolish idea of taking on all the wind blades with bursting confidence earlier. He could not afford to offend, could not afford to offend!

However…

And that was it!

"I did not take the damage head-on for nothing. In this second, with the speed of the explosion, I had already charged into the effective range of the skill. In this battle, I, Qin Sheng, won."

"Instant Slash!"

After crossing the ten-meter-long distance, Qin Sheng's body was like a stream of light as he suddenly passed through the dense group of wind blades and appeared in front of Feng Mu, who was standing behind him. The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] slashed heavily at Feng Mu, who was barely reacting.

-2,8552!

200% of damage had cut off almost 30,000 HP from Feng Mu. However, close to 30,000 HP was still not enough for 30,000 HP. Therefore, Feng Mu did not die and only had a little bit of HP left.

"Wind Shield!"

On the verge of death, Feng Mu panicked and hurriedly cast a magic shield on himself, covering his entire body.

"Turtle shell? It's useless!"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed. [Coiling Dragon Water] pierced out like a rain of pear blossoms.

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

In just one second, five consecutive stabs!

The first strike, the magic shield did not move at all.

The second strike caused the magic shield to ripple slightly.

On the third strike, the magic shield began to crack.

The fourth strike caused cracks to appear on the magic shield.

With the fifth strike, the magic shield completely exploded.

"Goodbye, Feng Mu!"

Qin Luo turned his body slightly and his left hand slashed gently across Feng Mu's body with the edge of the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier.

-13,558!

With a simple critical hit, Feng Mu's last bit of health was depleted.

Ding… congratulations on killing level 15 Silver Boss Divine Arrow—Feng Mu. Reward: 3500 experience and 900 reputation points! '

Another 350,000 experience points entered his account. Awesome!

"Eh, there's a skill book?"

Qin Sheng, who was about to use the Collecting Skill, suddenly discovered an ancient book lying in the pile of equipment under the starlight. His eyes immediately lit up.

It had been a while.

They had killed thousands of monsters in the mass grave, but they had not even seen the skill book.

It was the same after killing three Level 20 Gold Bosses. Other than equipment, there were also rocks and materials. Not to mention skill books, scrolls, blueprints, and so on, he didn't even see any. He was really poor.

Now that a Silver Boss had dropped a Skill Book, what else could Qin Sheng say? He could only lament that fate played tricks on people. Fate was unpredictable. The drop rate of this dog R's Fate World was really f*cking weird and irritating.

"If you want to drop Skill Books, can't you wait for me to kill the Boss by myself? When the time comes, I can have it for myself. Even if I can't use it, I can still use Starlight Miracle Transcendence to sell it. Skill Books are rare goods and will definitely fetch a good price."

But you f*cking insisted on making me explode when I'm in a team with someone else. In front of everyone's eyes, unless it's something that I can use, I can secretly sublimate it and learn it. Once I enter my own skill column, no one will know about it, so I won't expose the Starlight Miracle. But what if it's a Skill Book from another job? Even if I'm in Roll, I won't dare sublimate it. After all, I know everything about it. If the grade of the Skill Book increases, I can see through it at a glance.

"Wow, another big hit. This is great!"

Mu Mu took two steps and ran over. She looked at the starlight on the ground and her eyes started to sparkle. "See what dropped. Is there anything I can use?"

"I don't know. Take a look for yourself." Qin Sheng glanced at Little Chili speechlessly and shared the skill book he had picked up in the team channel.

[Dance of the Wind Blades (Silver)] costs a certain amount of mana to summon a large number of wind blades to attack enemies within a certain range! Requirement: Level 15 wind mage!