Chapter 193: Wind God Feng Mu

"Hiss…"

All of a sudden, everyone gasped.

Even Qin Sheng was frightened.

Wasn't this skill too awesome?

One skill, two effects, excluding revival, the first ability was the strongest in the support world!

Increase all attributes by 50%, remove all DEBFF instantly, and recover to full health?

Explosion!

"Too strong, I am willing to call you the first Light Priest of Fate Dimension!"

The cute boy's father, who was also a Light Priest, was dumbfounded. He even regretted being scared off by the price of the green hair. If he had known that the Epic Skill was so powerful, he would have fought for it no matter what.

Not only did a skill have two effects, every effect was so BUG. With this skill and his ability, it wasn't a dream for him to join the fixed team of the guild leader. By then, wouldn't he be able to earn back a mere three million?

Unfortunately…

There was no medicine for regret in the world.

Besides, even if he followed the bid, would Azure Hair not raise the price? Her father knew very well what little assets he had. If he wanted to snatch something from the eldest daughter of the Qi family, he would probably be dreaming.

"As expected of an Epic Skill. This effect is ferocious!"

Yatu was also amazed.

As the president of the Elegance Room, the amount of resources he had was unimaginable for ordinary people.

Even so, he had only obtained Gold Skills at best. He had never even seen an Epic Skill before.

Initially, he thought that it would be impossible for such a thing to exist at the current stage of the game. Who knew that he would witness it today?

Looking at [Holy Prayer] and then at his own skill, his mouth was filled with bitterness.

This was a completely different dimension!

Not to mention the strength of the skill, just based on the two effects of one skill alone, it would completely surpass the golden skill.

"Let's go to the next level!"

Yatu was very happy that his team's Cleric had such a powerful skill. As a Shield Specialist who could resist MTs, he took the key Goumang had dropped from Mumu and opened the door that Goumang had only appeared after he died. He said, "This should be a trial for challenging the levels. It's similar to a beginner dungeon. Killing the Boss guarding the levels will give 100% the key to the next level."

Second level!

The environment did not change much. The monsters did not seem to have changed much. They still looked like skeletons. However, compared to the skeletons on the first level, the luster on their bodies seemed to be more solid.

Probing skill!

[Corpses of Mercenaries (Enhanced 2 Star Elite)]

Level: 16

Health Points: 200,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 650

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 250

Skills: None

Introduction: The corpses of ordinary mercenaries follow the former mercenary kings. After they die, their corpses are brought into the tomb of the mercenary kings and they sleep together.

Indeed!

Level 16 Enhanced 2 Star Elite monsters had a significant increase in strength.

"I'll go up first, you guys can do whatever you want!"

Qin Luo Sheng pulled out two single-handed swords, threw down a sentence, and charged straight ahead. He did not care if he would attract the attention of the monsters at the side. He opened his arms wide and went all out.

It did not matter even if these ants were besieged. Such weak attacks only dealt a little over a thousand damage to them.

With Qin Luo's current attack power, if it landed on the [Corpses of Mercenaries] with a defense of only 650 points, it could easily reach 5000-6000 and break through 10,000.

Under such violent damage, the 20% Life-Steal ability of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was extremely abnormal. It could easily suck back the lost health points.

Besides…

Because his attack speed was not weak, it was enough for Qin Luo to slash twice. The monster would only attack once. This way, it could completely withstand the damage and attack without any injuries. It could even suck blood and even overflow.

Of course, there was one bad thing about doing this, which was that the armor's endurance was depleted very quickly. Repairing it would definitely hurt his wallet.

If it were before, Qin Sheng would never have done so.

But now, with the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, a gold mine that could be unearthed endlessly, the repair fees were nothing.

If he could save a lot of time and gain experience points as soon as possible, even Qin Luo would be willing to pay ten times the repair fee.

The map space on the second level was much smaller than the first level, and the density of monsters was also much lower. However, the EXP was still a lot, at least 30% more than the monsters on the first level.

After clearing the monsters, all the monsters were KO-ed. The huge amount of EXP allowed the three girls in the team, Green Hair, Mumu, and Dazzling Dancing Fire, to successfully reach Level 15.

"Let's begin!"

After resting for a while and replenishing his hunger, Ya Tu held his shield and walked forward. He said with a serious expression, "Everyone, pay attention. I'm going to lure the monsters."

"Who are you? How dare you trespass into our sleeping grounds?"

After taking a few cautious steps, the familiar shaking of the mountains descended once more. A young man wearing a green robe and holding a staff appeared before Qin Luo Sheng's group.

Probing skill!

[Wind God—Feng Mu (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 16

Health Points: 300,000

Mana: 150,000

Physical Attack: 380

Magic Attack: 4000

Physical Defense: 1000

Magic Defense: 2,500

Speed: 350

Skills:???

Introduction: Feng Mu is a genius of the Wind Clan. It is said that he is a descendant of the Wind Elemental Spirit from the ancient era. He believed in the Wind God. He inherited the secret place that the Wind God comprehended before he became a god. The Wind Spirit Cave. The children of the Wind Clan have to be placed in the cave from a young age. If they can obtain the recognition of the pure Wind Spirit, they will be able to obtain the family's secret skill inheritance. The Wind Spirit that Feng Mu obtained is extremely pure. He is regarded as one of the successors of the family. When he left the continent, he joined the mercenary king's team. His wind magic is superb. He once cast a forbidden spell and summoned a violent tornado. He tore apart the Orc kingdom's advance troops of 100,000 soldiers. He is known as the "Wind God"!

"Wind magic boss? I like it!"

The information sent back by the detection technique delighted Qin Sheng.

For a warrior with super high speed, his favorite was naturally a Magician that was as fragile as a chicken. As long as he got close to him, he could basically announce the end. If he was entangled and did not give him a chance to release his magic, it would be a one-sided beating.

"Give me a buff!"

Qin Luo turned around and said to Ya Tu and the others, "This guy is a wind-type mage. Compared to the other elements, his speed is a little faster. The three of you are basically unable to get close to him in close combat. Protect him from the back. I'll go up and hold him back."

"Alright!" Shield Specialist Yatu, Berserker, ate my blade. Thief Shadow nodded at the same time.

"As for you guys, attack if you can!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at Mu and the others before focusing on the apostle. He said to him, "Your skills have a weakening effect. After I pull the aggro, I'll kill him. Don't worry about the aggro transfer."

The apostle nodded and gestured, "Okay!"