Chapter 199: Level 18

"Dirty thief!"

Water Sprite suddenly screamed, and the water blade vortex in her hand dissipated without magic power.

Qin Sheng, who was sprinting, looked over and saw that Shadow the Thief had already reached Water Sprite's side. He held a cold dagger and used a tricky Backstab to stun Water Sprite, resolving the crisis.

"NICE!"

With a roar, Qin Luo's footsteps did not stop. Taking advantage of the fact that Shui Linglong was being controlled, he finally stepped within ten meters of her.

"Leave the rest to me!"

The Dark Priest and Apostle followed him and used their three skills consecutively. They landed on the stunned and immobile body of Water Sprite, reducing its health points, decreasing its resistance, reducing its attributes, and so on. They cast all sorts of curses to reduce Water Sprite's abilities.

"Instant Slash!"

At the same time, Qin Sheng, who had painstakingly fought his way to the forbidden zone, activated his skill without any hesitation. His body broke free from the clutch of the Li Water under his feet and transformed into a stream of light, charging towards Shui Linglong.

"Die!"

Qin Luo's [Coiling Dragon Li Water], which carried the Flames of Anger, landed heavily on Water Sprite's frail body.

-3,2850!

An extremely violent attack directly cut off almost one-tenth of Shui Linglong's health points.

"Water ripple!"

As two men approached her, one was engaged in a fierce battle while the other was a bandit. As a magician, Shui Linglong expressed her “I don’t want to go to the Lu Clan”, wanting to pull away at the first moment. With a wave of her staff, waves of water spread out, affecting Qin Luo and An Ying, pushing them away.

"Trying to pull away at this time? Dream on!"

The irresistible pushing force made Qin Luo Sheng retreat continuously. However, before the force dissipated, Qin Luo Sheng's retreating footsteps suddenly stopped, and his body transformed into a stream of light once again. "Shadow Assault!"

It was another sudden slash. Not only did it take away more than 10,000 of Shui Linglong's health points, but it also interrupted her channeling.

"Shadow Stab!"

Water Sprite stiffened, but Qin Sheng did not. With the enhancement of three speed boosting skills, his speed had already exceeded his limits. It took less than a second for him to turn from the front to the back.

"Berserk Strike!"

Ding… your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing Water God—Water Spirit to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%! '

Awesome!

"Don't even think about moving. Go to heaven!"

After accumulating power for one second, Water Spirit recovered from her dizziness. Without hesitation, Qin Sheng sent her flying with a flick of his wrist.

"Attack!"

Attack Speed + 50%. Qin Luo activated the extreme mode of his dual swords and slashed wildly. Sword shadows appeared one after another, striking continuously.

At the same time, Shadow, who had just been forced back by Water Sprite, closed in again. His cold dagger glowed with a cold light and danced wildly. Although his attack was not strong, his attack speed was fast enough to deal a lot of damage.

At the back, an archer and two mages attacked with all their might. Arrows and magic were thrown out without any cost. They accurately hit the motionless Shui Linglong.

Three seconds passed quickly!

With everyone's help, Water Spirit's health points decreased drastically. She only had less than 10% of her health left, and she had already skipped the 20% critical stage of the BOSS. She was on the verge of death.

"Water…"

After getting rid of the stiff Shui Linglong, he prepared to escape.

However, how could Qin Sheng let her have her wish?

"Don't think I don't know that teleportation skills are the standard for magic-type BOSS."

Qin Luo roared, "Stand there and don't move!—Illusionary Spirit Confounding Formation!"

At her waist, the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon flickered with rainbow light, obscuring Shui Linglong's eyes.

In an instant!

The skill name that came out of Smooth As Silk’s mouth didn’t continue, and the glistening water that rose from her body immediately faded.

"Don't hold back, just kill her!"

Qin Sheng did not want to create unnecessary trouble, so he did not care about the bubbling water spirit. As he roared, the two Epic Single Sword Swords in his hands turned into afterimages once again as he prepared to destroy the flower.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A series of piercing sounds rang out.

Arrows with light, fire spells with more explosive power, and pitch-black daggers with a lethal rhythm…

At the last moment, no one cared about anything else. They used their high damage CD skill and tried to kill Water Sprite while it was under control.

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

His teammates had dealt enough damage, and his skills were temporarily in CD mode. There was no follow-up. Qin Sheng did not let them down. With a clean five-hit combo, he successfully cleared Shui Linglong's health bar and killed her on the spot.

Ding… You have killed level 16 Silver enhanced Boss Water God—Water Sprite. EXP gained: 40W, Reputation 1000! '

Water Sprite fell. The system notification followed.

At the same time—

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

A golden light flashed on Qin Luo Sheng's body. The enormous amount of experience points allowed him to level up once again. He had already reached Level 18!

Comfortable!

He added 24 free attribute points to his Strength without hesitation, and his Attack Power increased by another 26 points. Only then did Qin Luo Sheng close his stats window. He looked at Yatu and the others who were surrounding him, squatted down, and began to search for corpses.

"Oh, there are only four pieces of equipment?"

After all, she was a woman.

"However, quantity does not mean everything. Quality decides everything," Qin Luo Sheng said to himself. He did not look at it alone and shared all four pieces of equipment in the team channel.

“What the fuck?”

"Big brother is awesome, Golden Hand!"

"666, Big Boss, how much luck do you have? Three Bosses and two Gold equipment dropped. Furthermore, the Boss is a Silver Boss. Isn't that too strong?"

"Hmph, I can't accept this. It's definitely not my hand that stinks. The system is targeting me, Miss Mu."

"Brother Weihun, I can't stop being pleasantly surprised when I play with you."

"…"

Looking at the few pieces of equipment in the team channel, the group of teammates were overjoyed and their faces brimmed with smiles.

One gold, three silver!

The four pieces of equipment were all good stuff. Such high quality didn't let down her identity as a BOSS.

"I'm sorry, I misunderstood you. Miss Linglong, you're not petty. You're really rich."

Qin Qin Sheng apologized in his heart.

"This Silver Greaves is used by Dark Priests, so I won't stand on ceremony and accept it."

The apostle was the first to bear the brunt of the attack. Qin Sheng and the rest naturally gave up on one of the four pieces of equipment, allowing him to successfully obtain the equipment he wanted. He was so happy that his face was glowing.