Chapter 200: Li Water Monster Core

"Come, come, everyone gets three gold coins as dividend!" The apostles gave out red packets one by one and said, "I am not as rich as Brother Fengxing. This is just a small token. Please do not mind."

"You brat, are you looking for a beating?" Fengxing grabbed the apostle's shoulder and scolded him. His hands were not slow as he took the 3 gold coins and stuffed them into his pocket.

"Priest's Helmet? Sure! Azuresilk, Xiao Meng, you two better roll."

Since they had already made things clear earlier, and this boss had struck a tacit understanding between teammates to eliminate the estrangement, Yatu did not stand on ceremony. He no longer asked Qin Sheng's opinion and began the normal distribution.

“Boss, can you not call me Xiao Meng? I’m a man, and I’m even the father of a child. Please give me some face.” The father smiled wryly.

"Then what should I call you? Baby? Daddy? Or Ah Meng? Daddy?" Yatu glared at him. "Do you still want to take advantage of us? I'll call you Xiao Meng. No negotiation."

Everyone laughed.

Father Meng:…

Roll Point:

Silk Hair: 52

Baby Daddy: 33

Qing Si won!

The Silver Priest's helmet fell directly into Black Hair's backpack.

"Ding! Player Azuresilk will give you 5 gold coins!"

Tsk!

She was indeed a fair, rich, and beautiful woman. She was indeed generous.

The two pieces of equipment earned 8 gold coins, about 5,600 + RMB, which was higher than most people's monthly salary. This money-making speed was really fast.

The last piece of Silver was a Summoner's cloth robe. All the members of the team were ROL. In the end, it was taken away by Little Chili Mumu with 83 points. She was so happy that her little face turned red. She raised her head and puffed out her chest proudly.

[Diamond Iron Shield]

Type: Shield

Grade: Gold

[Unidentified]

Yohou, it was actually a shield.

If he remembered correctly, the shield in Yatu's hand was sold to him back in the Beginner's Village. It was also Gold grade.

Although they were both Gold, Gold was also divided into high and low levels. There was a huge gap between high and low Gold equipment. There was also a clear gap between Level 5 and Level 20 Gold equipment.

The shield produced by the Beginner's Village was already level-16. Its effect was definitely not good enough to keep up with the pace.

If not for the fact that it was difficult to obtain good equipment and the effect of the shield was strong enough, it would have been eliminated long ago. Now that this shield was dropped, Yatu got what he wanted and could finally replace the soul equipment of a Shield Specialist.

Ding… Player Yatu will trade you 20 gold coins! '

Hey ~

After all, he was a God-level nouveau riche. Look, this money was given to him. 20 gold coins could be exchanged for almost 104 RMB. He was rich.

After the equipment was allocated, the Augmenting Gems and other items were all looted and taken away. Although they did not know what these items were used for, since they were dropped from the Boss, they were definitely not useless items. They would be finished if they kept them.

"What is this?"

Mumu, who was glad to get a piece of equipment, was in a good mood. Even though this piece of equipment belonged to the Summoner and had nothing to do with her, she was able to fight her way out of the whole team. She was able to dominate the crowd and obtain the equipment ROLL. This proved that she was not of African descent. This was more important than anything else.

“I don’t know either.”

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and shared his spoils of war into the team channel.

[Li Water Monster Core]

Type: Material & Energy Source

Grade: High

Effects: Forging, Weapon Forging, etc.

Introduction: The energy source condensed from the essence of the Ten Great Wondrous Water Li Water. It has a very wide range of uses!

"High-grade materials?"

Yatu's eyes widened in shock. "This is the first time I've seen high-grade materials."

As the president of the Elegance Room, he was in charge of the overall situation. Even though he had many capable subordinates to help him manage the situation, he still had to understand all aspects of the Elegance Room.

This way, he wouldn't be completely clueless. When the time came, he would be deceived by his subordinates. He would be able to mislead them and steal their wealth and resources.

Furthermore, he had invested a lot of money to nurture his secondary job, so he must have remembered it very clearly and paid a lot of attention to it.

Precisely because of this, Yatu knew more clearly than anyone else about the materials—

The materials that the current players could use were basically trashy materials. The things that they could create were also trash. They were almost useless.

This was usually a failure and a waste of materials and energy.

But there was nothing he could do about it. He had just started learning it. What could an apprentice do?

Before his proficiency level rose and his subclass leveled up, he could only spend money crazily. There was no other way.

The sub-occupation players were still in the Enlightenment stage and were unable to use high-grade materials, resulting in a lack of supply and demand. It was the same for Class Advancement players like mining and picking herbs. They could not go to places where good things were produced to collect them. In addition, the combat players were currently weaker and could not kill powerful Bosses to obtain high-grade materials…

With all these factors combined, even a big shot like Yatu would only come into contact with mid-grade materials.

But now, there was actually a high-level material dropped here, and it was a multi-purpose high-level material at that. He couldn’t help but be surprised.

Ordinary players only cared about equipment and gold coins, but in the eyes of the big shots, they cared more about blueprints, formulas, materials, and other things. This was because these were all capital that could make money, and even important strategic resources. It had a huge impact on the layout, invasion, and encroachment.

Unfortunately…

This time, not all of the people who came were from the Elegance Room. Otherwise, this item could be directly eaten by the Elegance Room and placed in their warehouse.

"Brother Weihun, are you interested in this thing?"

Yatu looked at Qin Sheng eagerly and asked, "If you don't have any intentions, why don't you transfer it to me? I'll buy it at a high price and give everyone a bonus."

"Li Shui?"

Qin Luo did not pay attention to Yatu. Instead, he stroked his chin with a contemplative look on his face. It was as if some sort of image had drifted through his mind, but it was vague and indistinct, and he could not grasp it at all.

If you can’t think, then don’t.

Qin Luo returned to his senses and looked at Yatu, who had a slightly yearning look on his face. He asked with a smile, "Brother Yatu is also interested in it?"

To Qin Sheng, who had advanced weapon refinement techniques, high-grade materials were extremely rare. How could he give them away?

However, this item did not come from him alone. It was dropped after everyone killed the BOSS. It could not be monopolized.

"Does Brother Yatu have a way to use it?"

Qin Luo was rather curious.

If Yatu could really use this thing, then no matter how unwilling he was, he could only give it to him.

After all, he was the boss of this trip and had paid his salary. As an employee, it was fine if he had wasted his experience on prostitutes, but how could he fight with the boss for things?

"No!"

Unexpectedly, Yatu simply replied with two words.

Qin Sheng:…