Chapter 3: The Heaven-Defying Starlight Miracle

There was indeed a 2.

However, Qin Sheng did not accept it.

If it was just now, he would have taken it without hesitation.

But it was different now.

If he was right, the monsters they were going to kill were level two monsters.

With his current attributes as a humanoid monster, why would he waste time killing level 2 monsters?

Killing monsters beyond one's level was the way to go.

"Village Chief, this mission is too simple. It's not challenging at all."

Qin Luo said earnestly, "The High Priest entrusted me to investigate the source of the demonic Qi. I have to grow up as soon as possible before I'm qualified to complete this mission. Village Chief, I need your help."

Fortunately, the conversation between every player and NPC was not visible to others. Otherwise, the players at the side would definitely spit out this audacious thing…

Tell the NPC that your mission is too troublesome and you want to change your mission?

Why don't you go to heaven?

Did you own the game and the NPCs are your employees?

You want to change just like that?

Village Chief muttered to himself.

Qin Qin Sheng was very perturbed.

He was also betting on the 500 affinity points, the friendly relationship that he had with his heart, the influence of the demonic aura on the village, and the High Priest.

"Since you have such courage and faith, I, Old Wang, will treat you as one."

Qin Luo smiled.

He had made the right bet!

Ding… Village Chief's mission [Eliminate Demon Wolf], do you accept? '

"Accept!"

Although he did not know what level the Demon Wolf was, it was impossible for it to be level 2.

That was enough.

"Wait!"

Qin Luo turned around and was about to go kill the wolves when the village chief suddenly called out to him. He moved his lips and hesitated for a few seconds before saying, "Wild wolves often run out of the forest after they are demonized, harassing livestock and even attacking villagers. A few days ago, the village organized a hunting team to exterminate the wolves."

"My second son, Wang Xiaomin, has also joined the hunting team. Yesterday, the hunting team sent news that Xiaomin had chased the Wolf King into the Demonized Forest. Until now, there has been no news of him. I would like you to help me look for him. Whether he's dead or alive, I want to see him, whether he's alive or dead."

Ding… You have triggered the hidden mission [Find Wang Xiaomin]. Do you accept? '

"Accept!"

"Don't worry, Village Chief, I will definitely find your son."

Qin Luo's solemn promise.

"Alright, I'll leave it to you then."

…

Breeze Plains.

An endless expanse of green.

A cool breeze blew past, and the grass danced in the wind, swaying like a green blanket on the ground.

The sun was shining and the breeze was refreshing.

It was truly beautiful and magnificent, making one feel relaxed and happy.

Unfortunately, the green colored wild beasts that were shuttling through the grass and the horrifying howls of wolves destroyed this beautiful scene.

"Is this a demonized wolf? This attribute is enough for me to kill."

Qin Luo Sheng spotted the nearest demonized wolf and threw a detection spell over.

Demonized Wild Wolf

Level: LV5

Health: 800

Attack: 85

Defense: 20

Speed: 70

Skills: None

Introduction: Wild wolves infected by demonic Qi become even more vicious and violent. Once they discover their prey, they will lose their rationality and fight to the death.

Other than the fact that their attack power was much weaker, the rest of them were completely destroyed.

“85 Attack Power?”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his defense that was only in his early twenties, then looked at his 1210 HP and smiled disdainfully.

If his attack power was a little higher, he could totally exchange blood for blood and fight head-on.

"Howl…"

As soon as he walked within a one-meter radius of the demonized wolf, he heard it howl and quickly pounced over.

-64!

Qin Luo Sheng deliberately did not dodge or avoid the blow. The damage he received made him gasp.

If not for the fact that the Lord of Stars gave him 1,000 health points, he would have been instakilled.

This damage was something that even a Blood Bull with all its points added could not withstand.

Level 5 versus 1. Under the level suppression, there was basically no suspense.

Unfortunately, the demonized wolf encountered a hanging wall.

-22!

He swung his sword back.

Looking at the damage number floating above the head of the demonized wolf, Qin Sheng felt awkward.

This was the double damage from the critical hit.

If there was no Critical Hit, wouldn't it be only 11 points?

"This attack is too weak."

Qin Qin Sheng was speechless, but there was nothing he could do.

He only had the Beginner's Wooden Sword in his hand, trash among trash with + 3 Attack.

The main reason it could break through defense was because the passive effects of [Lord of Stars] and [Sky Weapon] increased its attack power.

Right, Sky Martial!

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

"Sirius!"

He activated his skill without hesitation.

An indescribable power surged from his body.

Instantly, Qin Sheng's attack power increased by 100%, as did his critical strike chance.

Again!

"Leopard Tu!"

Speed + 100%, Dodge + 100%!

Two skills were enough.

One sword, then another.

Dodge, dodge again.

In an instant, a series of damage numbers appeared above the demonized wolf's head.

-44!

-44!

-42!

-46!

-40!

…

Without exception, all the numbers were yellow, which meant that they were all critical damage.

And Qin Luo…

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

…

Countless MISSES were floating.

The speed of doubling was simply terrifying. With just a slight movement, it could easily trigger a dodge, causing the attack of the demonized wolf to miss.

Ding… You have killed a demonized wild wolf four levels above you. You have received 1.8 times experience increase. Experience points + 160! '

Under the barrage of attacks, the Demonized Wild Wolf could not even last 30 seconds before it died.

"Wow, not bad!"

Level 1 to Level 2 required 500 experience points, and 160 experience points, which increased his experience bar by one-third. Of course, this was not the key. The key was that the sharp-eyed Qin Sheng saw the two pieces of equipment beside the corpse of the demonized wolf.

'Ding… Detected sublimating item, sublimating?

Promotion?

This word—

It seemed very familiar.

Right.

The Lord of the Stars!

[Active Effect] Miracle of Starlight: The light of the stars has a sublimated miraculous power.

This was it. There was no mistake.

"Transcendence!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the equipment. Two pieces of white equipment with mediocre attributes. Even if something were to happen to this trashy equipment, he would not feel the pinch.

[Wolf Fang Short Sword]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Silver

Requirement: Level 3

Effect: Attack + 55, Strength + 7

Special Effect: Tear. After successfully attacking the target, there is a certain chance of tearing the wound and causing continuous bleeding.

Introduction: A short sword made of fine iron mixed with elite wolf teeth. It is sharp and has the sharpness of wolf teeth.

???

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded.

If his memory was not messed up, the Wolf Tooth Short Sword just now seemed to be a white equipment. It was a weak equipment with an Attack + 10?!!

"The sublimation of the Starlight Miracle is to increase the grade of the equipment?"

Qin Luo was stunned.

Talent that could increase the grade of equipment was unheard of. It was like a fantasy story.

However…

There was no other explanation.

“Whether it is or not, we’ll know once we try.”

The Enchanted Wild Wolf dropped two pieces of equipment, and there was one that had yet to be upgraded.

'Ding… Detected sublimating item, sublimating?

"Transcendence!"

[Wolfskin Boots]

Category: Boots

Grade: Black Iron

Requirement: Level 3

Effect: Defense + 5

Introduction: A leather boot made from wolf skin. It has a certain level of defense and is very durable.

That's right, sublimation meant upgrading the equipment's grade.

This time, it was the stone hammer.

The white wolf-skin boots turned into black iron armor right under his eyes. Was there even a need to doubt this?

Although he did not know why the Wolf Fang Short Sword had jumped over the black iron and turned into silver equipment, it was not important.

The miracle of starlight was simply heaven-defying!

Such a bug-level ability could actually be controlled by players?

With it, wouldn't it be equivalent to owning an arsenal? And this arsenal was a nuclear arsenal!

"Amazing, amazing!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with delight as he looked forward to the future even more, especially towards [Lord of All Stars], this super-god talent of Boss, LV1 was already so impressive. LV2, what about LV3, what would it awaken?

"Continue!"

He obtained two pieces of equipment, especially the Wolf Fang Short Sword, which made him drool. It was a pity that he needed level 3 to equip it, so he could only temporarily put it in his backpack to eat dust.

The Skywolf and Leopard Su had to cool down for five minutes. Qin Sheng could not wait that long. He found a demonized wild wolf, picked up the wooden sword, and charged forward.

Without the advantage of absolute speed, his attacks were pathetically weak. This battle was extremely difficult.

The first demonized wolf took less than thirty seconds to slay it.

As for this one, it fought with it for more than five minutes before it finally died.

"Tsk, poor b * stard!"

Qin Sheng wanted to spit when he picked up the three copper coins he had dropped.

His equipment did not drop, but his experience points increased by a large amount. He felt slightly relieved.

The most important thing was that five minutes had passed and the skill's cooldown was over.

Find a wolf.

The Skywolf + Leopard Stab instantly activated.

24 seconds later.

The demonized wolf died!

Ding… you have leveled up. Health + 10, Mana + 10, 10 Free Attribute Points received! '

Awesome!

The Super God Talent was a BUG. Not to mention anything else, just by obtaining double attribute points, leveling up one level was equivalent to leveling up two levels. Was there anything more shameless than this?

Without hesitation, he increased his Attack by 10 points.

"Again!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed wildly as he charged towards another demonized wolf.

Level increase, attack increase, level suppression decrease…

The difference between the two could be seen with the naked eye!

————

Half an hour later!

More than forty demonized wolves turned into vengeful souls under the sword and finally maxed out the 5000 experience points, successfully reaching Level 3.

After changing into the Wolf Fang Short Sword, Wolf Shoes, Wolf Skin Gauntlets, and Wolf Skin Hat, his attack and defense instantly increased by a large margin.

Level 3 kills level 5, experience has returned to normal. There will be no additional experience reward for killing monsters above your level.

Qin Luo Sheng did not change places either because he still had a mission.

After killing 50 demonic wolves and a few more, it was very simple.

The key was to find the son of the village chief, Wang Xiaomin. This was a headache.

"Forget it, let's take it one step at a time. This place is only so big, we can find clues after a thorough search."

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. He picked up the Wolf Fang dagger that he had just replaced and charged towards a newly spawned demonized wolf.

One hour later.

As he killed the wolves, Qin Luo suddenly discovered a camp. He looked at the NPC patrolling at the side and was delighted.

This should be the hunting team that Village Chief had mentioned.

They definitely knew Wang Xiaomin's whereabouts.