Chapter 4: Golden Ring: Wolf Fang

“Who?”

The senses of a hunter were extremely sharp. Qin Sheng had just made a tiny sound when he was discovered. Immediately, several bows and arrows were aimed at him.

"Don't attack, we're on the same side!"

Qin Luo raised his hands and shouted.

Upon seeing that it was a human, the hunters put down their bows.

Ding… Hunter XXX's impression of you + 500… '

In that instant, the system notifications rang non-stop.

The affinity points of all the hunters increased by 500 points, and their friendly relationship became one of sincerity.

"Child, it's very dangerous here. Follow this path back to the village. Our people will patrol the road, so there won't be any danger." The Charm Point MAX was simply a bug. The hunter who almost shot someone with an arrow just now was very concerned and took the initiative to point the way home for Qin Sheng.

"I was entrusted by Village Chief to find Wang Xiaomin's whereabouts."

The hunters fell silent.

"Could it be that Wang Xiaomin has already…"

Qin Sheng frowned and asked when he saw that the atmosphere was not right.

“No, we’re not sure either.”

An old hunter shook his head and said, “A few days ago, we wiped out all the wild wolves from the village to the camp. Just as we were about to set up camp, the Wolf King came with the wolf pack.”

"We fought with all our might, but there were too many wolves, and with the wolf king commanding them, we quickly fell into a disadvantage."

"Seeing that the camp was about to be lost, that child Xiaomin suddenly rushed out of the camp, went past the wolf pack and went straight for the wolf king. He wanted to kill the wolf king, once the wolf king died, the wolf pack would retreat."

"At that time, the situation was dangerous, and this was the only way to break out of the siege. We also wanted to follow them, but we were old and weak and couldn't outrun the wolves. We could only try our best to protect the civilians."

Qin Luo couldn't help but interject, "Then where is he? Did he kill the Wolf King?"

"We don't know either."

The old hunter sighed. "We only heard the wolf king's scream. Soon after, the wolf pack retreated. After that, we went to look for the wolf corpses. We only found the wolf king's corpse on the ground. The wolf king was nowhere to be found, and the little people were also missing."

"Little Min is the best hunter in our village. Although he is young, he is more powerful than my old bones. He is definitely not dead. He must have gone to chase after the Wolf King."

"However, it's been a few days, and the little people haven't even left a secret signal. We've entered the forest several times to search, but we've been forced back and can't go too deep."

The camp fell silent again.

"Tell me the direction. I'll go find Wang Xiaomin."

Qin Luo said.

"Child, this is no joke. The terror of the Enchanted Forest is far beyond your imagination. If you're not careful, you might fall into a trap and lose your life. There are more than just wolves there."

The old hunter advised, "You should bring this news back to the village and ask the village head to seek help from the temple. Recently, there are more monsters and they are becoming more violent. We won't be able to last long with just us."

“Rest assured, I will not joke around with my life.”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled. "Also, the Divine Temple already knows about the demonic creature. The High Priest has already entrusted me to investigate the source of the demonic Qi."

"This time, besides helping the village chief to find Wang Xiaomin, the main reason is that I might be able to start with the demonized wolves and find clues about the animals being demonized.—Also, I just passed through Breeze Plains."

On the altar, the hunters immediately fell silent.

Moreover, to be able to slaughter his way over from the Breeze Plains that were filled with demonized wolves, his strength was definitely not simple.

With such an expert helping him, how could he refuse?

“Since the High Priest is willing to entrust such a heavy responsibility to a brave warrior, we naturally believe in him and will do our best to assist him.”

The old hunter immediately changed his salutation. This was a sign of recognition and respect for the strong. He touched the cloth bag at his waist, took out a map, and handed it over. “This is a map of the Demonized Forest. It was passed down from my grandfather. I hope it will be of some help to you. Also, there’s some dried meat and water here. Bring them along as well.”

Ding… You have obtained item: Map x1, Meat jerky x20, Clear Water x20! '

“Thank you.”

Qin Luo Sheng did not refuse. He nodded his head and took it. Then, he bade farewell to everyone and ran in the direction of the guidance.

Meat jerky: Recovers 20 Health Points per second after consumption, lasts for 10 seconds!

Clear Water: Recovers 20 Mana per second after drinking, lasts for 10 seconds!

Oh, so it was another kind of life potion and magic potion.

Not bad!

With the potion, he had more confidence in his next mission.

Normal monsters did not matter, but the Wolf King was definitely a BOSS.

It was one thing to fight a BOSS one on one, but to not even take drugs?

Did he think of himself as Superman or the Boss as his younger brother?

With the map, it would be convenient. He did not need to scout ahead by himself and was not afraid of taking the wrong path.

Qin Sheng finally arrived at the entrance of the forest after killing dozens of demonized wolves.

"Howl…"

A huge wolf cub suddenly appeared and blocked the way.

[Enchanted Wild Wolf Guard (1-star Elite)]

Level: LV5

Health: 1,800

Attack: 150

Defense: 50

Speed: 80

Technique: [Heavy Claw] [Sharp Tooth Bite]

Introduction: The elites among the wolves have stronger bodies, sharper senses, and better hunting abilities. They are chosen as the Wolf King's guards. They are usually responsible for protecting the Wolf King and are occasionally sent to scout territory and hunt for food.

Elite monster?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes instantly lit up.

This type of monster was between a normal monster and a BOSS-level monster. It was a type of strengthened monster.

Of course, that was not the main point.

The main point was that Elite monsters had high experience and drop rate—also high!

"You're really like a pillow when you're sleepy. Did you know that I was looking for your boss, so you specially came to give me a wave of warmth?" Qin Luo Sheng brandished the Wolf Fang dagger and sneered, "Then I really have to thank you. Coincidentally, I still lack a good armor. I hope you can give me some strength and satisfy my request."

"Sirius!"

"Divine Flash!"

He had no intention of testing the waters. A 1-star Elite was not even comparable to the weakest BOSS. It was not worth wasting time. Hence, he immediately used his cheat and ended the battle quickly.

Qin Luo, who was already level 3, leveled up three times. Other than the first time, he only had 5 free attribute points. The other two times, his free attribute points doubled because of the effect of the Lord of the Stars.

He had a total of 25 Free Attribute Points, which were all piled on his Strength. In addition to his original 20 Strength, the Wolf Fang Short Sword added 7 Strength and 55 Attack—

107!

This was Qin Sheng's current attack power.

Chapter 107: After The Double of the Sirius, It Turned Into 214!

A level 3 player's attack power was not only over 100, but also doubled.

It was unbelievable.

But this was the truth. It was a normal operation.

What was the phenomenon when an attack of 214 landed on the Demonized Wolf Guard which only had 50 points of defense?

-328!

-328!

-328!

-328!

-328!

…

Endless explosive damage flashed above the demonized wolf guard's head.

In contrast…

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

…

MISS kept appearing above Qin Luo's head.

After activating the Divine Flash, he was invincible.

Its speed had increased by more than 160 times, twice that of the demonized wolf guard. Even without the 100% increase in speed, it could forget about touching a single hair on Qin Sheng's body.

The battle only lasted for about ten seconds. The Demonized Wild Wolf Guard, which was supposed to be a Hunter, was killed in return. Its huge body collapsed with a loud bang, and equipment and items dropped all over the ground.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo heaved a huge sigh of relief.

Although the battle was a one-sided steamroll, he had to stay focused. Such a state was extremely draining on his stamina and energy. Even though it was only for half a minute, he still felt a little tired.

However, when he saw the twinkling stars on the ground, his fatigue was instantly replaced by excitement and agitation.

Without any hesitation, he swept away all the spoils of war and stuffed them all into his backpack. Only then did he slowly count them one by one.

Three pieces of equipment, two stones, a skill book, and about 87 silver coins.

It was truly a huge explosion.

He looked at the three pieces of equipment first. There was nothing else to say. He directly threw out three "Starlight Miracles".

What attracted Qin Sheng's attention the most was undoubtedly the ring-shaped piece.

[Wolf Fang]

Type: Ring

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Health Points + 100, Strength + 10, Constitution + 10

Special Effect: [Spirit Summoner] consumes 100 Mana. Summons one Wolf Spirit to fight for you. Maximum duration is 60 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes.

Introduction: Using the Wolf King’s Tooth as the main ingredient, it is made by adding precious metals and supplementary materials. Due to the Wolf King’s aura, it has the power to summon the Wolf Spirit.

Holy shit!

Gold ring?

Qin Luo's breathing paused.

According to the official information, players had five pieces of regular equipment. They were helmets, armor, gauntlets, shoes, and weapons. Special equipment included necklaces, earrings, rings, belts, and jade pendants.

Regular equipment was everywhere, but special equipment had a very low drop rate.

He did not expect an Elite monster to drop a ring. It was really here to give him warmth.

Of course, it was impossible to obtain a Gold Ring. It was not even a Boss. At most, it would drop a Bronze Peak.

This ring was definitely the Starlight Miracle that had triggered the Exploding Rank. It had skipped the Silver Rank and entered the Gold Rank.

The ring was indeed a special equipment. Look at its attributes—

Health Points + 100, Strength + 10, Constitution + 10.

It was equivalent to + 200 Health Points, 10 Attack Points and 10 Defense Points.

A Rank 5 ring was already so powerful.

Unfortunately, even after killing the Demonized Wild Wolf Guard to level up, it was still only level 4. It still needed to level up before it could be equipped. He could only let it lie in his backpack.

Next—

[Wolfskin Soft Armor]

Type: Armor

Grade: Silver

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Defense + 50, Constitution + 3

Special Effect: After [Tenacity] is attacked, there is a chance to reduce the damage by 25%.

Introduction: Using the wild wolf skin as the main material, it is a soft armor made by a seamstress. It has a certain degree of resistance and is extremely effective against cold.

There was nothing to say about the mediocre armor.

However, it was a timely help.

Because he was still wearing beginner's clothing.

After killing a few hundred wolves, he had dropped more than ten pieces of equipment. The rest of the equipment had repetitions, except for the armor.

The last item was a staff.

[Wolf Spirit Scepter]

Category: Staff

Grade: Bronze

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Magic Attack + 38, Spirit + 2

Introduction: The soul of the Demon Wolf is sealed inside. It has strong magic power. Unfortunately, the excessive consumption of the Demon Wolf Spirit caused the magic power to decline. Now, it can only give the scepter some magic attack power. It has no other effect. Hence, it was abandoned.