Chapter 1: Fate Dimension

The blue sky, the pure white clouds, the fragrance of flowers, the sound of birds chirping, the incessant cries of chickens and dogs, the sounds of peddling and hawking…

Ning He carried a trace of liveliness, and there was a trace of tranquility amidst the clamor.

It was like a beautiful painting in this ancient village.

"This is too realistic!"

"Has Blue Star's technology developed to such a level?"

Qin Qinsheng asked himself silently while feeling shocked.

This was something that even a child would be used to, but to him, it was so unfamiliar.

Because…

He was not from Blue Star, but from Earth.

A day ago, he woke up and realized that he had somehow transmigrated here.

The blue planet was 99% similar to the Earth in his memory. The only difference was that the technology tree seemed to be much more advanced. For example, the virtual technology that only existed in novels and movies on Earth had long been developed by the blue planet. After development, the technology was now almost perfect.

Fate Dimension was the culmination of Virtual Technology. It created a virtual world that allowed humans to enter this world through special transmission devices and experience a completely different life.

"Greetings, warrior from another world. Welcome to Fate Continent. I am the village chief of Novice Village No. 6666." A good-natured middle-aged man greeted him in a friendly manner. There was no need for introductions. The two words "village chief" above his head, anyone who was not blind would know his identity.

"Hello, Village Chief."

Qin Luo hurriedly responded.

"It has been a thousand years since the end of the Holy War. Although the devils have been driven to the end of the space-time crack, there are still many who have escaped."

“The Goddess of Fate’s traces are indistinct, and the temple’s power is declining day by day. Right now, the lurking darkness is restless, and it intends to start a war again to welcome back the devil army that was banished to the crack in space and time. At that time, the bitter war will definitely start again.”

Qin Sheng listened attentively as the village chief narrated the game background.

"Our village is far away and has always been aloof from worldly affairs. Recently, the animals in the forest have become violent and attacked humans everywhere. Many people in the village have been injured because of this. Warriors from the alternate realms, are you willing to help us eliminate those animals that have been contaminated by demonic aura?"

He had originally thought that the village chief would continue to give a long speech, but he did not expect that he would change the topic and direct it to the novice village, leaving Qin Sheng stunned for a long time.

"I'm willing!"

Qin Sheng, who had regained his senses, accepted it without hesitation.

What a joke.

This was a mission that was presented to him, how could he let it fly?

Ding… you have accepted the mission [Eliminate Demons]. Please head to the mission panel to check. '

[Mission Title: Eliminate Demons

[Mission Details] Due to unknown influences, the docile animals became violent and started attacking humans. This greatly affected the safety of the villagers.

[Mission Details: Kill 50 level 1 demonized creatures]

[Mission Time] No Limits

[Mission Reward] 200 experience points, 10 bronze coins, and random equipment

"Very well. The Goddess of Fate will bless your bravery."

Seeing that Qin Sheng had accepted the mission, the village chief smiled like a chrysanthemum flower. "Brave warrior has just arrived, and it might be inconvenient for you. These two pieces of equipment will be given to you for self-defense."

Ding… you have received white equipment: Newbie Wooden Sword * 1, Newbie Clothes * 1! '

[Newbie Wooden Sword]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: None

Effect: Attack + 3

Introduction: A sword made of wood, a piece of trash that even killing chickens will be difficult for.

[Newbie Clothes]

Type: Cloth armor

Grade: None

Effect: Defense + 1

Introduction: Clothes made of coarse cloth, common goods everywhere.

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless.

He was really a newbie!

Well, it was better than nothing.

At this stage, everyone's attack and defense were all in single digits. To be able to increase three points of attack and one point of defense was already not bad.

After bidding farewell to the village chief, Qin Luo hurriedly ran out of the village.

He checked the attributes—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV0

Occupation: Physical Novice

Talent: None

Reputation: 0

Power: None

Money: 0

Basic Attributes: Power 4, Constitution 3, Agility 5, Spirit 3

Special attributes: Luck 0, Charm 0, Enlightenment 0, Tenacity 0, Focus 0

Health Points: 30 / 30

Mana: 30 / 30

Physical Attack: 7

Magic Attack: 3

Physical Defense: 3

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 55 (Starting 50)

Dodge: 0

Critical Hit: 0

Elemental Resistance: 0% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Skills:

[Probing Skill] had no consumption. It could detect information on ordinary monsters that were no more than five levels above it!

[Heavy Strike] cannot be upgraded. Costs 10 mana and deals 110% damage to the target. Cooldown time is 5 seconds!

This attribute…

What a weakling.

Qin Luo Sheng was embarrassed.

Players' initial stats were 1 to 10 points. When they entered the game, they would scan their bodies in reality and assimilate their stats with their physical attributes.

Apart from his dexterity, everything else was too horrible to look at.

Of course, most people were the same. There was no need to be too conflicted. After all, according to the official data, even professional athletes only had an upper limit of 8 points.

Maximum value: 10?

Haha, was he still human?

As he ran out of the village, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the "battlefield" that was in full swing. After pondering for a moment, he ran towards the east.

Level 1 demonized monsters had demonized roosters, demonized rabbits, demonized deer, and demonized slimes.

Qin Luo Sheng's target was the demonized slime on the east side of the village.

It was not that they had any preferences. It was just that there were very few people on the Demonized Slimes' side, so there should not be anyone snatching the monsters.

[Demonized Slime]

Level: LV1

Health Points: 10

Attack: 1

Defense: 0

Speed: 10

Skills: None

Introduction: The weakest demonic creature that can even bully chickens. It has a strong reproductive ability and likes to destroy plants and houses. After being attacked, it will emit an extremely unpleasant smell. When its life is threatened, it will choose to self-destruct. Its flesh has corrosive ability.

Qin Sheng understood why not many people had touched this thing after he sent a probe over. This fellow was really disgusting.

“How about somewhere else?”

Qin Luo Sheng was also hesitating because he saw a brother not far away. After killing a demonized slime, his entire body was sprayed with green flesh. That expression of utter agony and complete despair towards the world was too touching.

"Kill! Just treat it as a mission!"

One sword, just one sword.

The Demonized Slime with a Defense of 0 died immediately.

Then…

"Urgh…"

Even though he was prepared, his speed was too trashy. There was no way he could escape the self-destruction of the demonized slime within 0.1 seconds after it died. He was hit by the green liquid.

"F*ck you!"

He quickly adjusted his sense of smell to the minimum.

Five minutes later!

"Ding! You have leveled up! Health Points + 10, Mana Points + 10, you have received 5 Free Attribute Points!

Qin Luo Sheng put away his sword expressionlessly and left under the watchful eyes of the crowd.

"Village Chief, I'm back."

After some conversation, the mission completion notification sounded.

"Ding… You have received 200 experience points, 10 bronze coins, and a random piece of equipment!"

Ding… you have obtained white equipment: Thick Cloth Armor * 1! '

[Rough Claw]

Type: Handguard

Grade: None

Effect: Defense + 1

Introduction: A hand guard made of coarse cloth has a weak protective effect.

Hand guard?

Defense + 1 trash is better than nothing, load it up.

"He completed the mission in such a short period of time." Village Chief sighed. "It proves that warriors have the determination and belief to eliminate devils and defend the human race. I will definitely support him."

Ding… you have received a referral letter * 1! '

Introduction letter: An introduction written by the village chief. If you hand it to the priest of the Temple of Destiny, you will receive a chance to bestow talent.

Qin Luo Sheng bade farewell to the village chief with doubt and quickly ran towards the Temple of Destiny.

The Temple of Destiny was very easy to identify. In the village with only three stories, its height of more than ten meters was like a crane among chickens. It was impossible not to notice it.

"What the f*ck, why am I a Class C talent with 1% experience value? What's the use?"

"My Grade C talent is not bad. I only have Grade D talent, and my Health Points + 10. I might as well not have it."

"Come on, your talents are useful. What am I? My speed increased by 50 when I'm not in battle mode. What do you mean? Are you hurrying on your way?"

"Er, are you all Class D and Class C? I am Class B, Hawkeye. Vision range increases by 50 meters!"

"Boss, please form a team. Please guide me."

"But I'm not an Archer. A Summoner needs eagle eyes."

"Hahaha…"

"…"

???

So many people?

So it was just a popular mission!

Qin Luo was speechless.

He had thought that it was a hidden mission, but he was happy for nothing.

Taking a step forward, the Divine Temple guards at the entrance immediately stretched out their hands to block him and shouted, "Halt, no trespassers!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything and took out the introduction letter from the village chief.

With the token, the guard no longer felt troubled and moved aside.

"Young warrior, please follow me."

As soon as he stepped into the majestic temple, a priest immediately came to guide him. He brought him to an old priest with a kind expression and bowed respectfully before retreating.

“Child, there is no need to be nervous. Place your hands on this. Fate will make a choice for you.” Beneath the statue of the goddess of destiny, the old priest wore a simple ceremonial robe. He had a kind expression, like a saint. He had a smile on his face and his tone was gentle.

Qin Luo was like a spring breeze as a smile appeared on his face. Nodding his head, he stretched out his hands and pressed them into the two grooves on the altar.

In an instant, a dense aura rose in the Temple of Destiny.