Chapter 7: Special Skill: Undying Battle Intent!

"Ding! Currently, 1,000 players have broken through to level 5. The system will be updated in five minutes. Estimated time of update is 10 hours. Please pay attention to the official website!"

"Ding! Currently, 1,000 players have broken through to level 5. The system will be updated in five minutes. Estimated time of update is 10 hours. Please pay attention to the official website!"

"Ding! Currently, 1,000 players have broken through to level 5. The system will be updated in five minutes. Estimated time of update is 10 hours. Please pay attention to the official website!"

Three system prompts bombarded the world channel again.

Upon hearing this, Qin Sheng, who was lying limply on the ground, ignored the pain all over his body and tried his best to get up. He swept away all the spoils of war that the Demonized Wild Wolf King had dropped, leaving not a single cent behind.

"Update? There should be more interesting content."

Qin Luo mumbled and chose to go offline.

…

In the real world.

Qin Sheng took off his gaming helmet and moved his body. He heaved a sigh of relief when he did not discover anything unusual.

It seemed that injuries in the game world would not affect reality.

However, he was quite exhausted.

She closed her eyes and fell asleep.

When she woke up, it was already dawn.

Looking at the time, he had actually slept for twelve hours.

“It seems that the battle with the Demonized Wild Wolf King yesterday exhausted quite a bit of energy. He slept so soundly.”

Qin Luo Sheng sighed slightly.

He got out of bed, washed up, and washed up.

The entire process was smooth like flowing water and did not take more than ten minutes.

After changing into a clean set of clothes, Qin Luo picked up his phone and opened the official website of Fate Dimension. He checked the updated content while heading out for breakfast.

At 6 am, the breakfast shop on the street was already open for business.

Qin Luo Sheng found a random shop and ordered a steamer of buns and a bowl of vegetable porridge.

The steamed buns and porridge were ready-made. As soon as she found a seat and sat down, the agile lady boss had already brought over a small steamer basket.

He picked one up and stuffed it into his mouth.

It tasted good.

For example, there were steamed buns, dumplings, wontons, noodles, and many other snacks. Furthermore, the taste of the food in City Well was authentic.

"Of course, it could also be because I haven't eaten for more than ten hours."

Qin Sheng did not let down his food. He put down his phone and savored the food carefully.

It had to be said that the steamed buns in this shop had a thin skin and filling, with a lot of soft and tender juices. It was indeed excellent. No wonder the shop was full of people at daybreak.

Coupled with the fresh and elegant green vegetable porridge, they were a perfect match.

"It feels good!"

She patted her full stomach. The hot food entered her stomach and she felt energized.

"This…"

After the meal, he paid the bill and walked out of the restaurant. The corner of his mouth twitched as he looked at the three-digit balance displayed on the screen.

“Truth be told, am I wearing or soul armor?”

Qin Luo Sheng questioned.

Soul Penetration, then why did he have the birthmark of the sun, moon, and stars on his body now? It couldn't be that this fellow from a parallel world had such a coincidence, right?

Dressed? Then why was his identity and background all complete, as well as his family and relatives, classmates and friends in this world?

Headache!

“Forget about it. Who cares if he’s wearing or not? I’m me.”

Qin Luo rubbed his head. "Rather than mulling over this, we might as well think about how to find money. If we don't think of a way, even surviving will be a problem."

…

Back home.

Upon seeing the gaming helmet placed on the table, Qin Sheng immediately discarded his distracting thoughts.

Money? Work?

What was that?

Even an Earth explosion wouldn’t stop me from playing games.

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the den of the demonized wolf king.

Looking around, there was no danger.

It seemed that the Demonized Wild Wolf King was the exclusive BOSS of the hidden quest entrusted by the village chief. It would not respawn after being killed.

He opened his backpack and almost drooled when he saw the row of shiny loot.

"Not counting Wolf Skin and Wolf Fang, there are five pieces of equipment, seven stones, a key, a skill book, and about seven gold coins."

After taking a closer look, Qin Sheng was overjoyed. "This Demonized Wild Wolf King is really generous. As expected of a Bronze Boss, he deserves his status."

He picked up a random piece of equipment.

[Steel Bow]

Type: Longbow

Grade: Unknown

Requirement: Unknown

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: A bow forged from fine iron. Due to the cheap material, it is cheap and is well liked. Be it a hunter or a soldier, it is often equipped.

Qin Sheng:…

"F*ck, I forgot that the equipment needs to be appraised after the update."

Before going online, he had already found out about the content of the update on the official website.

Overall, there were five updates:

1. The appraisal system has been activated. Starting from Bronze, the equipment will only reveal its attributes after appraising before it can be worn by players.

2. With the addition of the Hunger System, a Hunger bar would be added to the player's health bar and mana bar. The maximum value would be 100. It would be normal for the player to have more than 50 points. If the player dropped 20 points, he would obtain a Weakening BUFF. All his attributes would decrease, and he would die directly at 0 points.

3. Class Advancement will be brought forward. When players reach level 5, they will leave the title of novice and become an apprentice, XXX. They can go to the temple to learn professional skills.

4. Trial dungeon was equivalent to a Class Advancement mission. Players who passed the trial would receive rewards based on the difficulty of the trial and the dungeon contribution. (Trial difficulty is divided into: level up, normal, difficult, nightmare, abyss.)

5. The Virtual Exchange Platform was temporarily open. As there were millions of criminal incidents caused by offline transactions in just one day, this platform was opened. Players could trade online freely, but they had to charge the seller 10% of the transaction fee. It was as black as a B.

"Equipment needs appraisal. Skill Books don't need appraisal, right?"

Qin Sheng threw the steel bow back into his backpack and took out two skill books.

The first book was dropped by the Demonized Wild Wolf King.

The first book was the system reward for killing the Demonized Wild Wolf King on the World TV.

[Weapon Mastery (Bronze)] Passive skill, increases damage by 5%! Requirement: Warrior!

It was a passive skill.

This was good stuff!

Permanent increase of 5% damage. The longer it went on, the more abnormal the effect became.

"Miracle Starlight!"

[Weapon Mastery (Gold)] Passive skill, increases damage by 15%! Requirement: Warrior!

Another jump?

Very good!

A light slap!

Opening his stats window, the Attack Power column still displayed 281. However, in battle, this increased 15% damage would be directly effective.

Continue—

[Undying Battle Intent (Special Skill) cannot be upgraded. Effect:???! Requirement: Warrior!

Special skill?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. Then, he subconsciously cast a "Star Miracle".

"Successful sublimation!"

What?

Can special skills be upgraded?

Looking at it again, the effect was still three question marks.

"Learn skills!"

There was no hesitation.

A special skill rewarded by the system, and it was even announced all over the world. Could it be trash?

Besides, having been sublimated by the 'Starlight Miracle', trash had also become top-grade.

[Indestructible Battle Intent] cannot be upgraded. Passive effect: Physical Attack + 20%, Physical Critical Hit + 10%. Active effect: Only with a strong will to fight will it be activated. Will to fight will not be extinguished. Effects will last forever. Attack Power + X (X is the level * strength). Obtained 100% absolute Critical Hit. Attack Range + Xm (X is the level / 10 * Class Advancement number)! Cooldown: One day! (PS: Once the active effect is activated, you will enter an excited state. It greatly consumes your spirit and stamina. Please use it carefully.)

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o