Chapter 9: Job-Changing Berserker

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo cried out involuntarily.

"Your sister, who is this old man?"

Instant Hui Potion, Increase Potion, Poison Potion.

That was still acceptable.

However, a * * can shouldn't appear in a place like the Beginner's Village.

A large area of 3x3, 300 True Damage.

True damage!

This was damage that could ignore everything.

With it, even a level 1 player could kill a level 10 BOSS.

“Well…”

Qin Qin Sheng really wanted to say, "I, Young Master Qin, will take all the goods here." Unfortunately, his wallet would not allow it.

“Kid, don’t think of whoring for free. If you want the goods, fine. As long as the gold coins are in place, I can sell them all to you.”

As experienced as Wu Lin was, he immediately saw through Qin Luo's impoverished character. Without waiting for him to speak, he waved his sleeve and the light screen disappeared. The drooling various potions were also retrieved.

"Senior, I…"

"Kid, don't be too greedy. For old man Wang's sake, I've already given you some, don't push your luck."

Qin Luo Sheng blushed slightly and was speechless. He cupped his fists and said, "I shall take my leave. Thank you, senior."

"Wait!"

"It's not impossible for you to get these garbage potions."

"If you don't have money, use the Wolf's Eye to exchange for it. 100 gold coins is worth 1 gold coin. You can have as many as you want. It's unlimited."

"Remember, don't disturb me unless you have 10,000 wolf eyes."

Bang! ~

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the Wu residence regretfully. Just as he was lamenting that he had missed out on a hundred million, Wu Lin's voice suddenly sounded in his ears. When he turned his head in surprise, the door suddenly slammed shut, almost hitting his nose.

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

…

Wolf eyes, like wolf skin and wolf teeth, were a type of material.

The difference was…

Wolfskins could make armor, gauntlets, boots, and helmets.

Wolf teeth could be used to forge weapons, arrows, and hidden weapons.

And wolf eyes were useless.

Qin Sheng, who had relied on the demonized wolves to get home, was no stranger to this thing. In fact, the hundreds of wolves that had died under his sword had contributed almost a thousand wolf eyes to him.

Unfortunately…

All thrown away.

It couldn't be helped. Wolf eyes were guaranteed to drop. One wolf could have two, and a pack could have 100.

The players only had 50 checkered backpacks. At that time, they did not even have enough wolf skin, wolf teeth, and equipment. Why did they leave the wolf eyes behind?

"Forget it, after some time, when most players can kill wolves, I'll buy them."

Qin Luo Sheng was a little depressed. "This thing drops a lot, and ordinary people are useless. If I sell it to NPCs, a hundred pills per set would only be 10 copper coins. I'll get ten times the amount for every damn copper coin. I don't believe I can't get it."

Shaking his head, he put aside the matter of the wolf's eyes for the time being. After confirming his direction, he quickly ran towards the temple.

After queuing for half an hour, he successfully changed his occupation.

There were two types of Warriors. The first type was Shield Warriors who focused on defense and health. They were pure-blooded Bulls who completely gave up on attacking.

This was definitely not suitable.

So he chose—

Berserker!

A berserker who focused on battle.

Ding… congratulations on successfully changing class to Berserker. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 50, Attack + 20, Defense + 10, Skill [Heavy Strike] Forgotten. Learned Berserker Skill [Basic Second Successive Slash] [Basic Heavy Cleave] [Basic Encourage] [Basic Berserk]! '

[Basic Second Successive Strike] LV1, 0 / 500, consumes 10 mana, and quickly attacks the target twice. The damage is 70%, 80%, and the cooldown time is 10 seconds!

[Basic Heavy Slash] LV1, 0 / 500, consumes 5 mana to deal a heavy blow to the target, dealing 120% damage. Cooldown time is 5 seconds!

[Basic Encourage] LV1, 0 / 1000, consumes 20 mana, increases physical attack by 5%. Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Basic Enrage] LV1, 0 / 1000, consumes 30 mana. Enraged state after casting, increases 10% physical attack, -5% physical defense, lasts for 30 seconds, cooldown time is 5 minutes!

"Finally, there's a skill that can be used!—Unfortunately, the skill is learned directly and not a skill book. Without a carrier, the Starlight Miracle will not work."

…

"We need to go to the front line to investigate the source of the Demonic Qi. The monsters there are at least level 8. It's not suitable."

Qin Luo stroked his chin. "Let's settle the trial first and see what rewards we can get."

He did as he was told.

However, before that, Qin Luo Sheng went to the provision store and bought two return scrolls for 2 gold coins.

It was a little expensive, but it was more important to use it.

He did not want to experience the experience of running from the Wolf King's cave to the village for the second time.

Wouldn't it be great if he used the time he wasted to farm monsters and level up?

"Level 5 Berserker, fully equipped, Attack 55, please help your teammates to clear Difficult Mode."

"Light Priest, sufficient healing and rich experience. Please guide me."

"A Guardian with 400 HP and 80 Defense is waiting for you."

"Brothers and sisters, pity me. Let me join you."

"It's time to form a team and distribute the loot. Shield Specialists, Light Priests, DPS, no Thieves or Summoners."

"F*ck!"

The teleportation NPC in the trial ground was in the middle of the Beginner's Village, not far from the village chief.

Beside him was a new NPC—

Appraiser!

By the time Qin Qin Sheng arrived, there was already a sea of people.

"Brother, do you want to team up? Difficult Mode, drop ROL points. Those who are suitable for their jobs have priority buying rights."

At this moment, a handsome young man walked over and issued an invitation to Qin Sheng.

"Brother Yatou, can you not pull people randomly on the streets? If you pull another scoundrel, we'll be wiped out again." Before Qin Luo Sheng could speak, a girl beside the young man could not help but say.

He shifted his gaze.

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils constricted.

"What a beautiful girl!"

She was about fifteen or sixteen, with an oval face, willowy eyebrows, and cherry lips. She was tall and slender with fair skin. Her waist-length hair was like a black waterfall, flowing and soft.

The most unique thing about her was her eyes. They were big and shiny, and her pitch-black pupils were like peerless black pearls. There was a hint of craftiness in her quick-witted eyes, as well as a hint of immaturity and ignorance at her age.

She was like a young girl walking out of a comic.

The only pity was that her angry expression, although cute and innocent, ruined her beauty.

“Sorry, sorry.”

The young man apologized profusely. "My sister was a little angry because she was wiped out by a group of passersby. That's why she spoke so openly. Brother, don't lower yourself to her level."

"Nothing!"

The girl was indeed very beautiful. Qin Sheng admitted that he had been stunned by her beauty, but he was not a bootlicker. Since she looked down on him, why did he have to suck up to her?

"Big brother, we're back."

Just as Qin Luo was about to leave, a young man suddenly squeezed over. He subconsciously looked over and his gaze automatically drifted away from the young man. It was as if there was a magnet attracting him as it landed on the beautiful figure that was walking over slowly behind him.

Dressed in a long robe that was as white as snow, it lightly covered her exquisite and curvaceous figure. Her black hair that reached her waist was like the Milky Way's Star Rain of the Nine Heavens, falling in a line and swaying slightly with her elegant steps. She was like a willow tree floating in the clear waves, otherworldly and ethereal, but also… charming.

Her brows were long and slender like the crescent moon; her eyes were bright like the moon, clear and glittering; her lips were like pink cherry blossoms that bloomed like flower petals; her delicate skin was white like jade, warm and moist, and overflowing with luster.

Was she a fairy?

No one knew, because all of them were in a daze. They could not see anything other than her dreamy eyes.