Chapter 6: Desperate Situation! Reverse! Reverse!

-960!

A damage number that was close to a thousand appeared above the Wolf King's head and stunned Qin Sheng.

Good!

A good start!

Critical Hit + Weakness, double damage superimposed. With the five times increase from the Berserk Heavy Strike, one strike almost took out one-fifth of the Wolf King's health points.

And this wasn’t over—

"Ding… Berserk Heavy Strike effect activated. Demonized Wild Wolf King has been seriously injured, all attributes reduced by 20%!"

Awesome!

F*ck, I am indeed the Chosen One. I triggered the strongest effect the first time I used it.

"It's a pity that all these attributes do not include Health Points and Mana Points. Otherwise, the Demonized Wild Wolf King would have been crippled."

Qin Luo Sheng lamented in his heart.

But it was enough.

Attack, defense, speed, hidden attack speed, agility, jumping ability, and so on. After 20% of the Demonized Wild Wolf King was killed, there was nothing to fear.

380-76!

204!

The attack power of the demonized wolf king was already inferior to that of Qin Sheng, who had activated it.

"Kill!"

If he didn't have any offensive skills, then he would be a draw.

The Wolftooth Short Sword in Qin Sheng’s hands hacked, stabbed, or flicked…

It looked very impressive, but in reality, it was completely unrestrained.

Eight Slashes of the Blind Concubine!

-352!

Ding… Demon King Wild Wolf King used [Bloody Heavy Claw]! '

Qin Luo gasped when he saw a quarter of his health bar disappear instantly. He hurriedly took out a piece of jerky and stuffed it into his mouth to calm himself down.

“Fuck, I was a bit careless.”

His attacks were ferocious and could cause great damage to the Demonized Wolf King. However, this fellow had a lot of blood and it would be difficult to kill him in a short period of time.

On the other hand, although the attack of the Demonized Wolf King was weakened, the damage was still not something that his small body could withstand. Especially after activating the skill, the damage was increased and it was even more terrifying.

"No, we can't retreat!"

Qin Luo took a step forward with his sword. One sword and one claw exchanged blows with the demonized Wild Wolf King. He took another blow from the wolf claw and sent the Wolf Fang Short Sword into the wound on the Wolf King's neck once again, reducing its health by nearly 300 points.

"The duration of the Heavenly Wolf and God's Flash is only 30 seconds. If I cannot kill the Demonized Wild Wolf King within these 30 seconds, or establish an absolute advantage, once the skill effect ends, I will be completely passive."

A BOSS was a BOSS after all. It was not something that players could compare to.

The Demonized Wild Wolf King had been weakened by one-fifth of its strength, and its normal attacks could deal over a hundred damage.

Level 5 Bloody Bulls with all stat points added to their stats were fully equipped with black iron armor. Their Defense was at most a hundred or so and their HP was around 500. They would be completely beaten up.

"As expected of a hidden mission. With such difficulty, even a fully armed elite team would be defeated."

"If I didn't cheat, I wouldn't even be qualified to challenge him."

Attack, attack, attack!

His desperate fighting style of not retreating even half a step was exceptionally bloody.

"F*ck, if it wasn't for the short time, I would have lost if you could touch my shirt."

Qin Luo gritted his teeth and fought furiously.

It was impossible to maximize the damage output without getting injured. He could only take advantage of the situation and sway crazily at the edge of death, squeezing out the maximum output space to dodge attacks that were aimed at the weakest areas and take on those with lesser damage.

Thirty seconds passed in the blink of an eye.

The Heavenly Wolf's power and speed instantly receded.

Qin Sheng, who was frantically attacking, staggered. The attack that should have landed on the Demonized Wild Wolf King's body had missed due to the diminishing speed.

"Howl…"

The sly and crafty demonized Wild Wolf King seized the opportunity and pounced over. Opening its bloody mouth, it bit fiercely on Qin Sheng's shoulder.

"What the…"

There was a sharp pain, followed by the world spinning.

Qin Luo Sheng was lifted up by the wolf's mouth and his body was lifted off the ground. Along with the pain of his bones being ripped apart, he was flung several meters away like a rag doll and smashed heavily onto the ground.

-856!

-211!

The terrifying damage caused by the violent biting instantly knocked away more than half of Qin Sheng's blood.

Right after that, another damage was dealt.

Qin Luo had suffered two wounds that exceeded a thousand points. He had died immediately.

That was not all—

-20!

-20!

-20!

-20!

The sharp wolf teeth pierced through his body and successfully bit him, causing continuous bleeding damage.

Qin Luo Sheng's HP bar had already disappeared to the point where it could no longer be seen by the naked eye. If this continued, even if the Demonized Wild Wolf King no longer pursued him, he would still bleed to death.

"Ice Skin!"

+ 2840!

In this desperate situation, Qin Sheng revealed his final trump card.

Ice Skin: After activation, the upper limit of Health Points will increase by 100%, Mana Points will increase by 100%, and the user will instantly recover to full state. Defense will increase by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

“Bastard! Watch how I slaughter you!”

Qin Luo's blood and qi were boiling. Under the effects of the Ice Skin, his skin had turned extremely pale. It looked transparent and even emitted specks of blue light. It was extremely strange. Coupled with the baneful aura covering his body, he looked like a demon king.

-52!

-47!

-50!

…

Without the Skywolf's double attack and 100% critical strike, Qin Sheng, who had returned to his normal state, was weak and powerless.

However, it was good as long as he could break through the defense.

Under the insane enhancement of his ice muscles, he completely gave up on all defense. He traded injuries for blood.

Like a madman.

The Demonized Wild Wolf King, which had less than 800 HP, was terrified.

However, at the end of the cave, there was no way out at all. The only exit was Qin Luo's position at the other side of the cave. There was no way for him to break out.

700!

600!

300!

100!

The Demonized Wild Wolf King’s blood vitality continued to decrease. It had already broken through to two digits. With another two strikes, it would die.

At this moment…

Time for the Ice Skin effect was over.

"Howl…"

The Demonized Wild Wolf King, which had already given up all hope, reacted extremely quickly. It jumped backwards to increase the distance between them. At the same time, it roared towards the sky. In an instant, phosphorus flames danced in the air and were sucked into its mouth.

“Demonic Wolf Flame!”

A gigantic black fireball shot out from the mouth of the Demonized Wolf King. Its target was Qin Sheng.

"It's over!"

In the face of the ultimate move of the Demonized Wild Wolf King, Qin Sheng, who only had a dozen or so points of magic defense, sneered and went straight to meet it.

Bang…

With a loud boom, the high temperature fireball instantly melted the target.

‘ But—’

Accompanied by a mournful howl, a figure jumped out of the shock wave like a spiritual ape.

The eyes of the Demonized Wild Wolf King narrowed.

It wanted to move. It wanted to dodge. However, the demonic wolf flames had not only drained its energy but also its energy. It could not move.

"This strike is for Wang Xiaomin, who had his innards eaten by you. Go to hell, beast."

The wolf fang short sword buzzed and trembled. The sword that was fast to the peak was like a sneak attack by a spirit snake. Like a flood dragon stretching its claws, it accurately stabbed into the wound on the demonized wolf king's neck.

It was a sword strike with all its might, a sword strike that burned its conviction. Under Qin Sheng's furious roar, the entire sword pierced straight into the neck of the demonized wild wolf king.

-5000!

Black!

Terrifying black damage appeared!

A fatal blow!

Let alone the Demonized Wild Wolf King, it did not even have 100 health points. Even if it was at its peak, triggering a fatal blow would result in its death. It would not even have the chance to struggle.

Ding… You have killed a level 6 Bronze Boss by yourself: Demonized Wild Wolf King. You have received 50,000 EXP and 20 Reputation Points! '

Accompanied by the system’s prompt, the Demonized Wild Wolf King’s massive body also collapsed, turning into a corpse.

A ray of golden light accompanied the starlight that covered the ground and appeared simultaneously.

Ding… As the first player to kill a Bronze Boss alone, the system will announce it to the world. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

World announcement?

Was there such a good thing?

"Ten times!"

System:…

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of the level 6 Bronze Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King. As the first player to kill the Bronze Boss alone, he has received a reward: Level + 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book x1, 100 Reputation points! This is an announcement! '

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of the level 6 Bronze Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King. As the first player to kill the Bronze Boss alone, he has received a reward: Level + 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book x1, 100 Reputation points! This is an announcement! '

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of the level 6 Bronze Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King. As the first player to kill the Bronze Boss alone, he has received a reward: Level + 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book x1, 100 Reputation points! This is an announcement! '

Ding…

Ding…

Ten times!

Ten times!

The entire Fate Dimension was in an uproar.

It has only been a few hours since the server opened?

Most of the players were still between Level 1 and 2.

Even those experts, large factions, and large corporations were at most level 4 to 5. They only focused on farming monsters and leveling up. They probably didn't even know what the BOSS was like.

No equipment, level, skills, or potions.

At this stage, who would be stupid enough to challenge a BOSS?

Wasn't he courting death?

Besides, was the BOSS someone you could find as you wished?

However, the system announcement gave everyone a tight slap.

A BOSS was killed!!

Level 6, Bronze, solo!

Weeping Soul!

This ID not only exploded among ordinary players, but also entered the eyes of many large forces.

No one with cerebral palsy would suspect that Weeping Soul had cheated. Either by strength or by props.

No matter which one it was, to be able to shock the world with a single feat, they were definitely not ordinary people. They were worth paying attention to and roping in.

…

The entire world was in turmoil because of an announcement. Qin Sheng, who was at the center of the vortex, was unaware of it.

"Hu…"

He let out a long breath and collapsed to the ground.

An indescribable sense of exhaustion and powerlessness filled his body.

“I’m glad I have you.”

Qin Sheng felt a sense of lingering fear when he saw the golden ring on his right index finger.

Just a little. Just a little.

Special Effect: [Spirit Summoner] consumes 100 Mana. Summons one Wolf Spirit to fight for you. Maximum duration is 60 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes.

If not for this additional skill, he would have died.

It was the Wolf Spirit that had been summoned that had withstood the Demon Wolf's flames and consumed all the damage. This had created an opportunity for him to counterattack and reverse the situation.

He turned to look at the corner.

"I'll avenge you!"