Chapter 8: The Alchemist'S Hidden Shop

What was that?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes almost popped out.

"D * mn, isn't this too much of a bug?"

It was a divine skill!

Was the system's reward that insane?

He could even send out such a destructive skill?

"If it was someone else's, I would definitely scold the officials. What? It's mine? Oh, then it's fine."

He had never seen such a shameless double standard dog.

Of the seven stones, two of them were Improvement Stones that he had already obtained. He skipped them.

Spirit Crystal

Type: Item

Effect: Enhanced success rate + 5%

Introduction: A crystal that is filled with spiritual force. A mild energy has a gentle function.

From the looks of it, the two spirit crystals should complement the Augmenting Gems.

[Crystal coins]

Type: Item

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: Legend has it that it is a currency used by the gods. It is extremely valuable for collection.

The remaining three pieces were similar to Qin's saber coins. However, they were not made of bronze or shell, but crystals of different colors.

"It must be a special prop."

The Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals were undoubtedly props for strengthening equipment. However, Qin Sheng could not guess what these crystal coins were for. He could only keep them well, hoping that one day they would give him a surprise.

[Bronze Key]

Type: Item

[Effect: Open Bronze Treasure Chest]

Introduction: It's said to be Master Lu's * * *, which can open the Wan Clan Lock.

Treasure Chest Key!?

This was incredible.

The officials had already revealed that there were treasure chests on various maps of different grades, and the items inside were full of surprises.

There were very few treasure chests, and it was extremely difficult to obtain them.

It was either in a dangerous place that was difficult to reach, or it had a powerful guardian, or it was related to a hidden mission, or it needed a specific key or a lock…

Generally speaking, as long as there was no special requirement for the treasure chest, every player could open it. However, the progress was extremely slow, except for Bandits who had learned theft and unlocking skills.

It was different with the treasure chest key. It could be opened instantly. Even if there was a Guardian, as long as you seized the opportunity, you could still steal treasures from under his nose.

"Keep it well, keep it well. It will definitely appear in the future."

…

"Village Chief, I'm back."

It was already an hour later when they returned to the village.

"Sigh, Village Chief, you have to be mentally prepared."

Qin Sheng could not bear to look at the pair of eager eyes. He took out a piece of wolf skin from his backpack. Inside was Wang Xiaomin's corpse.

"Little citizen!"

Village Chief burst into tears instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng did not feel good either. It was the most painful thing in the world to see the white-haired man die.

"Thank you, warrior, for finding my son's corpse and keeping it from being exposed in the wilderness."

After a long time, Village Chief finally stabilized himself and carefully put away Wang Xiaomin's corpse. He said gratefully, "Thank you, brave warrior, for helping our village get rid of this great scourge, Wolf King. We will forever be indebted to you."

Ding… you have completed Old Wang's mission. Reward: 50,000 experience points, 5 gold coins, + 500 affinity! '

Just this?

This was the reward for the hidden mission?

Other than experience and money, there was nothing else?

It was fine if he did not give them any Skill Books or equipment.

Stingy!

Ding… Your affinity with old man Wang has increased. Friendship has changed to friendship of life and death.

Qin Luo lacked interest.

"Warrior, please wait!"

Just as he was about to leave, the village chief called out to him and said with a heavy expression, “I heard that the brave warrior has already accepted the High Priest’s request as a test. My eldest son, Wang Damin, is the leader of the frontline militia. Here is a letter. Hand it to him. If it is within his power, he will do his best to help you.”

"Thank you!"

Was this the real reward for the hidden mission?

The bonds between people.

"Oh right, there's a jade pendant here. Take it to the Wu family in the village west. I believe you will gain something."

The village chief stuffed another jade pendant over. Without waiting for Qin Sheng to ask anything, he waved his hand and shifted his gaze to Wang Xiaomin's ghastly pale face with a sorrowful expression.

Another hidden reward?

Great!

…

West of the village.

At the Wu residence.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the dilapidated courtyard and wondered if he had found the wrong place.

With his trust in Village Chief, he still went forward and knocked on the door.

After waiting for a while.

No one responded.

He continued knocking.

"Kid, there's no mission here. Get lost."

His persistent harassment finally got the response he wanted, even though it wasn't very friendly.

"Greetings, senior. The village chief asked me to come. I have a token as proof."

Qin Sheng took out the jade pendant given by the village chief and said loudly.

Creak!

The old wooden door slowly opened.

“Come in.”

Qin Luo followed his instructions and entered.

It was a messy courtyard filled with bottles and jars of all sizes. There were also wood, herbs, ores and even the limbs and organs of many animals.

"Tell me, why did Old Wang ask you to look for me?"

In the junk pile, a sloppy and thin figure was busy with something. He didn’t even turn around, and his voice was hoarse like an owl, and it was extremely horrifying.

"Um… the village leader didn't say anything. He just told me to come and find you."

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to give up. After all, this old fellow before him did not look like a normal person at all.

Moreover, the most terrifying thing was that his charm had always been maxed out. Previously, every NPC would increase his affinity by 500 points, but he did not react at all.

“How did you get that jade pendant? Old man Wang wouldn’t give it away so easily.” The strange person continued to ask.

Qin Luo Sheng could not figure out the way and did not dare to play any tricks. He replied honestly, "Village Chief's second son, Wang Xiaomin, died in pursuit of the demonized Wild Wolf King. I killed the Wolf King and brought his corpse back. Village Chief then gave me this jade pendant and called me to the Wu Family in the west of the city."

"Is that so?" The strange man's hands paused, and his tone changed slightly. "That child Xiaomin is dead!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not know how to respond and could only remain silent.

The strange man also did his own thing and didn't say anything else. However, his figure seemed to have hunched a little.

For a long time.

The strange person finally remembered that there was still someone here and said, "I understand what Old Wang meant. I'll give him face."

With a wave of his hand, a cloth bag landed in Qin Sheng's hands.

"Ding… You have received a gift from Alchemist Wu Lin: Strong Health Potion x10, Strong Magic Potion x10, Berserk Potion x1, Poison Potion x1, * can * 5!"

A follow-up reward?

As expected, the hidden mission was not so simple!

"Thank you, Senior!"

Even without checking the effects, Qin Sheng knew that these potions were definitely not simple. Just the words "Alchemist" confirmed that the potions were not common goods.

"The Wu family and the Wang family are old friends. I watched Xiaomin grow up. Since you helped him take revenge and found his corpse, I, Wu Lin, will owe you a favor and give you a chance."

As soon as he finished speaking, the system notification sounded.

"Ding… Alchemist Wu Lin has opened the hidden store for you. Do you wish to open it?"

Hidden store?

"Activate!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not hesitate and immediately confirmed it.

A screen appeared.

[Strong Health Potion] instantly restored 1,000 health points.

[Price: 1 gold per bottle, 50 bottles left]

[Powerful Magic Potion] instantly restored 1,000 mana points.

[Price: 1 gold per bottle, 50 bottles left]

[Berserk Potion] increases attack power by 10%.

[Price: 5 Gold per bottle, 10 bottles left]

[Venomous Potion] could poison weapons and increase their damage.

[Price: 10 Gold per bottle, 5 remaining bottles]

[* can] dealt 300 True Damage to the 3 * 3 meter area.

[Price: 10 Gold per can, 30 cans left]

Qinoling Sheng: Σ (Σ ° Д °;) ﾟ