Chapter 2: Boss'S Super-God Talent

"This… this is…"

The old priest’s entire body shook and muddy tears fell from his old eyes. “The Goddess of Destiny has blessed us. The Saint has descended into this world. We humans are saved!”

Qin Sheng did not have the energy to pay attention to everything around him.

At this moment, his right hand seemed to be burned by flames, and his left hand seemed to be frozen by ice. Two streams of energy extended from his arm into his body, and the two opposing energies collided with each other, turning his body into a battlefield.

The indescribable pain almost made him faint.

At this moment, a gentle light descended.

He raised his head with difficulty and saw that the goddess of destiny's god statue was shining with divine light, like a god or a saint. Her eyes, which were originally carved from mud, were now as brilliant as a river of stars. It was as if he was in it, seeing the birth of the universe and being surrounded by stars.

Ding… after going through the baptism of the temple, you have awakened SSS talent—Lord of the Stars! '

"Ding… Because of the divine light's strengthening, your basic attributes have been raised to full value!"

"Ding… As your basic attributes have exceeded the limit, awakened skills: Sky Martial, Sacred Body, Spirit Flash, and Mind!"

The phenomenon came and went quickly.

When Qin Luo came back to his senses, he realized that he was still in the temple, beneath the statue.

Everything just now seemed like a fantasy.

However…

He looked at the sun mark on the back of his right hand and the silver moon mark on the back of his left hand with a complicated expression.

With the sun and moon in his hands, he stood on the seven stars.

There were three birthmarks. The fortune teller said that he had the destiny of an emperor.

It was a pity that this so-called emperor's destiny did not allow him to control the dry Kun to control the sun and moon, nor did it allow him to be rich and powerful.

He was nothing special.

Never would he have thought that these three birthmarks would surpass the real world and appear in this virtual game world, triggering a phenomenon. It seemed that he had even awakened his SSS-level talent?

[Lord of Stars (SSS super-god talent) LV1] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX, every level up will grant double free attribute points, Health Points + 1000, Mana Points + 1000, Attack Power + 20%, Critical Hit Rate + 10%, Dodge Rate + 10%, Speed + 10%.

[Active Effect] Miracle of Starlight: The light of the stars has the miraculous power of sublimation.

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes widened.

This…

Was he seeing things?

Was SSS talent so abnormal?

Moreover, it seemed like this was only level 1. There was definitely level 2 and level 3 behind it… What effect would that have?

He checked the attributes—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV1

Occupation: Physical Novice

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 0

Power: None

Money: 13 bronze coins

Basic Attributes: Strength 20, Constitution 20, Agility 20, Spirit 20

Special attributes: Luck 0, Charm Max, Enlightenment 0, Tenacity 0, Focus 0

Health: 1210 / 1210

Mana: 1210 / 1210

Physical Attack: 23 (+ 25%)

Magic Attack: 20 (+ 25%)

Physical Defense: 21 (+ 5%)

Magic Defense: 2 (+ 5%)

Speed: 70 (+ 15%)

Dodge: 15%

Critical Hit: 15%

Elemental Resistance: 0% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Eh?

What was going on?

Originally, there were only 4,33,53 points of Strength, Constitution, Agility, and Spirit. Why did they all become 20 points?

Even if it was because of the divine light baptism that it had been raised to its initial maximum value, the initial maximum value should be 10 points?!

"Could it be?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned as if he had thought of something.

He quickly opened his skill window—

[Sky Weapon] 's only skill, LV1 (Power of the Skywolf, can be upgraded), can break the firmament with brute force, can suppress mountains and rivers with martial arts. Passive effect, Strength + 10, Attack + 5%, Critical Strike Chance + 5%. Active effect—Skywolf: After activation, Attack Power will increase by 100%, Critical Strike chance will increase by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Holy Body] 's only skill, LV1 (Ice Muscle Body, Upgradeable), Holy Body, invulnerable to swords and spears, impervious to fire and water. Passive effect, Constitution + 10, Health + 5%, Defense + 5%. Active effect—Ice Muscle: After activation, the upper limit of Health Points will increase by 100%, Mana Points increase by 100%, and the maximum will be instantly restored to full state. Defense increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds, Cooldown is 5 minutes!

[God's Movement] 's only skill, LV1 (Leopard Sudden Speed, Upgradeable), flexible and shapeless. Passive effect, Agility + 10, Speed + 5%, Dodge + 5%. Active effect—Leopard Suit: After activation, Speed + 100%, Dodge + 100%, Duration: 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Spiritual Wisdom] 's only skill, LV1 (Super Dimension Wisdom, Upgradeable), God's Wisdom, Transcends All Spirits. Passive effect, Spirit + 10, Magic Attack + 5%, Magic Critical Hit Chance + 5%. Active effect—Super Dimension: After activation, Magic Attack + 100%, Magic Critical Hit Chance + 100%, Duration: 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

o (⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

What kind of godly skill was this?

Did the authorities cheat me?

Any one of these four skills could allow a player to be reborn. If the four skills combined, wouldn't it create a human-shaped monster?

This could no longer be considered as affecting the balance. It had completely broken the balance.

The attributes of a normal player just now.

Looking at the current situation.

Comparatively—

The difference between heaven and earth!

Oh, right, there were still five attribute points that had not been touched when he leveled up. He directly added them to Strength. Hmm, Level 1, Physical Attack 35!?!

It was three times more than normal players!!

"Child, perhaps the future of the human race depends on you." At this moment, the old shaman walked over and gently caressed Qin Sheng's head.

"Don't. I can't bear such a huge burden."

Qin Luo Sheng ridiculed in his heart, but his face was filled with determination. He said solemnly, "As a human, I will not shirk my duty."

"Ding… Due to your charm, the High Priest has a good impression of you + 500. Current friendliness level: Heart-to-heart!"

"Good, good, good!" The High Priest was greatly comforted. "The human race has a seed like you. Even if the demons come back, what's there to fear?"

"Unfortunately, after the Holy War, our ancestors chose to come here and live in seclusion. They were all alone and did not leave anything good behind."

The High Priest said with a regretful expression, "This scroll was recorded in it by our ancestors before they passed away. It was for the sake of continuing the legacy. However, we lived a peaceful life generation after generation. We did not have any desire for power. Furthermore, our talent was limited. After more than ten generations, it was always put on hold until I obtained it."

Hidden occupation?

Or was it a super strong skill?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the black scroll in the old priest's hands and almost drooled.

“Your potential is great, even the Goddess of Fate has appeared to bless you. Your future will be immeasurable.” The old shaman said, “You are a dragon of the human race, so you will definitely roam the nine heavens in the future. Right now, a dragon is hiding in the abyss. Whether it is the High Priest of the temple or an ordinary human, I should help you…”

Yes, yes, yes!

Quickly give me the scroll in your hand.

“However, as a member of the younger generation, I should abide by the orders of my ancestor.”

The old priest changed the topic. “How about this? I have a tricky matter here that needs to be solved by someone. I will treat it as a test. As long as you can complete the mission and prove that you are qualified to inherit the power of our ancestors, I will naturally hand over this scroll for free.”

Ding… You have triggered the hidden mission [Investigate Demonic Qi Source]. Do you accept? '

Do you even need to think?

"Accept!"

The old shaman nodded with satisfaction. “Go, child. A baby eagle needs to be trained before it can become an eagle that soars in the sky. I look forward to meeting you again. I hope that you will bring me good news when the time comes.”

Qin Luo bowed respectfully and bid farewell to the old priest.

"Brother, what's your talent?"

As soon as they walked out of the temple, a group of people came up to strike up a conversation.

"Eh, C-rank innate talent Strength Battle, Attack + 10." Qin Sheng was slightly stunned and randomly made up a story.

"Class C talent, not bad. Damn, why am I so unlucky to only have a Class D talent?"

"A C-level talent with + 10 Attack. It's quite practical."

"Brother, do you want to form a team?"

"Brother, please guide me. I'm Lolita."

"…"

Sweating profusely, Qin Luo pushed through the crowd and slipped away.

After hiding in a corner and making sure that no one was following him, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief. Rubbing his hands together, he opened the mission board—

[Mission Title: Investigate the source of the Demonic Qi

[Mission Introduction] The mild-mannered animals suddenly became violent. According to the investigation, they were affected by the demonic Qi. The source seemed to be in a cave deep in the forest. However, the investigators that were sent were missing one after another. It was unknown if they were dead or alive.

[Mission Details] Find the source of the demonic energy and determine the life and death of the missing investigator.

[Mission Time] No Limits

[Mission Reward] Unknown

"There's too little information."

Qin Luo closed the mission panel and remained silent. "Other than knowing that the source is in the forest, the information is basically zero."

According to the radiation principle, with the novice village as the center, the further one went, the larger the area, and the stronger the monsters.

The forest was at the end of the Beginner's Village. The monsters inside were definitely the strongest in the Beginner's Village.

To be able to become the key point of a hidden quest, one could predict that they would have to face a level 10 BOSS.

Maybe more.

Level 10 was the limit of the beginner village, but it was not impossible to break through the limit for missions with hidden jobs or super strong skills.

If that was the case, it would be troublesome.

Even if he reached level 10, he would still be suppressed by his level and his strength would be reduced. This battle, which was already not optimistic to begin with, made things worse.

"Hai, I hope it won't be such a scam!"

It was too early to think about this.

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and temporarily abandoned this hidden mission.

The most important thing now was to quickly level up and search for equipment.

Only with the capital would one be qualified to challenge it.

"Village Chief, I'm back."

If he didn't remember wrongly, the monster extermination mission he received from the village chief seemed to have the prefix '1' (1). If he had it, he would definitely have it (2). Anyway, he had to kill monsters and level up. If he had the chance to accept another mission, the reward would be free. How could he miss such a good thing?

Ding… Due to your charm value MAX, Village Chief Wang of Novice Village 6666 has a favorable impression of you + 500. Current friendly relationship: Heart-to-heart! '

Qin Sheng:…

Did he have to say this to every NPC in the future?

"Looking at the warrior's expression, he should have gained quite a bit."

After the favorability increased, the village chief became even more amiable. "Come, I have a mission here that suits the current you."

Ding… Village Chief's mission [Eliminate Monster 2], do you accept? '