Chapter 5: Bronze Boss: Demonized Wild Wolf King

Bronze staff?

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly disappointed.

"Well, that's a little greedy. The ring is gold, and the armor is silver. The sublimation of this starlight miracle is already a bloody profit."

He shook his head and stuffed the Wolf Spirit Scepter into his bag. "Bronze is not bad. At this stage, there are no more than ten players with Bronze equipment."

As a monster farming fanatic, Qin Luo Sheng had a lot of say regarding the ridiculous drop rate of Fate Dimension.

Apart from increasing experience, the drop rate would also increase accordingly.

As for him, he killed hundreds of demonized wolves and only dropped a dozen pieces of equipment. Most of them were the trashiest white equipment.

If he only had such a high drop rate, it was obvious how low the drop rate of normal players killing monsters was.

It would be a blessing if he could get a white equipment. If he got a Black Iron Armor, it would be a blessing from his ancestors.

Bronze?

Heh heh, you're thinking nonsense.

Of course, Qin Sheng did not underestimate the heroes of the world.

Experts were everywhere.

Other things aside, if he could obtain the super-god talent of SSS, why couldn't others get lucky and awaken a talent that could increase drop rates?

[Augmenting Gem (Beginner)]

Type: Item

Effect: Enhanced

Introduction: A special stone that contains a huge amount of energy. It has the effect of enhancing abilities.

“It should be something good.”

Qin Luo Sheng did not know what it was for, but he knew that it should be a special item. It might even be more valuable than Bronze or Silver equipment.

He kept it carefully and took out the skill book.

[Berserk Heavy Strike (Silver)] consumes 20 Mana Points to activate on a single target, dealing 150% damage. There is also a chance to heavily injure the enemy, causing them to be seriously injured, reducing their attributes by 10%! Cooldown: 3 minutes! Learning Requirement: Berserker!

Shit?

Silver tier skill!

"What kind of luck do I have?"

Qin Luo was a little dizzy.

1-star Elite dropped Silver Skill Book?

Never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined that.

Ding… Silver Skill Book [Berserk Strike] detected, upgraded? '

What?

This time, he really fainted.

Damn it, even the skill book could be upgraded?

"Transcendence!"

He roared.

[Berserk Strike (Epic)] consumes 50 Mana Points to activate on a single target, dealing 500% damage, and it will definitely cause the target to be seriously injured. Attributes will be reduced by 10%, there is a certain chance of causing an absolute serious injury, all attributes will be reduced by 20%! (Each target can only be used once) Cooldown: 3 minutes! Learning Requirement: Warrior!

Epic?!!

“I’m invincible.”

Qin Luo Sheng mumbled to himself in a daze. His expression was that of a fool.

“There’s nothing to say. I’m undoubtedly the Child of Destiny.”

1-star Elite dropped a Silver Skill Book, which was upgraded to an Epic Skill Book.

With such luck, what else could it be but the Son of Destiny?

With a light tap, the skill book turned into a stream of light and entered his glabella.

I learned.

"As expected of the Epic stage. It's indeed violent."

Looking at the effects of the Berserk Strike, he could not help but drool.

Five times the damage was already shocking enough. The key was that it could reduce the target's attributes by 10%. That was very scary.

It was not very effective against players, but when used on Bosses, the effect was simply explosive.

Especially when there was a certain chance of triggering a 20% reduction in all attributes, it was simply shameless.

"Continue. If even the guards are so powerful, the Wolf King will not be stingy, right?"

Qin Luo's heart was burning as he dived into the Enchanted Forest.

"Howl…"

"Howl…"

"Howl…"

In the Enchanted Forest, horrifying wolf howls rose and fell continuously.

In addition, the forest blocked the sunlight, and the temperature dropped, making it even more eerie and lonely.

People with poor mental fortitude would probably not even have the courage to enter.

Qin Luo was not afraid.

"Compared to reality, the forest in the game is much safer."

"In real life, the forest is full of dangers. There are dangers everywhere. Due to living in the forest, it is chaotic. In the game, the areas are fixed and the monsters are fixed. It can be said that there is no threat."

“In a real forest, you have to be wary of everything around you with every step you take. Those that want your life might not be ferocious beasts, but they might even be insignificant snakes, insects, rats, and ants.”

“As for this place, we only need to pay attention to the demonized wolves.”

After all, this was the lair of the demonized wolves, and the density of their attacks was incomparable to that of the Breezy Plains. It was normal for two demonized wolves to attack together, but there were also quite a few of them attacking together. Four or five of them had encountered each other before.

After the increase in strength, it was just a small scene.

He could kill them at Level 1, but now that he was Level 4, he could kill them easily.

He pushed his way through.

In just half an hour, nearly a hundred demonized wolves had died under Qin Luo's sword, including three demonized wolf guards.

This time, he was not so lucky. However, the three Demonized Wild Wolf Guards also contributed one piece of equipment each. Unfortunately, they did not have anything useful, so they could only throw it into their backpacks to eat the dust.

"Is this the place?"

Standing at the entrance of a cave, Qin Luo's relaxed heart was slightly relieved.

"That should be it."

In the hinterlands of the wolf pack, there were four demonized wolves guarding the entrance of the cave. Inside was definitely the target of this trip—Demon King Wolf King.

A cold wind blew and the air was chilly.

The environment had given Qin Sheng a lot of pressure even before he met the real master.

The bottom of the pitch-black cave was unknown, and his vision gradually decreased with the weakening light. Finally, he could only see about a meter around him.

Hu hu hu…

Not long after he left, Qin Sheng, whose entire body was focused on Qin Luo, heard a steady breathing sound.

Holding her breath, she crept towards the source of the sound.

"This is…"

After a turn, the dark cave became bright. It was not sunlight, but green.

"Damn beast!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth, killing intent boiling in his eyes.

What did he see?

He saw mountains of corpses. There were sheep, cows, deer… and most of them were human bones.

The green light that lit up the gloomy and cold cave was phosphorescence. It was the phosphorescence of the giant wolf that was currently sleeping on the pile of bones. It was the phosphorescence of the bones of people who had been cruelly eaten for countless years.

"Calm down!"

Although his heart was filled with rage, Qin Sheng did not lose his rationality. He wanted to take advantage of the fact that the Wolf King was still asleep to launch a sneak attack and seize the initiative.

"Wait, that is?"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze wandered as he tried to find a spot that would be beneficial for the upcoming battle. Unexpectedly, he found a pool of blood before he could find the spot.

The blood had not yet coagulated into black dead blood, which meant that it had not been long, and the putrid smell that drifted into his nose…

"Could it be…"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were clouded.

Following the trail of blood, at the end of the path was a broken corpse.

She was dressed exactly like the hunters in the camp. The broken bow in her hand was the same standard bow…

These might not be solid evidence.

However…

That face that was 70 to 80% similar to Village Chief proved that he was Wang Xiaomin, Village Chief's second son, the young hunter who chased after the wolf king to save him.

Qin Luo Sheng squatted down and looked at the corpse of Wang Xiaomin, whose stomach had been ripped open and internal organs emptied. He reached out and closed his eyes that he could not close in peace.

"I'll avenge you!"

[Demonized Wild Wolf King (Bronze Boss)]

Level: LV6

Health: 5000

Attack: 380

Defense: 150

Speed: 85

Skills: [Bloody Heavy Claw] [Berserk Bite] [Demonic Wolf Flames]

Introduction: The Wolf King that is tainted by demonic energy is gradually evolving into a magical beast. It has a high IQ and knows how to control its subordinates. It is extremely cunning and difficult to deal with. After a long period of blood nourishment, its strength has increased greatly. It has gained initial control of demonic energy and can use magic.

Was it bronze?

What about black iron?

‘ By whom?’

5000 Health Points, 380 Attack!

Too strong.

His Health Points were still manageable, but if he slowly depleted them, they would eventually be depleted.

But that attack power was too terrifying.

380 points. Didn't that mean that he would lose over 200 health points just by touching it?

After five or six times, he would immediately die.

This was just a normal attack.

One had to know that this guy had three skills, and the last one was a long-range magic skill.

There were only a dozen magical defenses. How could he resist?

“The Demonized Wild Wolf King’s speed is a bit faster than mine, and the recovery effect of the dried meat isn’t as good as the damage it can cause me. The battle of attrition can be eliminated.”

Qin Luo pondered. "And not only are there no obstructions in this terrain, but there are also many rugged stone platforms. This will help the Wolf King to use his jumping and lunging advantage. guerrilla warfare won't work either."

"In this case, there is only one choice."

After some deductions, he returned to the starting point.

It was a head-on battle.

If he was reckless, he would do it.

Qin Luo walked forward while holding the Wolf Fang dagger tightly.

Three seconds for one step, five seconds for one step.

In fact, every step took ten seconds.

If there was any movement, he would stop. After making sure that there was no problem, he continued.

From the corner to the center, it was only about thirty meters. It took twenty seconds for Qin Sheng to walk normally.

The wolf king that was within reach had a huge body that was three meters tall. Its entire body was pitch black, and its fur was like thorns, emitting a biting cold light. A ruthless aura was emitted from it, and it was like a prehistoric beast that instilled fear in others.

Qin Qin Sheng was also afraid.

This was too realistic!

It was just virtual data, but he felt like he was facing a bloodthirsty and brutal wolf king. Its aura could easily trigger the fear in his cells.

"Oh? There's blood!"

At such a close distance, Qin Sheng could clearly see that there was something wrong with the fur on the right side of the Wolf King's neck. It was dark red, the color of dried blood.

"It's you, right, Wang Xiaomin?"

It was a very obvious arrow wound. Qin Sheng could tell at a glance. He took a deep breath. "The wound you put your life on will be the Wolf King's death warrant."

"Crap!"

At this moment, the slumbering Wild Wolf King suddenly opened its eyes. Its eyes were filled with ruthlessness as it stared straight at Qin Luo Sheng, causing his scalp to tingle.

“Bastard, die!”

With a furious roar, the Heavenly Wolf + Divine Flash was activated.

The sword strike was as fast as lightning. It was like a furious dragon going out to sea.

"Berserk… Heavy Strike!"

This was the first time an Epic-level skill had appeared.

The Wolf Fang Short Sword, which carried a violent power, was glowing with orange light. The sharp tip of the sword stabbed fiercely at the wound on the Wolf King's neck.

Without the protection of the wolf fur that was like steel needles and the wolf skin that was as hard as iron, the Wolf Fang dagger was like a hot knife cutting through butter, easily piercing through. That feeling was very smooth, very comfortable.

"Howl…"

The old wound had yet to recover, and the wound had suffered even more severe injuries. The intense pain caused the Wolf King to howl in extreme pain.

At the same time, it also made it extremely berserk!