Chapter 11: Trial Grounds

What happened?

The system notification made the four people, who were unprepared, dumbfounded once again.

Looking up, they saw the berserker they had identified as a simpleton charging forward with a golden sword in his hand. Behind him was a berserker bull that had died with its eyes open. Beside the corpse, there were specks of starlight representing the equipment.

Yatu:???

Fengxing: Σ (⊙ ▽ ⊙)

Mumu: (∞)

Qing Yi:…

[Enraged Bull]

Level: LV5

Health: 800

Attack: 80

Defense: 30

Speed: 45

Skill: [Barbaric Bulls Attack]

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary bull that lived on the grasslands and plains. It had a gentle personality. After it was affected by the weak demonic Qi, it became easily agitated and would take the initiative to attack humans.

"Is this the difficulty mode monster? It's too weak!"

Qin Luo complained.

All in all, this attribute was not even comparable to a level 5 demonized wolf.

At Level 1, he was able to defeat the Enchanted Wild Wolf. Now that he was Level 7, he was fully armed. He even had two pieces of Gold equipment on him. How could he spoil it?

The Berserk Attack, which was as high as 326 points, exploded when it landed on the Enraged Bull, whose Defense was only 30 points.

-294!

-588!

-588!

-294!

-588!

…

Level suppression, coupled with his own 25% Critical Hit chance, the trigger rate was terrifyingly high.

General Damage: 294, Critical Hit: 588!

The critical strike triggered was two strikes and one berserk bull.

The efficiency was astonishing.

How long would it take to execute two strikes?

One second!

It was equivalent to an instant kill!

-1!

MISS!

MISS!

-1

-1

…

The Barbaric Bull's weak attacks could not break through its defense at all. Even if it was not hit by Qin Luo's MISS, it had only dealt 1 point of damage.

Qin Sheng could not even be bothered with the attack that could not even be considered as Rao Yingjie. It was useless even if hundreds of berserk bulls attacked together.

He didn’t even need to use any potions to maintain his peak condition.

Less than ten minutes later.

The first stage was cleared.

Over a hundred berserk bulls were all killed, turning into experience points for the five people in the team.

"Big Brother, you're so fierce!"

Fengxing was excited.

"It's alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was indifferent. "Continue!"

"Hmph, arrogant!"

Little Chili Mumu snorted again and mumbled, but this time her voice was much softer.

"Mumu!"

Yatu called out with an embarrassed expression. Little Chili was still unconvinced, but after being pulled by her hair, her lips moved a little, but she didn't say anything.

"Brother, I'm sorry!"

Yatu apologized. "This is the dropped equipment. There are four of them. They are all here."

"Take it."

Qin Sheng lost interest when he saw that it was four pieces of white equipment.

"This, the monsters were all killed by you, so the equipment should be yours too."

Yatu insisted on handing over the equipment.

"I don't like these trash!"

Qin Luo Sheng rejected the deal and entered the next round through the Teleportation Stone.

…

Demonized Wild Wolf

Level: LV5

Health Points: 1,200

Attack: 120

Defense: 30

Speed: 70

Skill: [Sharp Tooth Bite]

Introduction: Wild wolves infected by demonic Qi become even more vicious and violent. Once they discover prey, they will lose their rationality and fight to the death.

"Oh, it's someone familiar!"

Qin Luo, the monster of the second stage, was delighted when he saw it.

There was nothing to say!

He charged forward!

“Heavy Slash!”

-358!

Again!

"Double Slash!"

-218!

-504!

Then, a general attack!

-294!

"Howl…"

The claw had barely brushed past Qin Sheng's chest when the demonized Wild Wolf King, which had caused a compulsory damage, let out a mournful howl before it collapsed and turned into a corpse.

The four people who had just entered the second stage:???

Just a few seconds?

Just killing a demonic wolf?

Did he choose the wrong model? Why was he so weak?

However—

"Ding… Your team has killed the Demonized Wild Wolf King and received 80 experience points!"

80 experience points broke the doubt.

Apart from the experience increase from the Difficult Mode, how could there be 80 experience points in a team?

"Too slow!"

After easily killing the demonized wolf, Qin Sheng waved his hand and said, "You guys are responsible for luring the monsters. Leave the rest to me. Move faster and save time. Finish earlier and leave earlier."

The monsters in the second stage were of a higher quality, but their numbers had clearly decreased.

However, the map was slightly larger.

The demonized wolves were too scattered. It was a waste of time for him, a Berserker, to search them one by one.

There were Shield Warriors in the team. Once the taunt was out, the monsters would come.

There were also archers and mages with long arms.

Of course he had to make use of it.

"Alright!"

Yatu, who had lost his command, nodded and immediately took action.

It was not a bad thing to be led by a big shot, but they were proud and arrogant. When had they ever been ignored like this?

In the first round, they were just spectators.

Could it be the same after that?

Even if he could not compare to her, he had to at least display his worth.

"Ridicule!"

Yatu strode forward and fiercely smashed the wooden shield in his hand. He used his skill and instantly, the eyes of the five demonized wolves around him turned red as they pounced forward like mad dogs.

"Fireball!"

"Penetrating Arrow!"

Behind him, the archers Windwalker and Firefiend Mumu launched their first attack.

As for Qin Luo.

He had already taken action the moment the taunt was thrown.

By the time the fireballs and arrows fell, the first demonized wolf had already died miserably under the bloodthirsty sword edge.

The refined iron arrow hit!

-38!

An orange fireball!

-55!

"What a pervert!"

A certain Little Chili pouted unhappily.

Fengxing looked helpless as well.

How could they compare?

They were not even in the same dimension!

If he attacked, the damage would be less than half a hundred. With just a simple A, the other party almost broke through three hundred. If he used a skill, based on the four to five algorithms, it would be ten times his damage.

It was not that bad, but when he did the math—

Fengxing: "…"

He had shut himself out!

-33!

-33!

-33!

-33!

With one dead, the remaining four demonized wolves that were still being mocked could not help but attack Yatu.

After a round of attacks, Yatu's health bar dropped drastically, and his health bar instantly dropped by a quarter.

"Healing Spell!"

+ 60!

At this moment, a holy light descended.

Qing Si's healing spell allowed Yatu to recover half of his health points.

Qin Luo wielded his sword and attacked.

Heavy Slash + Double Slash!

Three attacks, three critical strikes.

He instantly killed another demonized wolf.

"Get lost!"

With a kick, the huge force caused the demonized wolf that was about to pounce on Yatu to stagger and its attack was broken.

Next, using Bloodlust's single-handed sword as a double-handed heavy sword, a powerful and heavy strike ruthlessly slashed towards the demonized wolf on the other side.

-1,200!

A crazy four-digit damage.

A terrifying black fatal strike!

The unlucky demonized wolf wailed as it was instantly killed when it was at full health.

He turned around.

Flat A, flat A, and flat A again.

Another three strikes.

The demonized wolf that had been kicked away also died under Bloodthirst’s blade.

In less than ten seconds, five ferocious demonized wolves had died. Only Fengxing and Mu Mu were left.

He strode forward.

[Heavy Slash] + flat A!

The last demonized wolf died!