Chapter 12: The First Bucket Of Gold (1)

"Is he still human?"

Yatu, who had been acting as a meat shield and taking the beating, looked at the five wolf corpses blankly, his mouth twitching slightly.

It was too scary.

Just now, the five of them had worked together meticulously. It had taken them at least three minutes to kill a demonized wild wolf. Not only did it consume time, energy, and potions, but the key was that if anyone made a mistake, they would face the danger of being wiped out.

But now…

After changing teammates.

Wasn’t this too fierce?!

A god descending to the mortal world?

Or did he hang himself?

"I dropped two pieces of equipment and a black metal armor."

Fengxing, who was acting as his subordinate, had already kept the spoils of war and ran over excitedly.

“I don’t need it.”

Just as Yatu was about to speak, Qin Sheng spoke first. "At market price, just give me my share."

A Black Iron-grade armor could be used by both Shield Warriors and Berserkers. With a Silver-grade wolf-skin soft armor, Qin Sheng naturally did not fancy it.

Based on his contribution, Qin Sheng could totally claim all the equipment for himself.

His teammates were against it?

Hehe, what a joke.

With such efficiency, why would he need a bicycle?

Furthermore, with a god like him around, passing the difficult trial was no longer impossible. If he could obtain the rewards after passing the trial, not only would he not want the equipment, he might even be willing to pay.

However, Qin Sheng had his own principles.

Things that had already been agreed upon would not change.

Previously, he had been hoping to blend in with the team. After realizing that he had overestimated the difficulty of the trial, he had bared his fangs in order to not waste any time. As long as his teammates could cooperate and not cause trouble, anything was fine.

With the sublimation ability of the Starlight Miracle, these white and black metals really did not catch his eye.

Of course, there was another reason, which was that the backpack really could not fit anymore.

"Alright then!"

Startled, Yatu nodded and applied for the trade.

"Let's go together later!"

Qin Luo declined. Under the stunned gazes of the four people, he said indifferently, "It's too troublesome to make a deal once. We'll settle it once and for all during the final count."

Yatu winced.

What a show-off.

I give him full marks.

"Boss, does your family know that you're so awesome?"

Fengxing didn't know how to complain. "Black Iron equipment, do you think it's like cabbages? Now, white equipment is scarce. At least 95% of players don't even have a set of white equipment."

"Is it that bad?"

Qin Luo was taken aback.

He really did not know about all these.

“It’s just so tragic.”

Yatu sighed. "We bought most of our equipment. Those guys are getting more unlucky. But there's no choice. The drop rate is too low."

"Yes, yes." Little Chili Mumu also joined in the conversation. She nodded repeatedly with a face full of deep hatred. "The equipment seller is so annoying. The staff in my hand has been hacked for 20,000 yuan. Boohoo, this is my allowance for a day."

What?

20,000 yuan per day?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the crying Mu Mu with black lines all over his face, feeling as if someone had stabbed his heart.

Was this the legendary fair, rich, and beautiful woman?

Damn it.

I have to be meticulous when it comes to breakfast and keep it under ten dollars.

He had bought a tattered black iron staff and paid 20,000 without blinking.

Most importantly, this was just his pocket money.

Haha!

This world was truly filled with malice.

"You guys are really daring!"

Qin Luo complained.

"…"

At the side, Yatu looked embarrassed. He didn't know if the Almighty was sighing or mocking him, so he couldn't reply.

He did not say anything, but Mu Mu continued, "No, it's just one less afternoon tea to lose weight."

Qin Luo made another slash.

Feelings—

A huge sum of 20,000 yuan had been reduced to a meal after pocket money?

King Mu, please stop talking.

Me!

Poor b * stard!

He was going to shut down!

"Oh, did you all get a set of black iron?"

Qin Qin asked.

"No!"

Fengxing sighed and said helplessly, "How can black iron be so easy to produce? If it's sold for little, it's sold for even less. Once there's goods, who knows how many people will fight over it, forcefully raising the price. It's not suitable not to buy it, and I don't want to be a spendthrift."

Not even a set of black iron?

Qin Luo Sheng immediately had a look of disdain.

After all this time, he was still a pile of trash?

Tsk tsk…

So what if he was rich?

He could only wear tattered clothes.

Look at me!

A loser.

The most trashy items on him were all bronze.

"Oh!"

Qin Luo's eyes shone brightly as he stroked his chin and asked, "I have some equipment to sell. Are you guys interested?"

After going online today—

After handing in the mission, he went to the Wu Clan, the Divine Temple to change his occupation, appraise his equipment, and then entered the trial grounds.

He had been so busy that he had forgotten to clear his inventory, which resulted in his backpack being full.

He had planned to throw the equipment onto the virtual platform later.

Now that there was a ready-made tycoon in front of him, why was there a need to seek the distant?

"I want, I want." Little Chili Mumu raised her hand like a primary school student. "Hmph, I want to see what kind of equipment you take out when you don't even care about black iron equipment!"

Yo!

He seemed to have been underestimated.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Little Chili, who had initially looked down on him, looked down on him, and ridiculed him. Now, she was actually looking at him without saying anything, and even showing her innocent side, actively communicating with him. He was somewhat surprised and relieved.

Such a drastic change.

I must have conquered her with my powerful strength!

It seemed like!

A loser was indeed not worthy of being a goddess.

Only the strong were qualified!

"Don't worry, brother. As long as it's suitable, we'll definitely offer the highest price," said Yatu hurriedly when he saw Qin Sheng pondering.

"That's right, Boss. Sell it to us!" Fengxing said with a look of resignation.

"Sure!" Qin Sheng shrugged and asked, "What grade do you guys want?"

"What grade?"

The four of them were stunned.

Could he still choose for himself?

It's not that you can produce whatever you have.

"Braggart King!" Mu Mu scratched his face in disdain. Ka Zilan looked at him with contempt. "I want gold. Do you have it?"

"Gold!" Qin Luo smiled with his eyes narrowed. "I have it!"

“I don’t believe it!” Mu Mu stood with her hands on her hips, her eyes wide with anger. “Impossible!”

"Oh, what if I do?" asked Qin Sheng.

Mu Mu shook her head. "Impossible, impossible. Take it out for me to see."

"How about this, if I take out Gold equipment, you can call me 'good brother'?"

Was he teasing her?

Teasing?

"You!" Mu Mu's face turned red instantly. She bit her lip and stomped her feet forcefully. She said angrily, "Hmph, I'm not going to scream."

"Fine, I won't tease you anymore." Sensing the strange gazes of the three people beside him, Qin Sheng's lips twitched. He coughed twice and changed the topic. "Make up your mind earlier, don't waste time."

As he spoke, he shared nearly 30 pieces of equipment in his backpack with the team.

Silence.