Chapter 10: Golden Sword: Bloodthirsty!

"Sister Qing Si!"

Qin Luo's delicate voice pulled his soul back. He took a few deep breaths before he managed to suppress his restless heart.

"Big brother, is he our new teammate?" the youngster asked.

"I haven't agreed yet." The young man said helplessly, "What do you think, brother? Aren't you going to consider it?"

"Why me?" Qin Luo asked.

"Intuition!" The youth said seriously, "Intuition tells me that you are an expert."

Qin Luo remained silent and looked at him.

"Alright!" Under the gazes of numerous people, the young man was also a little embarrassed. He spread out his hands and answered honestly, "I've searched the surroundings and only saw you who didn't form a team and was fully equipped."

Qin Qin Sheng finally understood.

He thought he had been exposed.

After all, as the first man to appear on global television, it was normal for others to treat him as an expert!

"Alright, I'll do it with you all this time!"

Qin Sheng agreed after pondering for a moment.

Firstly, he liked people. Secondly, he really needed to find a team to test the waters and obtain information about the various aspects of the trial grounds.

"Hmph, hypocritical man."

At this moment, the little beauty walked over while holding the big beauty's arm. When she heard Qin Sheng's words, she couldn't help but mutter softly.

"I have something on. Gather at the teleportation NPC in ten minutes."

The corners of Qin Luo's lips twitched as he turned around and left.

"We're waiting for you!"

…

Qin Qin Sheng had not gone far. His target was the appraiser.

After some conversation, their relationship with the appraiser turned into one of sincerity and they received a promise of preferential treatment.

After paying an astronomical appraisal fee of three gold coins, all the equipment was appraised successfully.

As usual—

"Miracle Starlight!"

The five pieces of equipment were upgraded smoothly. Three yellow and two white lights almost blinded their eyes.

[Steel Bow]

Type: Longbow

Grade: Silver

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Attack + 52, Strength + 5

Introduction: A bow forged from fine iron. Due to the cheap material, it is cheap and is well liked. Be it a hunter or a soldier, it is often equipped.

A silver longbow was not bad. It should fetch a good price.

[Wolf Bone Helmet]

Category: Helmet

Grade: Silver

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Defense + 25, Constitution + 3

Introduction: A helmet forged from a combination of hard wolf bones and heavy metal. It has extremely strong defense and is able to withstand strong arrows.

There was nothing else to say. He directly changed out of the level 3 Bronze Wolf Skin Hat, and his Defense increased a little.

[War of pity]

Type: Scepter

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 5

Effect: Magic Attack + 85, Constitution + 5, Spirit + 5

Special Effect: [Sigh of Pity] increases healing effects by 15%!

Introduction: It is said to be a scepter used by a certain Great Light Priest when he was young. It has accompanied him in saving countless suffering and absorbing his compassion. It has the power to heal.

"What amazing special effects."

Although the effects of pity were very strong, anyone who wasn't an idiot would focus their attention on the special effects.

What was a priest?

Nanny!

The promise of team survival and sustained combat.

The most important thing was the healing effect, which was the amount of milk.

The Sigh of Pity increased the healing effect by 15%, which was equivalent to 15% more healing, greatly increasing the survival rate of the team.

In terms of value, it was definitely better than other weapons of the same level.

As long as they met the right ballers, it was impossible for the villa to be near the sea. However, it should not be a problem for them to find a normal boutique house.

Continue—

[Magic Earrings]

Type: Earrings

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 5, Mage

Effect: Spirit + 15, 5% Magic Attack, 5% Magic Critical Hit

Special Effect: [Source of Magic] Regains 2% maximum mana per second!

Introduction: An earring that is filled with magic power. It can greatly increase magic power. Rumor has it that there is a magic power source stone sealed inside. It can restore the wearer's magic power forever.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo was filled with grief and indignation.

It was another Gold-tier special equipment, and it did not conflict with Wolf Fang’s earpiece.

However…

Why a mage?

"If a Warrior is good enough and changes the effect to + 5, 5% physical damage, 5% physical damage, and the source of mana becomes the source of life, recovering 2% health, wouldn't I be able to fly?"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to cry but had no tears as he checked the last item. It was a long sword that was emitting a demonic bloody glow.

[Bloodthirsty]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Gold

Requires: Level 6, Berserker

Effect: Attack + 120, Strength + 10

Special Effect: After [Bloodthirst] hits the target, it will absorb 10% of the damage and convert it into its own health points!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It is said that it was a weapon forged using blood ores. Because it can absorb blood, it is hated and regarded as an evil weapon. Later on, it was abandoned and its whereabouts are unknown.

"Awesome!"

The gloom of the magic earrings was gone.

An attack as high as 120 points plus 10 points of Strength equaled 130 points.

The most important thing was the special effect [Bloodthirst].

10% blood-sucking ability was equivalent to carrying a permanent medicine bottle.

If the damage was high enough, it would be better than medicine bottles.

Moreover, Bloodlust did not conflict with potions.

This was equivalent to taking two bottles of medicine at the same time. The effect was not as simple as 1 + 1 = 2!

Qin Luo equipped it directly and opened his stats window—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV7

Class: Warrior

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 120

Power: None

Money: 9 Gold, 53 Silver, 77 Copper

Basic Attributes: 105 STR, 39 Constitution, 21 Agility, 20 Spirit

Special attributes: Luck 0, Charm Max, Enlightenment 0, Tenacity 0, Focus 0

Health Points: 1660 / 1660

Mana: 1270 / 1270

Physical Attack: 225 (+ 25%)

Magic Attack: 20 (+ 25%)

Physical Defense: 134 (+ 5%)

Magic Defense: 13 (+ 5%)

Speed: 71 (+ 15%)

Dodge: 15%

Critical Hit: 15%

Elemental Resistance: 0% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Invincible!

Who could compete with this attribute?

…

Ten minutes passed in a flash.

Qin Luo followed his promise and arrived at the gathering point.

Ding… Player Yatu invites you to join the team. Do you accept? '

"Accept!"

"??? Join the team."

"He even hid his ID and pretended to be mysterious," the little beauty muttered.

The other three did not speak.

Ding… trial grounds opened. Current difficulty: Difficulty! '

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the surroundings indifferently and opened the team.

Leader: Yatu, Shield Warrior, Level 6!

Team member: Wind Walker, Archer, Level 6!

Team member: Azuresilk, Priest, Level 5!

Team member: Mu Mu, fire mage, level 5!

Team member:???, Berserker, Level 7!

The configuration was alright!

"Gosh, a Level 7 boss?"

Fengxing suddenly let out a strange cry.

Yatu's eyes flickered. He coughed lightly and said, "Ahem, brother, are you going to lead?"

“You’d better do it. I’m not familiar with it.”

Qin Luo declined.

Since he was here to get information, he naturally had to follow the old bird. If he were to command, he would probably be reckless.

"We've already gone through Difficult Mode once. We didn't encounter any traps, but the monsters are 50% stronger than normal Mode. It's very difficult to kill them."

Ya Tu could roughly tell that Qin Sheng had never entered the trial grounds before, so he gave a simple explanation.

No traps?

Since that's the case, let's end this quickly!

"I'm in a hurry!" Qin Luo Sheng drew out his bloodthirstiness and strode forward. "If there's anything you need to take note of, remind me."

He went up alone?

The four of them were dumbfounded.

“Big Brother, where did you find Han Han?” Feng Xing asked in a low voice.

Level 7 was indeed a big shot.

But wasn't he too confident?

Did he really think that the difficult mode could be easily pushed aside?

Then why do we need teammates?

If it was that simple, they would not have been wiped out just now!

However—

Three seconds later!

Ding… your team has successfully killed the Enraged Bull. EXP + 55! '

???