Chapter 13: The First Bucket Of Gold (2)

“Waa ~ Waa ~ ~ ~ Waa ~ ~ ~”

Mu Mu's face turned red as she jumped up and shouted excitedly, "Gold equipment! It's even an earring! Ahhh, I really want it!"

It was the same for Mu Mu and the others.

Even her hair, which had always been cold and elegant like a fairy, had ripples in her beautiful eyes as she stared at the [War of Pity].

"Boss, are you a GM?"

Fengxing asked blankly.

"Oh, Fate Dimension has a GM?"

Qin Luo Sheng also found it funny.

"Hehe!"

Fengxing scratched his head awkwardly.

They discussed for a while.

"Brother, I want all these equipment!" Yatu had a serious expression on his face. "Increase by 10% according to the market price, then round it up. 200,000, I'll pay the handling fee."

"Oh, interesting!"

Qin Qin Sheng looked deeply at Ya Tu.

Initially, he thought that this guy would take the opportunity to propose a direct transfer of money and search for his real identity.

It looked like he was overthinking.

These four were definitely not children from ordinary families, especially Yatu—

He was calm, magnanimous, gentle, kind, and considerate. He would not test others easily, nor would he touch other people's taboos.

There was also her silent black hair. She was as beautiful as a fairy, but the key was her extraordinary and ethereal temperament.

This man and woman were definitely descendants of aristocratic clans.

Ordinary influential families could not nurture them.

On the other hand, it would be hard to guess what would happen to Miss Mumu, who was a hot-blooded teenager.

But at least the family had money.

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded expressionlessly. He had no intention of bargaining and accepted the deal.

When Mu Mu said that he would buy the black iron staff for 10,000 yuan, the price was definitely too high.

Besides, only weapons could be sold for a high price. The other four parts, the armor was fine, but the gauntlets, helmets, and shoes were cheaper.

There were only five weapons, and the rest were worthless parts. The price was 200,000, and it was because the quality was high enough.

The Silver Wolf Fang Short Sword, the Steel Bow, and the Bronze Wolf Spirit Scepter were worth at least 150,000.

"I want the war of pity. 200,000!"

The azure hair spoke.

It was like the cry of an oriole, a jade pearl falling onto a plate.

Her tone was gentle and cold, like an ethereal celestial voice. Even though it was pleasant to the ears, it lacked a trace of liveliness. It made people feel distant and difficult to approach.

200,000 was an astronomical price.

One had to know that this was only a level 5 equipment. It was destined to be eliminated.

If not for the fact that Gold equipment was extremely rare and the practicality of the war of pity was too high, it would be impossible to offer such a price. Even so, 200,000 gold coins was already too much.

"Sure!"

How could Qin Luo Sheng lose face when his boss loved him?

She agreed instantly.

"I want the magic earrings!" Beside him, Mu Mu looked at Qin Sheng pitifully, her big eyes flickering. "But this month's pocket money is only 100,000. Good brother, can you sell it to Mu Mu?"

Ha ~

Women!

Now you know how to praise your brother?

Where did he go just now?

"Mumu!" Yatu frowned and called out. Then, he looked apologetically at Qin Sheng and said, "My sister is joking. Brother, don't take it seriously. Can 200,000 magic earrings be appreciated?"

“No thanks. It’s just a transition suit.”

Qin Sheng, who had already earned 200,000 yuan, was in a good mood. He said, "100,000 yuan then!"

Then, he looked at the indifferent black hair. "A war of pity will only cost 100,000."

It was not lust.

However, special accessories such as earrings were only sold for 100,000 yuan. It was not appropriate to sell the war of pity for 200,000 yuan.

"Hmph!" However, Mu Mu did not understand Qin Sheng's good intentions. His first impression seemed to have misunderstood something. After a cold snort, he mumbled unhappily, "Pervert!"

Qin Sheng:…

Forget it!

‘ I won’t argue with you on account of you being a big client.’

"Sure, go ahead!"

After negotiating the price, they didn't waste any time.

Qin Luo Sheng placed a spicy black iron gauntlet on the virtual trading platform, priced at 440,000.

Which idiot would buy it at such a high price?

Yatu bought it.

However, this 440,000 was the sum of nearly 30 pieces of equipment, including 10% of the transaction fee.

"It feels good!"

The money arrived.

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief.

In the morning, he was still worrying about the rent and living expenses. Unexpectedly, in less than half a day, he had earned nearly 400,000 yuan.

"So you are Weeping Soul. I should have known. Other than you who can kill a Bronze Boss alone, no one else can take out so many high-level equipment."

Yatu smiled bitterly.

He knew Qin Luo's ID through the equipment trade.

“Weeping Soul Beast?” Feng Xing released a strange cry, his voice extremely loud.

Beside her, Mu Mu's eyes instantly lit up, looking like a little fangirl.

Even the calm and indifferent azure hair's eyes flashed with curiosity.

He had no choice.

Weeping Soul's ID was too explosive.

He was the first person to appear on the international television and enter hundreds of countries around the world. In the eyes of billions of people, such a legendary and mysterious expert was right in front of them. How could they not be curious?

"Continue. Don't waste time."

Qin Sheng remained silent as he faced the four pairs of curious eyes, especially the one Mu asked directly.

They were just teammates who had met by chance. In-game and outside of-game, they were destined to not be the same kind of people. Why should they interact too much?

"Brother Weeping Soul, add me as a friend. If you have any equipment in the future, you can contact me.” Yatu sent a friend request.

Qin Qin Sheng hesitated for a moment before confirming.

Indeed, with such a financier around, it would be much more convenient for them to produce goods in the future.

"Me too!"

Haruyuki squeezed over.

"Me too!"

Qin Sheng:…

After all, he had just received a few hundred thousand yuan, and it would be difficult for him to reject it. Thus, he could only add it all.

Ding… Player Cyan Hair has added you as a friend. Do you accept? '

???

What was going on?

This otherworldly woman was here too?

Turning around, he saw the black hair looking at him.

Facing his gaze, she did not avoid it like a normal girl. Her expression was calm and her eyes were like a pool of water without any ripples.

"Yes!"

The corner of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched imperceptibly. His instincts told him that this woman was extremely annoying.

Finally!

He still added.

His instincts told him that something bad would happen if he refused.

…

The trial grounds!

The third stage!

[Demonized Cheetah]

Level: LV6

Health: 2000

Attack: 150

Defense: 50

Speed: 80

Skill: [Bite] [Tail Strike]

Introduction: A cheetah tainted by demonic Qi is fast and has a strong bite force. It is good at sneak attacks and chasing. It can easily kill its prey. Other than its teeth and sharp claws, its powerful tail is also a means of attack.