Chapter 16: Single Trial: Nightmare! (1)

The Demonized Black Bear King had only just fallen when his corpse fell to the ground. Before it could even stop shaking, a black shadow had already dashed over and collected all the equipment that it had dropped.

He moved swiftly and skillfully.

It was amazing!

"The bronze shield has exploded!"

Fengxing shouted in surprise.

Immediately, a few people surrounded them.

The Demonized Black Bear King gave him face and dropped three pieces of equipment.

Don't think that three pieces of equipment were too little. Anyone who knew about Fate Dimension would understand the drop rate.

The most direct comparison was that only three or four pieces of equipment dropped from the hundred Enchanted monsters in the first level.

"I can use this shield."

The Bronze-grade shield was also called [Bronze Shield]. Unfortunately, it needed to be appraised and its attributes could not be seen.

Weeping Soul gave up Roll!

Fengxing gave up Roll!

Black Hair gave up Roll!

Mumu gave up Roll!

The four teammates were very sensible. The bronze shield was directly in Yatu's hands.

"Erm, Brother Weeping Soul, I've just bought all the potions with my money. Do you think the cash dividend is okay?"

Yatu felt awkward.

He was a Shield Specialist. According to the rules, he had priority over the bronze shield.

However, he could take it, but he had to give his teammates a bonus.

After all, this was the production of a team.

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in understanding.

The value of the bronze shield was much more expensive than the Wolf Spirit Scepter that he had sold previously. Even the Silver-grade refined iron bow might not be as valuable.

The Proving Grounds didn’t appear. It wasn’t that exaggerated.

But once the trial grounds appeared, the situation changed.

In particular, the Trial Grounds was divided into several difficulty levels. The higher the difficulty, the better the reward. This attracted the players' attention.

Whether it was for rewards, fame, equipment, leveling up, or anything else, the training ground had become the most popular place in Fate Dimension.

Normal players were still fine, but they could just focus on leveling up. It would be great if no one killed them.

Those with money and power would have more ideas.

But he couldn't win!

Putting the latter two difficulties aside, the Difficult Mode increased the strength of the monsters by 50%. It was really abnormal.

What if he couldn't clear it?

He could either weaken the monsters or improve himself!

There were too few Dark Priests that could weaken the monsters, and their weakening was limited. There was no need to consider them.

Then, he could only improve himself.

As a result, the price of equipment soared. Trash white equipment cost a few hundred yuan each. Black Iron and Bronze were even more expensive.

At the same time, the value of the game currency was increasing exponentially.

After all, NPCs did not buy potions from pharmacies!

Strictly speaking, among the six major professions, there were 15 professions (Mages had five elements to choose from).

In the five-man team, there were three positions that could be matched according to the situation, but two of them would definitely not be moved—

Shield Specialist and Light Priest!

Without a Shield Specialist, there was no way to fight the monsters or gain aggro. Once the OT started, the entire team would be wiped out. There was no second ending.

Lightless Graveyard. Unable to recover, unable to fight a protracted battle. Normal monsters might be able to take drugs hard, but BOSSes, without Light Graveyard's healing and support, Blood Bull Shield Specialists were just food.

Of course, there was one exception.

"How about 20,000 per person?"

Yatu estimated and spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng gasped in his heart.

Damn it, a bronze shield, 100,000 yuan?

Tycoon!

"I don't need any dividends, as long as you give me the wolf's eye. Of course, I'll also buy it at a high price, one copper coin per bead."

Qin Luo Sheng said, "You can also change your equipment."

“Wolf eyes?”

Yatu paused and looked at his backpack. "I only have 53."

As he spoke, he made the transaction.

"This thing has a high drop rate. It should be easy to collect."

"Me too!" Little Chili and Mumu also exchanged 33 pills and asked curiously, "What do you want this for? It's disgusting."

"Mission," Qin Luo replied.

Fengxing applied for a trade. "Boss, I have more than one group here."

Then—

Ding… Player Azuresilk has requested to trade, do you accept? '

"Accept!"

"Player Azuresilk is trading with you."

"Player Black Silk puts on the item: Wolf's Eye * 244!"

244?

So many?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at her hair in surprise.

He did not ask further.

He quietly placed 2 silver 44 copper coins on the table and clicked on the transaction.

"The transaction is successful!"

He glanced at the other two pieces of equipment. They were black iron, the dagger of a bandit, and the staff of a mage. They were useless.

Roll!

98!??

Oh, he was quite lucky.

He successfully waved the staff in his hand.

It was black iron now. Later, he would throw a "Starlight Miracle" over. At least it would be bronze. It was worth some money.

"Let's go, the next boss!"

After splitting the spoils, everyone left the Demonized Black Bear King's cave.

"Ding… This area is the territory of the Demonized Wild Wolf King. Do you wish to challenge it?"

Oh, they were old acquaintances!

Upon seeing the system notification, Qin Luo was instantly amused.

There was nothing more to say. He went straight in.

[Demonized Wild Wolf King (Enhanced Iron Boss)]

Level: LV6

Health: 5000

Attack: 320

Defense: 50

Speed: 85

Skills: [Bloody Heavy Claw] [Berserk Bite] [Demonic Flame]

Introduction: The Wolf King that is tainted by demonic energy is gradually evolving into a magical beast. It has a high IQ and knows how to control its subordinates. It is extremely cunning and difficult to deal with. After a long period of blood nourishment, its strength has increased greatly. It has gained initial control of demonic energy and can use magic.

This attribute was slightly stronger than the previous one, but it had not reached the level of increasing 50% ability.

Perhaps it was because the Boss in the wild was only a Bronze-tier Boss while this was a Black Iron-tier Boss. Even though it had been strengthened, there was still a difference in its grade. It couldn't be too much higher.

"I'm going, you guys act according to the situation!"

Although Qin Luo could handle it easily, his EQ was not that low. He had them stand by and watch the show.

He did not understand the principles, but he still knew how to conduct himself.

…

Three minutes later!

Demonized Wild Wolf King, flop!

If not for the fact that he had sealed Sky Wolf and Divine Flash, his speed would have at least doubled.

Killing this fellow was much easier than killing the Demonized Black Bear King.

Firstly, he had already killed them once. He knew their attributes, fighting style, and skills like the back of his hand.

Secondly, his defense was too weak. He could not withstand 510 attacks after the enhancement.

His experience bar increased by 10%, and two pieces of equipment appeared. Unfortunately, they were all black iron.

Continue, next!

Demonized Tiger King had the strongest attack, but it was useless!

Enjoy eight minutes.

The Demonized Cheetah King was the fastest, but it was still useless.

Enjoy ten minutes!

The Demonized Violent Lion King was the most comprehensive, especially the Lion's Roar. It had a deterrent effect and almost caused him to fail.

Enjoy fourteen minutes!

In the end, the weakest Demonized Barbaric Bull King was too weak to be mentioned.

From the moment he stepped into its territory—

Two minutes later, he died!

…

Ding… congratulations on passing the trial (difficult). Reward: Health + 50, Mana + 50, Strength + 5, Constitution + 5, Agility + 5, Spirit + 5!

"Ding, you can continue to challenge higher difficulty levels. Successfully clearing the level will result in a higher reward! (The reward will be covered and will not stack.)"

Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

He looked to the side.

The four teammates were also delighted, especially Little Chili Mumu, whose face was flushed with excitement.

"Thank you, Brother Weeping Soul. If not for you, we would not have been able to pass."

Yatu thanked him.

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng did not pretend to decline and merely nodded his head to express his gratitude.

"We've used up all three trial opportunities every day. Let's go train in the wild first. We'll contact you if you need anything."

Yatu said, "I've already informed my subordinates about the wolf's eye. I believe there will be news soon."

"Thank you!"

“I should.”

After bidding farewell to his teammates, Qin Sheng turned around and walked straight to the teleportation NPC in the trial grounds. He ignored the many team invitations beside him and chose to converse alone.

Ding… trial grounds' door has been opened. Do you wish to challenge? '

"Yes!"

"Please choose the difficulty!"

"Nightmare!"