Chapter 15: The Boss' Gathering Place: Hundred Beast Garden (2)

"Encourage!"

"Ding! You have been affected by Encourage. Physical Attack increased by 5% within 1 minute!"

"Berserk!"

Ding… you have activated Berserk. Increase Physical Attack by 10%. -5% Physical Defense. Duration: 30 seconds! '

Very good!

15% increase in attack!

In addition, the passive skill [Weapon Proficiency] increased damage by 15%!

Also, the passive 20% increase in physical attack from the [Undying Battle Intent]!

326 Physical Attack, + 50%!

510!

It was more than double the defense of the Demonized Black Bear King.

"Again!"

[Heavy Slash]

-620!

Critical Hit, awesome!

[Double Slash]

-217!

-248!

The two skills took away more than a thousand of the Demonized Black Bear King's health points, cutting off almost one-sixth.

Comfortable!

"Brother Weeping Soul, we're here!"

At this moment, his four teammates came to support him.

However…

As the aggro was firmly held back by Qin Luo, the Shield Specialist, Ya Tu, became extremely awkward. He had no right to resist the monsters and had no ability to attack. He could only stand by the side and watch the show.

The Priest Cyan Silk also joined in.

Only Feng Xing and Mu Mu, these two long-range attackers, were slightly useful.

However…

-1!

-22!

The Physical Attack arrows did not break through the defense, only deducting 1 Life Force.

On the other hand, the fireball magic worked, but the damage was also very limited. With 22 points, it could not even scratch the skin.

"What a monster!" Feng Xing stared at the trembling figure of the Demonized Black Bear King, lost in thought.

"Damn pervert!" Mu Mu stomped her feet on the ground with a displeased expression.

When had the proud and arrogant Miss Mu ever suffered such grievances? She was brought to lie down and had no presence at all!

Yatu said nothing.

The azure hair fell silent as well.

However, they seemed to be deep in thought.

"He really has thick skin!"

His teammate was a goner, but Qin Sheng did not. The [Bloodthirsty] 's sword kept slashing down, and every strike could take away the Demonized Black Bear King's considerable health points.

"Too slow!"

After dodging a few attacks, Qin Sheng grew impatient as he watched the effects of the enhancement fade away. He took the attack head-on and fought it head-on.

-128!

Tsk!

It was a little painful!

However, he was still far from it.

I have more than 2,000 health points!

"Again!"

[Heavy Slash]

-620!

+ 62!

[Double Slash]

-438!

+ 44!

-496!

+ 50!

"Awesome!"

Looking at the three yellow strikes floating above the head of the demonized bear, Qin Sheng felt thoroughly refreshed.

35% Critical Hit Chance was indeed powerful!

A set of combinations directly dropped about 1,500 health points.

Furthermore, the 10% Life-Steal effect of [Bloodthirst] also absorbed all the health points that he had just lost, instantly returning him to his peak state.

The green hair that was about to cast a healing spell…

Yatu shook his head helplessly. "Which god is he? He's terrifyingly strong!"

"Roar!"

The Demonized Black Bear King was enraged by the repeated attacks, and its health points were rapidly depleting. It stood up, its three-meter-tall body like a giant's, and its enormous bear paws were powerful enough to split mountains and split rocks. It smashed towards Qin Sheng.

"What a simple attack method!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

He was resisting the attack, but that did not mean he was a fool.

This was obviously a BOSS skill. The damage was extremely high. Although it was not enough to kill him instantly, the pain was still there. He was not masochistic.

"Ridicule!"

Just as he was about to dodge, a special light landed on the Black Bear King's body.

Qin Luo's palm, which had been descending towards the top of Qin Sheng's head, had deviated from its trajectory and was now MISSing him directly!

The roaring Demonized Black Bear King was forcefully attracted. It gave up on the enemy that had caused it great harm and walked to the side.

"The Shield Specialist's Taunt is really a godly skill!"

Qin Luo sighed.

This kind of skill that forced the target to attack oneself, when the time was right, could be used to control the situation.

Just like now.

Not only did it instantly resolve the crisis, but it also destroyed one of the Boss' skills.

"Defend with all your strength! Prepare the healing spell!"

However, although this move was cool, a crisis came.

Yatu couldn't withstand the Black Bear King's attack.

Before the Taunt effect ended, the aggro would not be diverted. The Demonized Black Bear King would continue to attack him.

"Defense!"

Yatu held his shield and activated his skill.

The muscles on his arm bulged, and a faint white light appeared on the surface of the wooden shield.

Boom…

The bear paw landed with tremendous force. Ya Tu, who was already prepared, raised his wooden shield and accurately blocked the attack.

-127!

Block + skill enhancement still took away a quarter of his HP.

+ 78!

At this moment, the pre-prepared healing spell landed and pulled back Yatu's health points.

A chain of arrows!

Fireballs danced!

Fengxing and Mu Mu attacked again.

Qin Luo Sheng was not idle either. Seizing this opportunity, he waved Bloodthirst repeatedly and slashed wildly at the demonized Black Bear King.

-127!

-127!

-127!

-127!

Even though the Demonized Black Bear King's attack speed was slow, it still managed to attack Yatu five times.

The damage caused by such a powerful attack had already exceeded Yatu's total health points. If it were not for the healing spell that pierced through the gaps between the attacks and the crazy consumption of drugs, he would have already become a corpse.

Even so, after the taunt, there was only a bit of blood left. If the Demonized Black Bear King touched it lightly, it would immediately die.

"Roar!"

As he neared death, the Demonized Black Bear King could no longer care about anything else. With another furious roar, a faint layer of yellow light appeared on his body.

The detection spell was activated.

Defense: 300!

F*ck!

It must be the skill [Earth Armor].

However, he never expected that his defense would be increased by 50%.

This was insane!

However, this was not the end.

Another earthen yellow light appeared, enveloping the Demonized Black Bear King's massive body.

At the next moment!

+ 2000!

Qin Qin Sheng and the others' faces turned green.

Shameless?

Not only did he increase his Defense by half, but he also instantly recovered nearly one-third of his Health Points?

Shameless!

“Fuck you! I’ll kill you!”

Qin Qin Sheng gnashed his teeth and slashed out fiercely.

"Berserk Strike!"

-2,100!

A shocking four-digit number of critical damage appeared. Not only was Ya Tu dead, even Qin Sheng himself was stunned.

Ding… you have severely injured the Demonized Black Bear King. Its attributes have decreased by 10%! '

It did not trigger a 20% reduction in attributes.

However…

500% meant five times the damage. With the addition of Critical Hit, the Demonized Black Bear King's health bar was directly depleted.

The 2,000 Health Points that had just been recovered by [Light of the Earth] were instantly suppressed by it, and it even lost 100 points.

"Roar…"

With such a heavy blow, the Demonized Black Bear King became even more berserk.

Unfortunately, with less than 1,000 HP left, it was already at the end of its rope.

Ding… you have killed the Demonized Black Bear King. You have gained 35,000 EXP and 10 Reputation! '

A golden light flashed.

99% of his experience bar broke through the bottleneck.

It leveled up!

"Ding… You have leveled up. Health + 10, Mana + 10. You have received 15 Free Attribute Points!"

Level 2 Lord of Stars, 3 times free attribute points.

Direct Strength + 15!

Another 15 Attack Power!

Comfortable!