Chapter 19: Backlash Of The Toxins

A voice that made one's scalp tingle suddenly sounded and filled the entire Snake Cavern.

Oh no!

Qin Qin Sheng instantly came to his senses and knew what foolish thing he had done.

"Damn it!"

He turned around and saw that at the end of the tunnel that connected to the snake cave, several venomous snakes of different colors had already crawled up. Their cold and ruthless snake eyes were looking at him.

"Fuck!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face instantly turned pale as he fled without hesitation.

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

How could the poisonous snakes let go of the prey that had entered their nest and walked right into their trap? They immediately gave chase.

"Leopard Tu!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Luo Sheng activated his skill. Instantly, his speed increased by 100% for 30 seconds!

This speed had surpassed his!

However, it was not enough!

Thirty seconds was not enough for him to run out of the tunnel.

"I'll fight it out with you!"

Gritting his teeth, a can appeared in Qin Sheng's hand.

"Die, snake bastards!"

Swish!

The can drew a perfect arc in the air and landed precisely among the snakes.

Boom!

In an instant, there was a loud explosion.

The range of 3x3 had been charred black.

The venomous snakes that only had 300 Health Points each had exactly 300 True Damage, so their Health Points were directly depleted.

Ding… You have killed the Flowery Snake. You have received 500 experience points! '

"Ding… You have killed the Black-bellied Snake. You have gained 500 experience points!"

"Ding… You have killed the Cobra and gained 500 experience points!"

"Ding… You have killed the Seven-Step Snake. You have gained 500 experience points!"

Ding…

In an instant, experience flooded the screen!

A large jar cleared a three-meter area, blocking the advance of the poisonous snakes.

Seizing this opportunity, Qin Sheng continued to run.

Now, it was a race against death.

Five * cans, five chances.

In this delay of five pursuits, he had to run out of the tunnel to escape.

Ding… You have killed the Flowery Snake. You have received 500 experience points! '

"Ding… You have killed the Black-bellied Snake. You have gained 500 experience points!"

"Ding… You have killed the Cobra and gained 500 experience points!"

"Ding… You have killed the Seven-Step Snake. You have gained 500 experience points!"

Ding…

However—

"What happened?"

Qin Sheng, who was running at full speed, heard the notifications of the system continuously. His EXP bar was increasing rapidly and he was still scrolling through the screen.

He turned around and was dumbfounded.

"What the f*ck?!"

He hurriedly braked.

"Isn't this too spectacular?"

What did he see?

He saw a colorful poisonous fog.

"Am I really a Destiny's Child? I actually found a way to break it by accident!"

Qin Qin was in disbelief.

At this moment, he recalled the description in [Introduction]. These venomous snakes that lived in the Dark Snake Cave had mutated. Not only did their poison ability increase greatly, but they could also shoot venom and launch long-range attacks. What was more sinister and decisive was that they would self-destruct at the moment of death and perish together with the enemy.

That's right!

It was self-destruction!

That jar had directly killed dozens of poisonous snakes. When they died, the poisonous gas produced by their self-destruction merged together, forming a seven-colored poisonous fog that spread across that area.

There was no intelligence, only an instinctive swarm of vipers, attracted by the sound of enormous running feet. They carried out their mission faithfully, ignoring the deadly rainbow poison gas as they passed.

The venomous snake was very poisonous, but its venom was stored in a poison bag and could only be injected through the venomous fangs and the bite of the prey. It was not poisonous in itself, and its resistance to poison was not high.

So—

This extremely poisonous fog directly taught them how to become snakes!

How could a weak 300 Health Points withstand the destruction of the poisonous fog?

In just a second, he was dead.

After that, the death explosion, the poison sac ruptured, and they contributed their own poison to strengthen the poisonous fog. Following that, their own kind followed in their footsteps and strengthened the poisonous fog once again…

A vicious cycle!

An unsolvable cycle!

"Does this count as using a bug?"

Qin Luo muttered to himself as he stared blankly at the dead snakes.

Perhaps it was because the first strike that caused all of this was his doing, so the system determined that he was responsible for the subsequent effects of the poisonous fog produced by him.

Poisoning someone to death was his. It increased his sin.

Poisoning the snake to death was also considered his, increasing his experience points.

This made Qin Luo very happy.

Was there any easier way to level up than this?

Experience came to him.

How exciting!

Ding… You have killed the Flowery Snake. You have received 500 experience points! '

"Ding… You have killed the Black-bellied Snake. You have gained 500 experience points!"

Ding…

Ding…

The experience continued for half an hour without stopping.

Originally, he only had 18% of his experience bar, but now, it was stuck at 97%!

It was unknown how many venomous snakes were "willing to die". The equipment, props, and materials they contributed covered the entire pathway. The starlight on the ground was blinding.

Unfortunately, they were all within the poisonous fog.

Qin Luo Sheng was helpless and did not dare to approach at all. He could only watch helplessly as they disappeared one by one and were reset by the system.

Such a waste of resources was simply too heartbreaking!

Fortunately, he gained more than half of the experience points, which was equivalent to picking it up for free. He gained some benefits and felt a little comforted.

Without the Loyal Spirit Snake, one after another, the poisonous fog continued to spread forward for a while before dissipating.

Even after the poison mist dissipated, Qin Sheng did not dare to move forward.

He had no choice.

He was afraid!

The lesson was still fresh in his mind.

He had seen how abnormal the poisonous fog was in the later stages. It was not poisonous to death, but poisonous to death. Were you afraid?

Just like biochemical weapons, if they were contaminated, they would not even leave a corpse.

Flesh melted into slag, bones disintegrated into powder.

Terrifying!

"It should be fine, right?"

Qin Sheng stood there and waited for half an hour. He used his own method to confirm it countless times, and only dared to make a move after coming to the initial conclusion that he was safe.

They arrived at the end of the tunnel again.

Looking down,

The snake pit that was densely packed a moment ago was now empty, leaving only piles of snake eggs.

"Are we going down?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at it over again. He took several deep breaths before gritting his teeth and jumping down.

The stench assailed his nostrils and a cold wind blew.

Even without the Snake Dowager, the Snake Cavern still gave Qin Sheng a lot of pressure.

Inside the snake cave, there was an unknown green liquid everywhere. It was smelly and viscous. Stepping on it was like stepping on glue. Every step Qin Sheng took was strenuous.

If they were to fight in such a place, it would not be much better than being stuck on a spider web. It would greatly restrict their movements and performance. It was equivalent to half a live target.

The snake pit was very deep, at least fifty to sixty meters deep.

The further down he went, the more sinister and cold Qin Sheng felt. The unease in his heart grew stronger as well.

Fortunately, all the poisonous snakes in the snake cave had been lured out and died miserably in the poisonous fog. There was no obstruction.

Soon, Qin Sheng landed at the bottom of the snake cave.

It was a vast area. Judging by its size, it should be as big as a football field.

However, there was less than a tenth of a footstep in this vast place.

That was because ninety percent of the eggs were of different sizes.

“What’s that?”

Qin Luo Sheng was on a stone platform with a distorted figure on it.

They were too far away, and his vision was too dark for him to see the whole thing. All he saw was a red snake tail, huge and monstrous.

Pa!

There was a soft sound as a snake egg was accidentally crushed.

It was so soft that even Qin Sheng himself could not hear it clearly.

However—

The twisting figure stopped!

"We've been discovered!?"

Qin Luo's mind went blank.

At the next moment, an indescribable feeling spread throughout his body, causing him to stiffen.

It was a fear that was deeply rooted in his genes!

The fear of being targeted by a top predator!

The scarlet pupils flickered in the distance, and a gaze filled with bloodlust and killing intent fell directly on him.

He had been locked onto.

The hunt was about to begin!