Chapter 14: The Boss' Gathering Place: Hundred Beast Garden (1)

"The monsters here are not single. They live in groups and are very complicated."

Ya Tu explained, "Other than the Demonized Panther, there are also the Demonized Ferocious Tiger, Demonized Black Bear, and Demonized Lion. They are all ferocious beasts, and their attributes are similar. However, according to their characteristics, in terms of life, attack, and defense, they are slightly different from the Demonized Panther."

"This attribute is not inferior to the Demonized Wild Wolf Guard."

Qin Luo quietly made a comparison. "As expected of the Difficult Mode. Even ordinary monsters can be compared to elite monsters."

However!

It was still not enough!

"Can you do it?"

Qin Qin asked.

"Hey, what are you saying!"

Before Yatu Fengxing could say anything, Mu Mu jumped on the side. "Don't look down on us. We are very powerful."

As he spoke, he waved the Wolf Spirit Scepter in his hand.

"That's good!"

The situation had already changed. Even one less person should not be a problem.

Especially with [War of Pity] strengthening the healing, as long as they were not surrounded, they would definitely be safe.

"The four of you fight, I'll fight alone!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not carry out the same strategy as before because Yatu could not withstand it at all.

Although he had updated his equipment, the most important shield was still the original wooden shield.

In front of the Enhanced monsters in the third stage, one or two were still alright. However, if Taunt had four or five of them, even with the Enhanced Healing Spell, it was still not enough.

"Hmph, what's the big deal?"

Mu Mu stomped her feet and pouted as she watched the departing figure with a displeased expression.

"He's dragging us down!"

Yatu smiled bitterly and sighed. "Let's kill us. He is indeed more efficient alone."

…

Half an hour later.

Level 7, 99%!

Qin Sheng pursed his lips speechlessly as he stared at the remaining EXP bar.

"Four pieces of equipment. This bear-skin gauntlet suits me. I want it. As for the other three, feel free."

The rules were that the equipment would be all ROLL. Whoever placed the highest point would get it.

Of course, the prerequisite was that no one in the team needed it.

If someone needed it, they could take it away and compensate their teammates according to the market price.

This was the general rule of forming teams.

They had already discussed it beforehand.

Although they were no longer strangers after a transaction, their relationship was not any better.

Rules were rules.

"Sure!"

The four teammates gave up their ROLL points at the same time and moved their hands directly to Qin Sheng's.

To return the favor.

He had also given up the qualifications for the other three pieces of equipment.

"Miracle Starlight!"

He secretly upgraded the bear skin guard.

[Bear Skin Handguard]

Type: Handguard

Grade: Bronze

Requires: Level 6, Berserker

Effect: Defense + 18, Strength + 3

Introduction: A handguard made from bear skin. It is strong and contains power. It is highly sought after by warriors.

Black iron turned bronze.

He was a little disappointed that he did not trigger the jump.

Still, it was better than the current wolfskin gauntlet.

Defense was secondary. The most important thing was that he added 3 points of Strength.

…

The trial grounds!

The fourth stage!

It was also the final stage!

Ding… you have entered the Hundred Beasts Paradise! '

Hundred Beasts Paradise?

Qin Luo looked around in confusion. "Why can't I see anything strange?"

“I don’t know either.”

Yatu smiled bitterly. "There are only the first three levels of the Normal Mode. The fourth level is the difficulty level. Last time, we were stuck at the third level and didn't pass. This is the first time we're here."

"I'll walk in front!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in understanding and took the lead to walk forward. "Don't follow too closely, be careful."

"OK!"

The overall environment of the trial grounds was very similar to the beginner village.

The first stage where the Demonized Bulls were located was the plains.

The second trial of the demonized wolves was the hilly region.

The third gate where the demonized beasts were located was a forest region.

The fourth stage!

Like—

Combination zone!

There were a total of six regions.

Why was he so sure?

Because they were too distinct from each other, it was impossible not to notice.

"Ding… This area is the territory of the Demonized Black Bear King. Do you wish to challenge?"

Qin Luo Sheng walked to a random area and was just about to stride in when the system's prompt sounded beside his ear.

"It seems like there should be six Bosses in these six regions. The final trial is to defeat all the Bosses."

Yatu analyzed.

Qin Luo expressed his agreement.

This guess coincided with his thoughts.

“Then let’s get started. The sooner we clear this, the sooner we can get out.”

Without another word, Qin Sheng carried Bloodlust and entered the territory of the demonized Black Bear King.

The small teleportation array was activated.

In the blink of an eye, his vision changed.

The terrain of the cave?

Qin Luo looked around.

The area of 20x20 was rather spacious. At the very least, there wouldn't be any restrictions or inconveniences when fighting.

[Demonized Black Bear King (Enhanced Iron Boss)]

Level: LV6

Health: 6,500

Attack: 250

Defense: 200

Speed: 50

Skills: [Heavy Palm Strike] [Light of the Earth] [Armor of Earth]

Introduction: A tyrant of the forest, able to fight on par with a ferocious tiger lion. Its fur is thick and its defense is superb. Its paws are extremely strong, enough to shatter hard rocks. It is violent and easily angered. It is not afraid of death or pain in battle.

"Hiss…"

After activating the Probing skill and seeing the Demonized Black Bear King's attributes, the team gasped incessantly.

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes.

This attribute was even stronger than the Demonic Wolf King.

It had to be known that the Demonized Wild Wolf King was a Bronze-grade BOSS. This was only a Black Iron BOSS and was a grade lower.

"The enhancement of the Difficult Mode is really quite abnormal."

Normal BOSSes were difficult to deal with, but the moment they appeared, their abilities were strengthened by 50%. Who could withstand that?

No wonder…

Even Yatu and the other four elites who were at the first step were defeated.

Not to mention that they did not pass the third stage, even if they did, they would only return in despair when they saw the Boss' attributes in the fourth stage.

"I'm going up, feel free!"

Qin Sheng had been bullying the little monsters all this time. Now that he saw the Demonized Black Bear King, his blood began to boil. He threw out a sentence and charged straight at his stunned teammates.

"Roar!"

The demonized Black Bear King, who had been sleeping, immediately sensed something amiss. He opened his eyes, and his bloodshot eyes were filled with ruthlessness. He charged forward, and the little bug that had disrupted his dream smacked him with a bear paw.

"Brother, aren't you underestimating me too much? You want to touch me with a speed of 50?"

Qin Luo Sheng turned around and easily dodged the attack. At the same time, he retaliated with a [Heavy Slash].

-188!

Tsk!

It was indeed worthy of having 200 Defense Points.

[Double Slash]

-135!

-152!

Another three-digit damage number appeared above the Black Bear King's head.

"How troublesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows in displeasure.

Although the Demonized Black Bear King's movements were slow, he was like a sandbag. As long as he was not careless, he could be easily killed.

However, the damage caused by the Gua Gap was too much for the Black Bear King, who had 6,500 HP.

“Aren’t you going to hide it?”

If it were just one person, Qin Luo Sheng would have sent the Big Bear home in 30 seconds, but…

"Forget it. If it's a little more difficult, then so be it. It's better to hide it. The four great divine skills are too much of a bug. It's best not to expose it if possible."

Qin Luo quickly made his decision.

However!

The Heavenly Wolf had to hide this trump card, but it did not mean that other cards could not be used!