Chapter 18: Snake Cave

However…

It was not realistic!

There were three Priests in the team, and they should be able to survive by drinking medicine.

However, with such a team, their damage output was too low. Even the BOSS in front of them would find it difficult to deal with them and they would not be able to reach here.

Furthermore, it was extremely draining.

Even if the five people in the team did not bring anything and their backpacks were full of potions, they would be exhausted in the first three rounds.

No one would use such a stupid method!

If you can't pass the test with milk, then you can only… be reckless!

If the poison couldn't be cured, wouldn't it be fine as long as he wasn't poisoned?

Although the Flowery Snake had a bug, it was only its poison!

Weak life and weak defense were always fatal weaknesses.

As long as a team of Shield Specialists was strong, the Priest's health bar was not low, and they were equipped with three long-range attacks, it would be easy to solve the problem.

How could the Flowery Snake, which had 300 health points, withstand a round of damage?

Wouldn't the crisis be gone if they killed it instantly?

What a simple logic.

"Should I have chosen an Archer or a Magician? Otherwise, I wouldn't be in such a passive situation."

Qin Luo mumbled to himself.

However, it was too late to say anything now. Unless he was willing to delete his account and wait for another month of punishment, he could forget about changing classes.

"Eh, something dropped?"

Starlight sparkled beside the corpse of the Flowery Snake. Qin Sheng hurriedly picked it up.

Two poisonous fangs, a snake gallbladder and a poison sac.

They were all materials!

Miracle Starlight was thrown over.

Successfully sublimated.

It was not bad to turn low-level materials into high-level materials.

Poison Tooth could be used as a weapon material, especially for arrows and daggers. It was the most popular item with poison.

There was nothing to say when the gallbladder of a snake was injected into the medicine.

As for the poison sacs, they had too many uses. The best was still to make potions. The highly toxic poison that the alchemist Wu Lin had given Qin Luo was still fresh in his memory.

Putting away the spoils of war, he continued forward.

After walking for a few meters, they encountered another venomous snake. This was a black-bellied snake. Its attributes were similar to the Flowery Golden Snake, but its poison was even more terrifying than the Flowery Golden Snake.

Having experienced it once, Qin Sheng naturally would not fall for it easily.

In fact, all snakes had the same attacking method.

As expected, the black-bellied snake straightened its body and spat out venom.

However, Qin Sheng, who had been prepared beforehand, dodged it easily.

Then, taking advantage of the short period of time when he could not spit continuously, he quickly stepped forward and easily killed the black-bellied snake in one strike.

Black Belly Snake also gave 500 EXP, but it was a pity that he did not drop any equipment. Poison Teeth, Poison Bag, and Snake Gall were all contributed.

The dark tunnel was very long. The further they went, the more venomous snakes appeared. There were even two or three at the same time.

Fortunately, Qin Sheng's control over distance was at its peak. Within and outside the five-meter radius of the venomous snake's aggro, he was frantically probing, attracting and slaughtering it.

Walking out of the pathway, Qin Sheng roughly estimated that it was at most 300 meters, but he spent nearly two hours.

"Now, it's time to face the BOSS, right?"

Qin Luo had been terrified for two hours like a coward. He was filled with anger at this moment. The BOSS that bore the brunt of the attack was naturally his target to vent his anger on. He would be letting himself down if he did not give him a good beating.

However, Qin Sheng was still naive.

"Hiss…"

This was not a snake flicking its tongue, but the sound of Qin Sheng drawing in a cold breath.

What did he see?

He saw the snake cave.

The tunnel was just an appetizer. The tunnel that led into this snake cave was the main course. The tunnel that he saw now was like the ancient Roman Colosseum, a huge funnel-shaped snake cave.

"Damn you!"

Qin Luo muttered with lifeless eyes.

He looked at the snake cave below, where all kinds of poisonous snakes were intertwined and squeezed together. Even though he boasted that he was extremely daring, he still felt his scalp tingle.

"How the hell am I supposed to break this?"

Qin Luo was in despair.

A venomous snake was already so difficult to deal with.

The venomous snakes had to be lured in one by one and killed one by one.

This cave…

I really can't do it!

Even without accurate data, it was obvious that there were more than five to six hundred.

This was still floating on the surface, outside the snake cave.

The bottom of the snake cave was dark and blurry, and it was impossible to see clearly. However, that was the center of the cave, and the poisonous snakes were definitely denser and stronger.

And—

The boss of the Snake Cavern, the guardian BOSS of this round, was definitely in the deepest part.

"Let's go…"

Qin Qin Sheng retreated quietly. His footsteps had never been so gentle.

He could die, but he was not afraid of death!

However, being bitten to death by a myriad of snakes or being sprayed to death by all kinds of venom was unacceptable.

Just the thought of it was enough to send shivers down his spine. If it came true, his heart would probably remain in darkness for the rest of his life. His nightmarish memories would never be erased.

"Using the same trick?"

"No, no!"

"The Snake Cavern is too far away. I don't have long-range skills to lure them."

"If it makes a sound, it will surely alert the entire Snake Cavern. When the Snake Dowager makes her move, she will definitely die."

"I can't just jump down and die."

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo Sheng had a splitting headache. He kept simulating battle plans in his mind but rejected them one by one.

"There are no archers in this round, so I can only return empty-handed."

The end of the tunnel was five meters away from the top of the underground snake cave.

Currently, only Archers had an attack range of five metres.

Not even mages.

Of course, Summoners could also be used as bait.

However, the Summoner only had one summoned beast. It was no problem to send it to lure the monsters, but the consequences—

Summoned beasts died, but reviving required one hour. During this period, they could only watch helplessly. It was impossible to kill a snake in one hour, right? There were hundreds and thousands of snakes in the snake cave. How long would it take to kill them?

As for the second result…

The summoned beasts were still dead, but before they died, they alarmed the Snake Cave Ten Thousand Snakes and were completely annihilated.

Escape?

Impossible!

If they were alarmed, they would die without a doubt.

Who could outrun a venomous snake with a speed of 100 meters in a tunnel?

"It seems like the individual trials are too limited!"

With a long sigh, Qin Sheng prepared to give up and leave. "Either you find a reliable archer or you get the ability to attack from afar. Otherwise, you'll never get past this."

"Yes, wait!"

"Long-range attack?"

“I think—”

"I do!"

Qin Luo suddenly thought of something and hurriedly opened his backpack to rummage around.

[* can] dealt 300 True Damage to the 3 * 3 meter area.

That's right!

This was it!

He had completed the hidden task entrusted to him by the village chief and had obtained the gift from the alchemist Wu Lin through the jade token he had given him.

"But, that's still not enough!"

The jar could solve the problem, but it was too little.

Currently, he only had five cans with him, which was enough!

The Alchemist Wu Lin did have some. When he opened the hidden store previously, there seemed to be 30 jars. They could be sold for 10 gold coins per jar. Who could afford them?

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo's hopes were dashed in the blink of an eye when he finally found a solution. He punched the stone wall angrily.

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"