Chapter 17: Single Trial: Nightmare! (2)

[Enraged Bull]

Level: LV5

Health Points: 1,600

Attack: 160

Defense: 60

Speed: 45

Skill: [Barbaric Bulls Attack]

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary bull that lived on the grasslands and plains. It had a gentle personality. After it was affected by the weak demonic Qi, it became easily agitated and would take the initiative to attack humans.

The information sent back by [Probing Skill] made Qin Sheng's pupils shrink.

Other than the fact that his speed hadn't changed, his other attributes had directly doubled?

Furthermore, this was based on the Difficult Mode's attribute doubling, which was equivalent to 1.5 times!

"As expected of a nightmare!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

The attributes of normal monsters were comparable to that of a 1-star Elite in the wild. It was terrifying.

One had to know that there were around a hundred Demonized Bulls in the first round of the trial grounds!

In other words, he had to kill a hundred 1-star elite monsters in the first stage.

It was no wonder that up until now, there had been no news of any team successfully clearing the level.

This level of difficulty, how could he clear it!?

It was another matter whether they could defeat them or not. With this number, once they killed all of them, even if they did not consider the potions, their stamina and energy would be almost depleted. How were they going to continue?

However…

To the hanging wall, this was nothing!

"I can finally unleash my full power. There's no need to hide anymore."

Stretching his back, Qin Luo Sheng waved his [Bloodthirst], the killing intent in his eyes soaring.

Previously, he had hidden his strength and almost lost to the Demonized Violent Lion King. He felt extremely aggrieved.

Now, with no one else present, he could finally kill to his heart's content.

"This attribute is like a natural moat to ordinary players!"

With a slash of his sword, the critical hit was triggered, and the Demonized Bull's health bar instantly decreased by a quarter. He smiled. "For me, that's all."

All-powerful!

Forty minutes later!

Ding… congratulations on clearing the first stage! '

Awesome!

Shaking his slightly sore arm, Qin Sheng turned back to look at the bull carcasses strewn all over the ground and stepped into the teleportation array of the second checkpoint.

Seventy minutes later!

Ding… congratulations on clearing the second stage! '

Two hours later!

"Ding… Congratulations on clearing the third stage!"

Qin Luo had expended too much of his stamina during the high-intensity continuous battle and was feeling a little tired.

Fortunately, the following battles were not tedious.

If it was a one-on-one fight, it wouldn't be that strenuous.

Come!

From weak to strong.

From the Demonic Barbaric Bull King to the Demonic Violent Lion King.

Six Bosses!

Forty minutes later, they took turns.

On average…

Seven minutes!

Apart from the five-minute cooldown time of the three skills, Heavenly Wolf, Holy Body, and Godly Flash, none of the real combat time lasted more than two minutes.

Boss?

Ha…

He could not withstand a single blow!

Ding… congratulations on clearing the fourth level! '

Has the fifth stage been opened?

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and stepped into the teleportation array before him.

"Teleport!"

Qin Luo appeared in a cold and damp pathway in a second.

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

"Hiss…"

Countless strange sounds rang out continuously, rising and falling continuously. They actually formed a special sound, as if a demon was whispering. The already horrifying dark place became even more terrifying.

Qin Luo's face sank.

As expected of the Nightmare Trial.

Not to mention anything else, just the pressure created by the environment was enough to make more than 90% of the players tremble in fear, forming psychological pressure and weakening their combat power.

"I want to see what it is!"

Snorting coldly, Qin Sheng gripped Bloodthirst tightly and carefully stepped forward.

“Yeah?”

After walking for about twenty meters, the sharp-eyed Qin Sheng immediately sensed something moving in front of him and immediately stopped.

It was a soft animal with a long body shape. It was agile and twisted. It hissed and emitted a cold aura!

Could it be…

Qin Qin Sheng seemed to have guessed something.

He walked in to take a look!

Indeed!

"The fifth trial is actually a snake?"

This was interesting.

[Probing Skill] activated!

[Flowery Snake]

Level: LV7

Health Points: 300

Attack: 350

Defense: 20

Speed: 100

Skill: [Poison Spray]

Introduction: Normal snakes. Because they live in a special area all year round, the poison sac mutated. Not only did the poison become stronger, but it can also spray poison from afar and kill prey from a distance.

???

What was that?

Qin Luo was somewhat dumbfounded.

Level 7 monsters, 300 Health Points?

Too weak?

However, its attacks were quite ferocious. It had 350 points and was even higher than a BOSS in difficult mode.

And that speed, directly surpassing a hundred.

Or should I say, as expected of a snake?

"Hiss…"

The senses of snakes were rather sharp. Qin Sheng had just moved forward when he was still at least five meters away. The leisurely flower brocade snake immediately turned around and stared straight at him with its cold snake eyes.

"This is really scary!"

Qin Luo gasped.

This environment, this atmosphere, this terrain, being stared at by a viper like this made one feel as if their souls were trembling.

"F*ck, if only I had a long-range attack skill!"

Qin Luo cursed indignantly. There was nothing he could do but brace himself and slowly move forward under the gaze of the snake.

With the Vibrant Flower Snake's health and defense, as long as one could touch it, they would be instantly killed.

"Toxin Spray!"

However, things did not go as smoothly as expected.

When he was about three meters away from the Flowery Golden Snake, it suddenly straightened its upper body like a cobra. It opened its mouth and revealed two sharp and ferocious snake teeth. Under Qin Sheng's stunned expression, two streams of white venom that emitted a strange stench spurted out and shot out rapidly.

"Ding, you are poisoned. Your health points decrease by 50 points per second. Duration: 30 seconds!"

What?

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green.

30x50, wouldn't that mean he would be poisoned by 1,500?

"Damn it, no wonder his health and defense are so weak!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his total of 1,600 plus life bars and felt so disgusted that he was about to vomit. "With this poison and this attack range, why would I need a bicycle?"

Qin Sheng, who had been sprayed all over, hurriedly took out a piece of dried meat from his backpack and stuffed it into his mouth. Then, he took large strides forward and dodged the snake's attack. He swung his sword and killed it instantly.

Ding… You have killed the Flowery Snake. You have gained 500 experience points! '

Oh?

500 experience points?

"This experience is really high!"

Qin Qin Sheng was astonished.

One had to know that killing a Rank 6 demonized beast would only give 250 experience points. But now, it had doubled?!

"Indeed, high risk represents high returns."

When he thought of how terrifying Qin Luo was, he felt relieved.

The system was no fool.

Experience naturally came with experience.

Currently, players basically did not have any equipment or items that could resist poison.

0% poison resistance meant that the poison damage of the Flowery Snake was equivalent to real damage.

Poisoned would directly drop 1,500 Health Points!

No solution.

Even for him, with the Lord of the Stars increasing his Health Points by 1,000, he almost could not take it.

Other players?

Hur!

It was like delivering vegetables!

Of course, it was not impossible.

However…