Chapter 24: Talent Upgrade

"What feeling?"

The special item was a round bronze badge. As soon as he touched it, a notification sound came from the system. At the same time, a very strange pulse rose in Qin Sheng's heart, as if resonating with his blood and synchronizing with his heartbeat.

[Bronze Mark] was a special item. It was a part of the Goddess of Fate's Forbidden Treasure. It would be rewarded to the first warrior who killed a Bronze Boss alone!

Bronze mark?

This was the reward from killing the Demonized Wild Wolf King?

F*ck!

Due to the severe exhaustion of his energy and the system update, he had forgotten about it in the corner of his backpack. If he had not killed Snake Girl and tidied up his backpack, he did not know how long it would have taken for him to see the light of day again.

"Absorb?"

Qin Luo Sheng felt that it was a little strange, but he could not quite put his finger on it. This was because he had a feeling of 'desire', a desire to 'eat' the bronze seal before him.

The bold ones die from overeating while the timid ones starve to death!

Forget it!

"Absorb!"

Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and followed his instincts.

In an instant, the bronze seal was crushed into powder by an immeasurable force.

The dust dispersed with the wind. The bronze energy hidden within the mark was no longer restrained. It rose into the air and transformed into a light arrow that entered Qin Sheng's glabella at lightning speed.

"Ding… Due to the influence of an unknown power, your talent has awakened further!"

Innate talent awakened further?

Could it be…

[Lord of Stars (SSS super-god talent) LV2] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX, every level up will grant you three times the amount of free attribute points, Health Points + 2000, Mana Points + 2000, Attack + 40%, Critical Hit Rate + 20%, Dodge Rate + 20%, Speed + 20%.

[Active Effect] 1—Miracle of Starlight: The light of the stars has the miraculous power of sublimation. 2—Starlight Backtrack: The light of the stars has the power of time reversal.

Indeed…

Qin Luo Sheng exhaled heavily.

It was really the Lord of the Stars!

Once awakened, his attributes would be doubled and he would have another heaven-defying ability!

"As expected of the SSS super-god talent, it's such a bug!"

At the same time, Qin Luo did not forget that he still had an imprint.

[Silver Mark] Special Item, a part of the Goddess of Fate’s Forbidden Treasure, would be rewarded to the first warrior to kill a Silver Boss alone!

That's right!

It was indeed something of the same origin!

As he held it in his hand, the familiar feeling reappeared.

The system's prompt sounded again at this moment. Before he could finish, Qin Sheng had already chosen to "eat" it!

"I didn't expect that the biggest reward for killing a Grade BOSS for the first time was not the level, equipment, or skill book, but this insignificant mark."

Qin Luo Sheng sighed as he opened the introduction column of the Lords of Stars once again.

[Lord of the Stars (SSS super-god talent) LV3] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX, every level up will grant you three times the amount of free attribute points, Health Points + 4000, Mana Points + 4000, Attack + 60%, Critical Hit Rate + 30%, Dodge Rate + 30%, Speed + 30%.

[Active Effect] 1—Starlight Miracle: The light of the stars has the miraculous power of sublimation. 2—Starlight Backtrack: The light of the stars has the power of time reversal. 3—Starlight Blessing: The blessings of the stars have the power of perfection and sublimation!

It had evolved again!

In this evolution, other than doubling his health and mana, the additional damage, critical hit rate, dodging, and speed were only increased by 50%.

Even so, it was already abnormal enough.

However, what Qin Sheng was most concerned about was not these, but the new abilities.

Miracle Starlight could upgrade equipment and items, raising their grade.

Then what kind of bug-level ability would Starlight Backtrack and Starlight Blessing possess?

Just from the description, the starlight reversal was related to time?!

What did the Starry Blessing mean by sublimation?

Could it be…

Beep beep beep…

Before Qin Sheng could continue his research, his communicator suddenly rang urgently.

He opened it—

Mu Mu: "Weeping Soul, come and help, someone is challenging us!"

"Crazy!"

Just as he thought of the tiny bit of progress between Starlight Reversal and Starlight Blessing, his inspiration was immediately dispersed. Qin Sheng's anger rose uncontrollably. He replied with a cold face and hung up the call without hesitation.

Beep beep beep…

In less than a second, the communicator rang again.

"Big bastard, big pervert, rude person, cowardly rat, how dare you hang up on me, you…"

A frantic roar…

Qin Qin Sheng expressionlessly took the receiver away from his ear and pressed it gently.

Pa da…

He hung up again!

A few seconds later, the communicator rang again.

F*ck!

Qin Luo was extremely furious.

Just as he was about to send a dragon to block and delete his friend, he realized that the one who contacted him this time was not that Little Chili Mu Mu, but—Green Silk?!

"Help me, 100,000 wolf eyes!"

A hundred thousand wolf eyes?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

"Deal!"

After rapidly replying with two words, he clicked on the transmission array and left the smelting trial.

"Location, coordinates!"

Returning to the novice village, he squeezed through the crowd and sent out another message.

"Southern Village, Luo River, coordinates 4833.3279!"

The green hair replied instantly.

"Village South River?"

Qin Luo was slightly taken aback. "Isn't that the area for rank 8 monsters?"

Interesting.

"At this stage, those who can go to the Level 8 Monster Area to level up must be first-rate players without a doubt. It's fine if it's Yatu and the others, after all, they just bought a batch of good equipment. If they cooperate well, it should be very easy to kill monsters above their level. Then, who's the one who clashed with them?"

Qin Luo ran toward the coordinates without stopping. As he ran, he thought to himself, "To be able to make this arrogant lady Qing Si lower her stance and ask for help, it seems like she's not a pushover!"

"Ha!"

"So what if I'm not?"

"No matter how strong he is, can he be stronger than the BOSS?"

"I've already killed Snake Girl, why should I be afraid of players?"

"Although I don't want to make unnecessary enemies, I can't reject a hundred thousand wolves. That old man Wu Lin's good stuff won't last long."

Running at full speed!

In less than five minutes, Qin Luo, who had taken the shortcut, had arrived at the Luo River on the south side of the novice village.

This was an open area with flat plains on both sides of the Luo River.

Luo River was rich in aquatic products. There were many spawn points for low-level herbs and low-level ores. The spawning speed was also very fast. Hence, many professional players came here to practice "Mining" and "Herb Picking" to increase their skill proficiency.

There were many players, but most of them could only fight on the outskirts. They did not dare to enter the core area because there were Level 8 monsters roaming inside. Entering was basically death.

It was also convenient for Qin Luo to get up.

He immediately saw two squads confronting each other in the central area, as well as a strange-looking six-handed blue-skinned fishtail monster.

"Boss?"

Qin Luo was enlightened.

So it was a conflict caused by fighting over the Boss.

This made sense.

There were only two teams in such a large area. The monsters were so dense that they could not be killed. There was no possibility of snatching the monsters. The only thing that could cause conflict was the unique Boss!