Chapter 27: The Demon King Arrives (1)

"Lei Hao, I, Lin Yatu, will remember what happened today!"

The battle was about to begin, and Yatu and the others had also gathered around Qin Luo. They were standing behind Qin Sheng and using their stance on the surface.

"Lin Yatu, don't think that I, Lei Hao, am afraid of you.”

Mad Thunder’s expression changed slightly, but he still didn’t change his mind. He sneered, “Today, I will definitely kill this guy. No one will be able to protect him. I, Lei Hao, said it.”

"Then there's nothing else to say!"

Yatu held his shield and said expressionlessly, "Let's fight! From now on, I, Lin Yatu, will fight you to the death. The Yatu Pavilion and the Thunder Union officially declare war."

He had gone too far!

The onlookers swallowed hard!

This time, it would really be interesting to watch!

The Elegance Pavilion was a force on par with the Thunder Union!

Once such a large-scale guild that was ranked in the top ten in China started a war, it would definitely turn the world upside down. People would be plunged into misery and suffering. It might even drag many other forces into the mud, causing a huge chaotic war that would sweep across China.

"War?"

Lei Kuangshao's cold face became extremely distorted as he laughed sinisterly. "If we start a war, so be it. What do I, Lei Hao, have to fear?"

"Wait!"

The leaders of the two trade unions officially declared their hostility. At this historic moment, everyone present held their breaths, witnessing everything. However, a voice suddenly interrupted the confrontation between the two leaders.

Everyone's gaze shifted!

A tall figure slowly walked out from the pavilion.

"It's this fellow again?"

When they saw who it was, countless people started complaining.

Wasn't this the arrogant warrior who caused the two great guilds to be on the verge of war, the one who dared to publicly insult the Thunder Guild's leader, Young Master Thunderbolt?

The situation was already so chaotic, yet he still jumped out and added fuel to the fire. He really didn't know how the word "death" was written.

"It's none of my business whether you start a war or not!"

Ignoring the many surprised, mocking, or cold gazes, Qin Sheng pointed the tip of his sword at Young Master Thunder. "However, there has to be a precedent for everything. I think we should settle the matter between us first. What do you think?"

"Hahaha…"

Young Master Thunder covered his face with his hands and laughed wildly. "Interesting, very interesting. I've never met anyone as interesting as you."

"What should I do? I suddenly can't bear to part with you! There's probably no one else in the whole of China who can make me so happy. It's a pity to kill you just like that."

"Is that so?" In the face of Young Master Thunder's contempt, Qin Sheng did not even bat an eyelid. His tone only became slightly colder. "I hope you can still laugh later!"

"What an arrogant fellow!"

Seeing that Qin Luo was still posturing, Young Master Leiting lost interest in such a brainless fool. He waved at his subordinates who could no longer hold back.

"Kill him. This clown has no right to make me do it myself."

"Hurry up and show this little brother what the dangers of the world are."

"Such petty squabbles are really not presentable. Just treat it as a show before the battle with the pavilion!"

"What do you think, Brother Yatu?"

"He should be honored to use your friend's life as the opening for this grand war, right?"

Young Master Thunder's second-year soul was about to be overwhelmed.

"I say, is it really okay for you to immerse yourself in your own world and act as if everyone is sobering up and I'm drunk?"

A cold voice suddenly sounded, interrupting Thunderclap's fantasy.

He was somewhat angry.

It wasn't easy for him to show off his Thunder Frenzy and the Thunder Guild's power to the world, but there were always b * stards who jumped out to disrupt his performance.

"It's you again!"

Blue veins popped out on Young Master Thunder's forehead.

He remembered that voice. It was the same idiot who had pushed Lin Yatu to the edge of the cliff with one hand and had no choice but to break off relations with Lei Hao, causing the pavilion to declare war on the Thunder Union.

"You…"

After being provoked time again, the already hot-tempered Young Master Leiting's anger had already reached Max. He turned his head and was about to order his subordinates to retreat. He wanted to personally go down and swear that he would cruelly kill that fly to vent his hatred. However, before he could say anything, he saw something unbelievable…

The idiot who should have been running around like a dog, beaten to death, or even lying on the ground, was actually unharmed?!

Not only that!

He held his head high and looked down arrogantly as he stood amongst his underlings. His eyes were filled with ridicule as he allowed all sorts of attacks to land on his body.

A series of '-1' and 'MISS' flashed above his head.

That long HP bar did not even move.

On the contrary!

He waved the long sword in his hand and a white light shot into the sky.

This meant that he could take a life with a single move!?

The terrifying damage could easily reach hundreds or even thousands.

In less than ten seconds, there were four corpses on the ground.

Regardless of whether it was the Shield Specialist, the Bandit, or anything else, it was all a sword, without exception.

Instant kill!

Instant kill!

It was an instant kill!

Terrifying! Invincible!

"Why? Is this all your Thunder Union has?"

Qin Sheng attacked ferociously with more than ten people on his back. He had a bored look on his face as he looked at Mad Thunder while fighting in a disinterested manner. He sneered, "I really thought you had some ability when I saw how you looked like you were second in command, second in command, and third in command. It turns out that you're just a silver spearhead that looks good but is not useful at all. To think that I was looking forward to it so much that I couldn't even break this old man's defense. Is this the so-called elites of your union? Is this it?!"

Just this?

Just this??

Just this???

The indifferent voice was like a devil's voice in his ears. Young Master Thunder suffered a critical blow and completely shut himself up!

“Who exactly are you?”

Young Master Thunder gritted his teeth. There was a hint of undetectable fear in his furious eyes.

Just because he was arrogant didn’t mean he was stupid.

To be able to become the president of such a massive faction like the Thunder Union, Mad Thunder was definitely not the brainless rich second-generation heir that others imagined.

Perhaps, he was still far from being comparable to the heirs nurtured by those thousand-year-old families. However, from a young age, his education, the people he interacted with, and so on, under his influence, his shrewdness and outlook were far from what small families or upstarts could compare to.

Arrogance and arrogance were merely disguises.

Otherwise, why didn't he provoke the God Emperor of the north of China and the Celestial Emperor of the south of China?

He was inferior, so he didn't dare.

As for Lin Yatu, he could afford to offend him, so he dared to start a war with the pavilion.

If he wasn't even afraid of Lin Yatu, how could a nobody make him cower?

However, he was wrong this time.

A nameless rat was truly nameless. But it was not a rat. It was—

A Demon King!