Chapter 28: The Demon King Arrives (2)

Luo He!

It was silent, like a ghost town.

Everyone stared at the man with his head held high.

Was this person a player or an NPC?

NPC? He didn't seem like one at all.

Player?

Was he a player?

Then what am I?

Was there such a sick player?

Thunder Guild had fought dozens of elite experts in the game. It was fine if they couldn't kill them, but they couldn't even break their defenses. Wasn't this too ridiculous?

If it was due to equipment, skills, props, or talents, the damage output could barely be covered. However, how could a little kid explain that sword?

His defense was so heaven-defying, and his attacks were even more powerful?!

Such a d * mn existence actually appeared in the beginner village?

Are you sure this B is not the GM?

It was simply a demotion blow!

This, how do you want the troll army to wash it?

Forget it!

Buried!

I can't wash it anymore!

There was no doubt about it!

"D * mn, the big boss is really pushing it!"

Fengxing instantly transformed into a fanboy, his eyes sparkling.

"Hmph, that's all!—He only knows how to act cool."

Mu Mu was stubborn on the side. Even an idiot could tell that she wasn't sincere.

"Boss, this person…"

Beside Yatu, a calm-looking young man wanted to say something but hesitated.

If anyone else was here, they would definitely recognize him at a glance.

Mu Yuan!

One of the decision-makers of the pavilion was also one of the highest management executives. Lin Yatu's right-hand man might not be very strong, but his IQ was extremely high. He was the type of management talent and strategist.

He had planned a few large-scale battles to help Yatuko achieve a complete victory, thereby establishing the foundation for her to become one of the top ten online gaming guilds in China. This also allowed him to gain the reputation of "God Mu".

"There's no need to think too much about it. It's impossible to recruit this person."

Having been brothers for so many years, Ya Tu could see through Mu Yuan's thoughts with a single glance. He shook his head and said firmly, "He is Weeping Soul Beast, the expert that the entire world is looking for."

"You know the personality of experts, right? Basically, they are all unique existences. He's the same! In fact, I feel that he's somewhat temperamental. Sometimes, he acts like a loser, sometimes he's as cold as a mountain, aloof and arrogant. It's impossible to fathom him."

“We don’t need to recruit him, nor do we need to rope him in. All we need to do is maintain contact with him. We won’t provoke him or anger him. That way, we’ll have the upper hand.”

"This… Boss, isn't your evaluation too high?" Mu Yuan was surprised. He had never seen his boss treat someone with such an attitude.

“High?” Yatu smiled. “After you’ve made contact with him, or after you’ve watched him fight up close, you’ll agree with my assessment.”

"So godly?" Mu Yuan was still in disbelief.

Even though Weeping Soul Beast had appeared on television twice in a row and was famous throughout the entire planet, it was practically a household name. Now, after the battle with the Thunder Guild, it had displayed an unparalleled and terrifying strength. However, he was only one person. How could he compare to a super large force like the Attu Pavilion that had millions of elites?

"You don't understand!"

Yatu shook his head. His gaze stared fixedly at the man who was deeply surrounded by the Thunder Union, yet seemed like a tiger that had entered a flock of sheep. He sighed and said, "The current him is very strong, but he isn't invincible. If ten people can't do it, then we'll use a hundred. If a hundred people can't, then we'll use a thousand. If a thousand people can't, then we'll use ten thousand people. If we can't kill him, then we'll tire him to death."

"Then why?" Mu Yuan did not understand.

"Because this is only the current him!" Yatu turned his head and looked at his brother who had followed him for more than ten years. He said seriously, "The future him, perhaps, numbers are meaningless."

Mu Yuan was dumbfounded.

"Do you know?" Yatu ignored Mu Yuan, who had a strange expression on his face, and continued, "Just a few hours ago, we teamed up and entered the Trial Grounds of the Difficult Mode. The abilities he displayed were beyond my imagination. Besides, he must have hidden his trump card at that time."

Mu Yuan:…

"A few hours ago, he was very strong! Now, he is even stronger," Yatu said. "Do you know what this means? It means that he is becoming stronger and evolving at an unimaginable speed."

Yatu pointed his finger forward. “Look, what is he doing?”

Mu Yuan looked over and said with difficulty, "Is he playing?!"

"That's right, he's playing, he's playing!" Ya Tu's expression was slightly cold as he said, "You know the strength of the Thunder Union. If the one besieging him right now is our pavilion, don't you think the situation will be better?"

Mu Yuan remained silent.

"The fact that he was able to toy with the elites of the Thunder Guild and treat them as if they were nothing means that he is very strong. This is the truth. Facing the siege of more than a dozen people, he is at ease and doesn't even bother to dodge. He just keeps pushing forward and destroying everything in his path. This is not a battle of equal magnitude at all."

"Faced with so many attacks, be it warriors, thieves, archers, mages, or Dark Priests, if they hit him, it would either forcibly deduct 1 HP or be completely MISSed."

"This also shows that his defense has reached a certain level. At the same time, he has accepted the fierce attacks of warriors, the critical strikes of thieves, the weak attacks of archers, the elemental bombardment of mages of all elements, and the weakening of the Dark Priest's curse. He has received everything, and—he is unharmed."

"That's fine. The main point is that his attacks are also ridiculously strong. Let's not talk about the Brittleskin, even the Shield Specialist with the strongest defense and highest health points is only a sword in his eyes."

"There is no solution to the defense, and the attack is invincible. In addition, you don't know that I have a direct understanding of the extreme speed in the trial grounds, as well as the terrifying footwork and abnormal combat awareness."

"Do you know how terrifying this is?"

“He’s practically synonymous with invincibility. At least for now, no one can compare to him.”

"Maybe there will be someone who will surpass him in the future, but it will only surpass him now. Because, while others are improving, he is also improving."

"Just a few hours after we arrived at the Luo River, he cleared the Nightmare Trial Grounds alone."

"You should know how difficult Nightmare Mode is. We can't even pass the difficulty level of the next level, but he can clear the higher level Nightmare Mode alone."

"Most importantly, he had just entered the training ground for the second time. After entering once, he had grasped all the details of the training ground. Such learning ability is terrifying."

"He is simply inhuman!"

"Therefore, we absolutely cannot provoke such a person. Kill all thoughts of recruiting him. It is already our greatest opportunity to obtain his friendship."

Mu Yuan's mind was in a mess. He was completely dumbfounded by Ya Tu's words. He asked quietly, "Money and status are not enough, but what about a honey trap?"

As he spoke, he even turned to look at Mu Mu, who was standing beside him with a flushed face and a face full of excitement, as well as Mu Mu, who was standing there silently like a snow lotus on a heavenly mountain, looking aloof and peerless like a celestial maiden from the nine heavens.

"Impossible!" Yatu once again shifted his gaze to Weeping Soul who was enjoying the torture and killing. He recalled the scenes of him forming a team with her in the trial grounds and smiled bitterly. "He won't be restrained!"

"What?" Mu Yuan was completely shocked. He widened his eyes and asked in disbelief, "I can barely understand what Mu Mu said, but even Young Lady Qing Si?"

“Perhaps he has feelings for Mumu, but he would go against her and not give her any face at all. This means that at least he wouldn’t be affected by her beauty.” Yatu took a deep breath and said, “As for Qing Si…”

“When he first saw it, he was also stunned and absent-minded. However, he didn’t become intoxicated, and even fell deep into it. Instead, he quickly woke up and didn’t pay much attention to the black hair after that.”

Mu Yuan said, "Then is it…"

"No, it is not. I am well aware that he is not lustful, for his eyes are clear, without lust or greed."

"No normal man can resist the beauty of her hair, not even a soul. It's just that he appreciates it more than possess it."

Mu Yuan shook his head, and his eyes were slightly dazed. “There’s actually such a man in this world?! Unfortunately, our pavilion encountered him first, yet it wasn’t fated in the end.”

"Who knows!"

Yatu imperceptibly looked to the side, which seemed normal, but her beautiful eyes were fixed on her soul-wrenching black hair. She revealed a strange smile and thought to herself, "Once this man grows up, perhaps not only will he be able to deal with me, who I thought would only be able to grow up alone, but he will also be able to let me use this opportunity to develop Yatu Pavilion to become the number one in China, or even the world."

"100,000 wolf eyes. This deal, no, it should be called an investment. It's really—too worth it!"