Chapter 26: As You Wish

"…The hero has arrived. Girl, is your stage ready?!"

Qin Sheng, who was in a good mood and was about to receive 100,000 wolf eyes and perhaps a special Boss, rubbed his chin and joked.

"Hmph!"

Mu Mu, who had been teased, snorted coldly. This time, the ‘little girl’did not make him bare his fangs and brandish his claws. Instead, he turned his head away with an indignant expression, indicating that this darling did not want to pay attention to you. However, the small movements that occasionally glanced over made it seem like he was trying to cover up a little cutie. It was thought-provoking.

"Brother Weihun, thank you for saving the situation."

Yatu, who had almost been killed by the Boss, sat up and said gratefully.

"No need!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand nonchalantly. "It's just a transaction!"

He had to arrange his position properly and adjust his attitude!

It was best not to get involved with such an extraordinary person.

Transactions were transactions, friendship was friendship.

He could not mix them up!

This time, they could not interfere because of the 100,000 wolf eyes, and the price was to offend the team with the "Thunder" symbol above their heads.

“Brat, who are you? You dare to oppose our Thunder Guild?!!”

The duck that was about to reach his mouth actually wanted to fly?

This was intolerable!

Lei Hao, who was called by Mu Mu, was the leader of the group. Before he could say anything, a lackey standing beside him could not help but jump out and start shouting.

"Friend, it's better to avoid trouble. If you step aside now, you will gain my friendship," Lei Hao narrowed his eyes and threatened.

"Thunder Guild!"

Looking at the ID displayed above the heads of Mad Thunder and his men, the crowd was in an uproar.

The Thunder Guild was one of the top ten video game guilds in China. Its influence was spread throughout the tens of most popular games in the world. It had dominated the Internet world of China for decades and was a true colossus.

After Fate Dimension appeared, all the other games were eliminated. Like the other opponents, the Thunder Guild integrated all of their forces into the game. Within a short period of time, they had recruited hundreds of thousands of solo players and their influence grew rapidly.

And the leader of a super large faction like the Thunder Union was the Thunder Union's new president, Mad Thunder!

"Young Master Thunderbolt? I've never heard of him!"

Qin Luo Sheng's indifferent words made all the members of the Thunderclap Union fly into a rage. Meanwhile, the Young Master of Thunderclap, who had been called out, instantly reverted back to his original gloomy expression.

"The transaction contract has been formed!"

Disregarding the clowns jumping around, Qin Sheng responded to the Naga Priest with ease. At the same time, he looked at the green hair and said seriously, "So, tell me, what do you want me to do? Kill this Boss, or… kill those flies?"

His arrogant words caused the entire Luo River to fall into a strange silence.

However, the strange thing was that one person had threatened the president of the Thunder Union and a dozen elites. Such an unrealistic thing, when they saw Qin Luo Sheng's ordinary yet indifferent and confident face, everyone felt that it was very normal and felt that it was only natural.

Except—

Thunder Union!

"Another idiot who doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth!"

"Hehe!"

"Trying to make your presence known? I'm afraid you've found the wrong person!"

"Since when did our Thunder Guild get scolded like flies?"

"President, it seems like your reputation isn't good enough!"

"Should I just kill him or go through the procedure? Forget it, I'll just kill him! It's a little irksome."

"…"

A group of Thunder Guild elites was furious.

They had been in dozens of games before. When had they ever been provoked like this?

In the past, which one of them hadn't been renowned experts?

The guilds that fought were famous throughout the world!

He did not expect that after gathering the millions of elites in the guild and entering Fate Dimension with lightning speed, he would be ignored by a nobody like this.

His subordinates were shouting wildly, but Young Master Leiting was very calm.

He extended his hand gently and the group of underlings who were clamoring immediately shut up.

He turned to look at Qin Sheng and asked seriously, "Are you the number one person in North America, the son of God Adam?"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. "No!"

He continued to ask, "Are you the number one God of War in Russia, Yevich?"

Qin Luo shook his head again. "No!"

"Then are you the emperor of the British Hall of Fame, Sun Never Sets, or the chief of the French Supreme Hall, Emperor Napoleon?"

"Never heard of it!"

"Oh? Are you the Japanese Sword God Liu Shengyuan or the Southeast Asia's most powerful Exalted Master Taijia?"

"Neither!"

"You're not? Then are you the number one on the Heaven Leaderboard of Hua Xia, the East Imperial who is known as the God Emperor of the North? Or the number two on the Heaven Leaderboard, the Martial Emperor who is known as the South Heavenly Emperor?"

"I've heard about it, but it wasn't me!"

The series of questions and answers made everyone dizzy and dumbfounded.

This was because the name that Crazy Thunder spoke of was a famous legendary powerhouse. He was the number one person in an entire country or even an entire continent.

They were the symbol of invincibility. Every single one of them possessed monstrous might and could suppress an entire country.

Their IDs were different, but they had a common, world-renowned title—

The strongest!

Conqueror!

Dictator!

Tyrant!

The supreme emperor!

And—

God!

"Since you're not them, what right do you have to be so arrogant in front of me?"

Young Master Leiting's calm expression suddenly became incomparably sinister. His slanted triangular eyes released endless cold light, like a poisonous snake that had found its prey. It slowly opened its mouth, revealing its venomous snake fangs.

Cold and terrifying!

"Who are you? Are you very famous, or are you very powerful?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "So what if I'm arrogant in front of you?"

"Great! Big brother is awesome! Big brother is awesome!" Fengxing roared and instantly became a fanboy.

"Wow, so handsome!" Mu Mu's eyes lit up, and she looked like a love-struck fool. "I didn't expect this cocky, expressionless fellow to actually have such a mommy."

side.”

Yatu:…

Qing Yi:…

The other teammate:…

The onlookers:…

Holy shit!

Isn't this too forceful?

He was the Mad Thunder Young Master, the current president of the Thunder Guild. He had dozens of subsidiary guilds under him and had millions of elite members. He commanded millions of external members. He was also ruthless and vengeful.

Someone actually dared to go against such a super big shot?

"Very good!"

Young Master Thunder was so angry that he laughed. "I don't hate people with personalities, but I hate idiots who have no ability and no brains."

As he spoke, he waved his hand in a disinterested manner. "Kill them!"

The members of the Thunder Union who had long been unable to restrain themselves received the order and swarmed forward like wild dogs.

"Offending me, Mad Thunder, is not as simple as dying once!"

Mad Thunder glanced at Qin Sheng, who was about to be drowned by his subordinates, and said coldly to a middle-aged man beside him, "Send someone to keep an eye on him. Kill him every time he leaves the village. I want him to never leave the Beginner's Village."

"Yes!"

…

Qin Sheng grinned as he looked at the group of people surrounding him. He looked at the azure hair and said, "Hey, you haven't answered me yet. Are you going to kill the boss or—kill these flies?"

“Do I have a choice?” Qing Yi calmly asked.

"Of course. After all, aren't you the employer who paid 100,000 wolf eyes?"

"Since that's the case!" A cold light flashed across Qing Si's calm eyes. She said coldly, "Then… kill these flies! They are quite noisy!"

Really?

Then—

"As you wish!"