Chapter 21: Reversal, Undying Battle Intent Explosion

"It's Petrification Ray!"

Qin Luo was both shocked and furious.

"So this is your true purpose!"

Looking at the snake girl in front of him, the mockery and ridicule in her scarlet snake eyes made Qin Sheng furious.

This was a dead end!

Not only did he not know that this was a trap set by the Snake Girl to lure him closer, but even if he did, he had no choice but to follow it.

If he did not interrupt Snake Girl's summoning, he would definitely be bitten to death by tens of thousands of snakes or poisoned to death.

It was definitely a dead end!

If he went forward to interrupt Snake Girl, he would step into her trap and be hit by her ultimate move [Petrification Ray]. His body would be petrified and he would be at her mercy.

Swoosh…

Her fingertips brushed across her chest. After the Ice Skin strengthened her defense, Snake Girl's attack did not cause much damage. However, the poison effect of the attack was updated to 30 seconds.

"This won't do. If this goes on, I'll be poisoned to death even if I don't die!"

Qin Qin was extremely anxious.

Not only was the Snake Girl attacking, but a large group of young snakes were also attacking. Even though their damage was very weak and basically did not break through the defense, with hundreds of them attacking together, even if they could only forcefully deduct 1 health point, they would still lose 100 health points in one round.

The most important thing was that the attack power of the baby snakes also contained poison. The damage couldn't be stacked, but the poison would stack, and when stacked, it would mutate. After the mutation, the continuous poison damage would become stronger.

-168!

-100!

-1

-168!

-100!

-1

-168!

…

Snake Girl's attack, poison damage, baby snake's attack!

It poured down.

Above Qin Luo Sheng's head, the damage numbers flashed wildly. They were densely packed and overlapped, making it impossible to see clearly.

"Fortunately, this Petrification Ray doesn't live up to its name. It's not really Petrification, but it greatly reduces the movement speed and attack speed. Otherwise, I would really have to wait for death."

Qin Luo was secretly rejoicing.

True petrification was a BUG, turning the target into a rock and completely turning them into lambs waiting to be slaughtered. If they encountered this type of petrification, once they were hit, they could be directly thrown.

Even so, the situation was not optimistic.

The attacks of these baby snakes could only deal over a hundred damage in one round. With the current 3000 health points, it was enough to deal 30 rounds.

However, an ant could bite an elephant to death.

He was not an elephant, and the ones attacking him were not harmless ants, but poisonous snakes.

Furthermore, he could still hold on now because of the enhancement of his [Ice Skin].

The Ice Skin could last only thirty seconds. Once the effect was over and he was beaten back to his true form, he might simply melt in seconds and die a horrible death to the snakes.

He downed a bottle of Health Potion!

+ 2000!

His Health Points instantly recovered by more than half.

Seven seconds later!

Another bottle!

Five seconds later!

Another bottle!

"How long does this damn petrification last?"

Qin Luo roared.

There were only five potions in total, and three of them were consumed in less than ten seconds. However, the heavy burden on his body was still there, and there was no sign of it fading.

"Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were wide and bloodshot, appearing incomparably savage and violent. He raised his right hand and waved Bloodthirst forcefully, slashing towards Snake Girl.

However, it was too slow!

The petrification affected not only the movement speed, but also the attack speed.

"Hehe…"

Snake Girl, who had dodged the sword's edge, curled her lips into a contemptuous sneer. She turned slightly and easily dodged it. With a flick of her nimble snake tail, she swept it heavily across Qin Sheng's cheek. "Pa!" It was a crisp and clear sound.

"…I… killed… you…"

Anger filled his mind and ruthlessness filled his chest.

Qin Qin Sheng lost control completely after being slapped.

"Ding, you are currently in a special state. Please calm down!"

"Ding! Your brainwave is in disorder. Emergency device is about to be activated!"

Ding…

A chaotic and noisy system prompt sounded in his ears.

Dong!

Dong!

Dong!

In his dying state, Qin Sheng seemed to have heard his own heartbeat. It was clear and deep, as if something was being nurtured within it, filled with boundless vitality.

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

The sound of his heartbeat suddenly became rapid, and it was like the beating of a war drum. Every single time it sounded out, it emitted an indescribable special charm. Even though it was oppressive, it shook the heavens and the earth.

Dong!

Dong dong!

Knock, knock, knock!

His speed increased rapidly.

From one second to countless seconds…

The walnut-sized core quickly expanded to the size of a fist. Then, dense patterns covered it and exploded.

"What is this?"

A cool feeling rose from the bottom of his heart and rushed straight into his mind, pulling Qin Sheng, who had lost control, back instantly.

When she opened her eyes, the scene before her was still the same.

Or was it the disgusting snake cave, the infuriating snake girl, or the densely packed baby snakes…

Nothing seemed to have changed!

However!

Qin Luo felt—

It seemed to be different!

Yes, it was different!

He could move!

“Undying Battle Will, explode!”

His voice was as deep and low as an evil spirit’s, as if it was a voice that demanded his life.

Snake Girl's smile froze.

Her powerful instincts told her of death.

She wanted to retreat!

He wanted to escape!

However, a large hand suddenly appeared out of nowhere and grabbed her neck like a dragon.

"Why are you leaving? Are you not playing anymore? I haven't had my fill yet!"

Looking up, she saw a pair of red eyes.

There was a hint of indifference in the mockery!

Coldness contained violence!

An indescribable sense of fear engulfed his entire body. His originally agile body instantly tensed up and became stiff. His heart stopped and he held his breath. The extreme cold seemed to freeze his soul.

This was the reaction of being targeted by a predator!

It was her just now, it was him now!

Attack, defend, switch positions!

"Die, scum!"

She could not breathe. She only felt that the hands around her neck were like iron pincers, tightening, as if they wanted to crush her.

She struggled with all her might…

Finally, his consciousness fell into chaos!

Ding… You have killed Silver Boss: Snake Girl, 100,000 EXP, 50 Reputation! '

Snake Girl was dead!

Like a dead snake, it slipped from Qin Luo's hand and fell to the ground. Its red tail was no longer demonic and bright, but rather dim.

Qin Sheng, who was extremely excited, regained some consciousness the moment he died.

He did not have the time to lament that he had actually strangled a Silver Boss to death. He hurriedly drank a bottle of strong Health Potion and pulled up his health points that had already fallen to rock bottom.

Ignoring the starlight that filled the ground beside Snake Girl's corpse, he swept his sword across.

Over a hundred baby snakes sounded like a lot, but they had just broken out of their eggs and were only level 0. They had been forcefully incubated by Snake Girl and were innately weak. In terms of strength, they were not even comparable to chickens. They were all killed with one sweep.

"Ding… You have single-handedly cleared the Nightmare Trial Grounds. The system will announce you to the entire world. Do you wish to reveal your ID?"

"Reveal!"

Ding… Chinese war zone 'Weeping Soul' has cleared the Nightmare Trial Grounds for the first time. Reward: Health Points + 500, Magic Points + 500, Strength + 20, Constitution + 20, Agility + 20, Spirit + 20! Reputation + 1000! Special Skill Book! This is the official announcement! '

Ding…

Ding…