Chapter 29: The Demon King Arrives (3)

"How boring!"

Qin Luo Sheng's sword landed and sent another elite of the Thunder Union back to the city for free. He sighed helplessly.

"Mad Thunder, aren't you going to attack?"

Pointing the tip of his sword, Qin Sheng directly challenged the head of the Thunder Guild.

Mad Thunder's face turned ashen!

If he still did not know that he had provoked a ferocious tiger, he would not be fit to be the president of Thunder Guild.

In less than half a minute, nine people had died under the hands of that despicable fellow. More than half of his men had been lost.

More importantly, everything was as good as dead.

What was the exchange of such heavy losses?

There was nothing!

The enemy did not even lose a strand of hair and was completely unharmed.

How could they play this?

It was simply impossible!

If it were not for the fact that there was no bug or cheat in Fate Dimension, he would have made a complaint to the Fate Corporation and cursed at the operator.

This time, he had failed!

Even someone as arrogant as him had to admit that the Thunder Guild had really kicked an iron plate. Moreover, it was a super thick and super hard alloy iron plate like titanium alloy.

Recognize it?

Young Master Thunder questioned himself.

He really wanted to admit it!

This was because continuing the battle was meaningless. Other than the complete annihilation of their Thunder Guild, all of their members would drop a level and drop equipment. Their overall strength would drop drastically. There was no other outcome.

As the president, he had to consider the big picture.

Endure as much as you can, saving your strength is more important.

After all, once you fell behind, the enemy would not wait for you.

This would cause him to fall behind step by step, and he would naturally be weaker than others.

However, he could not retreat or admit defeat.

He was the Young Master of Thunderbolts. His character determined that he would not compromise. At the very least, he would not compromise with an unspecialized. The pride in his heart would not allow him to do so.

Moreover, the Thunder Union's reputation would not allow it!

The Thunder Guild was known for its wildness and arrogance. In everyone’s eyes, it was a madman who would rather die than bow down. Even if he killed himself, he would drag him down with him.

It was precisely this kind of crazy drive that caused the unaffiliated players and small factions to be as fearful as tigers. Those factions of the same faction or even stronger factions would not easily provoke them.

Right now, if the Thunderbolt Guild were to admit defeat, and if the guild leader, Mad Thunder, were to take the lead and admit defeat, the Thunderbolt Guild’s golden body would collapse on its own. In the future, it would no longer be as intimidating as before.

So—

Mad Thunder was in a difficult position.

She couldn't admit defeat, but she couldn't deny it either!

It was a dilemma!

In the end, after weighing the pros and cons, together with his personality, he decided to go all out.

If his level dropped, he could still cultivate it back!

If his equipment dropped, he could still buy it back!

And—

When one's spirit was gone, one's heart would be gone!

Without a reputation, the union would collapse!

"Challenge me? Hmph! I, Mad Thunder, have dominated the online gaming world for so many years and have never been afraid of anyone. If you want to fight, then fight!"

Young Master Thunder let out a furious roar and charged out of the crowd with a pitch-black single-handed sword.

"As expected of the president of the Thunder Guild. Impressive indeed."

"Heh, this is the Thunder Guild, the famous Madman Guild. As the guild leader, he is definitely a role model. If the guild leader isn't crazy, will the members be crazy?"

"This time, that Warrior has kicked an iron plate. Young Master Thunder is not that simple."

"Isn't that so? Young Master Thunder is the number one player in the world of several games. That is a skill that can be seen by everyone."

"Young Master Thunderbolt, I want to give birth to your children."

"Thunder Union, are you still recruiting? Please add one more!"

"…"

The crowd was agitated.

Thunder Guild was a power that normal players could not reach. Their guild leader, Mad Thunder, was even more elusive. He was just a big shot that appeared in the news all year round.

Now that Mad Thunder had personally taken the field, how could they not be excited to personally see the legendary master fight?

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng swept an indifferent glance at Mad Thunder, praising in his heart, "Using the reputation of the Thunder Union and his own reputation, such a simple move can actually turn the rotten into the miraculous, reversing the dry kun, turning the disadvantages into equilibrium, even an advantage. As expected, these fellows who seem to be second-generation heirs are not simple."

"Coward, report your name!"

Mad Thunder pointed his sword at Qin Luo from afar.

"What? After fighting for so long, you don't even know his ID?"

"Isn't this too ridiculous? He should be asking for a real name, right?"

"Only an idiot would say a real name. Don't you know how many conflicts happened in the real world yesterday? Because of the conflicts in the game, there were thousands of offline fights. Dozens of people died, and the number of injured ones were uncountable."

“Yeah. With the Thunder Guild’s power, it’s probably less than an hour after the name is announced. That warrior’s got a water meter on his door.”

"…"

There were discussions all around.

The faces of Mad Thunder and the other Thunder Guild members were as black as the bottom of a pot.

Was their Thunder Union's reputation already so bad?

That's true!

Given their past style, it was understandable for them to say such things.

After all, these were all facts.

There was no way to explain.

However, wasn't it normal to make use of the resources in their hands?

Young Master Thunder would never think that he was wrong.

The reason why the Thunder Guild was able to achieve what they had today was precisely because of this. It was because of this that they had been able to get rid of all those troublemakers.

Now, he wanted to use the same trick again.

Unfortunately, he was thinking too much!

The confidentiality level of Fate Dimension was not something a small force in China could pry into.

In reality, he couldn't!

The most infuriating thing was that in the game, he had been killed by so many of his subordinates. They had pressed him and the guild's face against the ground and rubbed it hard. He didn't even know their ID. He wouldn't be able to get revenge in the future.

Because they were the first to PK, as long as the other party chose to hide the information, they would have the right to counterattack without exposing themselves.

This was the mainframe's protection for players!

After all, solo players were most afraid of encountering powerful players and being bullied by others in groups.

With such a mechanism, if you were to counterattack passively, you would be able to hide your identity and not be hunted down endlessly after exposing your ID.

"I don't have the guts!"

Qin Luo replied indifferently, causing Young Master Leiting to choke instantly. His expression was brilliant and varied, as if he had eaten sh * t.

At this moment—

Ding… your skill [Skywolf] effect has ended! '

"Ding, your skill [Ice Skin] effect has ended!"

Qin Luo's expression did not change despite the two crisp system prompts ringing in his ears.

Has the effect ended?

Fine!

Then let's not waste time!

"Just now, he used the enhancement from the attack of the Sirius to insta-kill everything. Then, he used the defense enhancement of the Ice Skin to ignore everything. Now, he's back to normal. He's going to use his normal state to see what the legendary Thunder Guild's president, the so-called expert, looks at him. Let's see…"

"Is it enough for me to abuse!?"