Chapter 25: The Hero Appears

"Lei Hao, don't go overboard. We found this BOSS first."

Yatu held the Bronze Shield and resisted the Boss' attack. At the same time, he also used a portion of his energy to guard against the other team led by the grim-looking young man beside him. The pressure on them increased greatly, and it was very strenuous. They were already starting to show signs of weakness.

“Oh? That’s funny.”

The dark and cold young man who was called out scoffed and said mockingly, "Could it be that this Boss was raised by your family? Or did you write your name? You can kill it but I can't? Lin Yatu, aren't you being too nosy? Do you really think that I, Lei Hao, am afraid of you?”

"B * stard Lei Hao, if you dare to steal my Boss, I'll complain to Uncle Lei." Mu Mu waved her Wolf Spirit Scepter and tried her best to cast a fireball to kill the Boss as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the damage was too low and could not be dealt with in a short period of time. At that moment, her pretty face turned red. It was unknown whether she was angry because she was about to be robbed of the Boss or because her damage output was too low.

"I, Lei Hao, will still give Sister Mumu face!"

Lei Hao's expression changed and he smiled. "I'll let you guys have this boss!"

The crowd was disappointed.

He was scared just like that?

What happened to the big show?

Lei Hao retreated, but Yatu and the others still had the same expression. Even the naive Mu Mu was the same.

In reality, they had interacted with this guy for a long time. Naturally, they knew what kind of person he was. They would not believe a single punctuation in his words.

Indeed…

"The BOSS let you, but if you can't beat him, I'll take over. There shouldn't be any problem, right?"

Lei Hao only took a few steps back and stood still as if he was watching a show. He looked at Yatu and the others who were in a sorry state under the Boss with a mocking expression.

No one answered!

"Of course. As long as Little Sister Qing Si says it, I will give you this Boss." Seeing that Yatu and the others were not moved, Lei Hao's eyes turned and landed on the indifferent Qing Si. A trace of lust and greed flashed across his eyes, but there was only infatuation on his face.

"A toad like you dares to have designs on Big Sister Qing Si? Disgusting, aren't you? Ptui…" Qing Si didn't say anything, but Little Chili Mu Mu wasn't going to let her get away with it. The moment she spoke, she sneered.

"Mu Wanling, don't think that you can do whatever you want just because you have a good father." Lei Hao's cold face instantly turned even darker. He narrowed his eyes and said coldly, "Although I'm not very interested in a little girl like you, you're still pretty. After raising you for two years, you should taste pretty good. Recently, my father has been planning to propose a marriage to Uncle Mu to let me marry Miss Mu. Soon, you'll be my fiancée, my dear Mu."

"Impossible!" Mu Mu screamed. Her eyes widened as she shouted angrily, "My father loves me the most. He would never agree to an engagement with someone like you!"

"Whether you are or not, you will know soon enough." Lei Hao shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and smiled evilly. "I hope that after the engagement, your voice will still be so loud. Of course, the weakness is that if your voice is loud in bed, as your fiancé, I will be very happy."

His boss was so flirtatious, and the lackeys behind him instantly burst into laughter!

"Bastard!"

Mu Mu's eyes turned red as tears of grievance rolled down her cheeks.

"Shut up!"

A look of disgust flashed across Mu Mu's eyes. She calmed down and comforted Mu Mu, who was about to cry.

"…"

The iceberg flew into a rage, and this iceberg was his goddess. Lei Hao shrugged his shoulders and didn't continue.

At this moment!

"Despicable humans, the great Naga Race will never yield to you!"

The Boss, who had been crazily getting beaten up, glowed brightly and spoke in human language. He roared angrily, "The Naga Race's Priest Vijani, in the name of the Naga Race's Priest, calls for the True God Naga to descend and help me wipe out the enemies and protect my home!"

The Boss went berserk!

"Quickly retreat, we can't fight anymore!"

After going berserk, the Boss' attributes increased exponentially. Yatu, who had been relying on the Black Silk's Enhanced Healing Spell to persist, was instantly defeated and almost killed instantly.

"Despicable intruder, die!"

However, after fighting for so long, the aggro had already been locked onto. How could it be so easy to escape? Furthermore, after the BOSS went berserk, the aggro would increase exponentially.

"What should we do? Are we going to die and return to the city?!" Mu Mu looked anxious and said hatefully, "Why isn't that bastard here yet? Is he lost?"

Qin Sheng, who was hiding in the crowd watching the show:

Do you have something against me?

You want to defame me like this?

Lost?

How could they get lost with such accurate coordinates?

Do you think everyone else is like you, who can’t differentiate north from south?

"I'm almost done watching the show. For the sake of my 100,000 wolf eyes, it's time to go on stage. If anything happens to my employer and he gives me a bad review, I won't have such a generous sugar daddy to take care of business in the future."

Although he was complaining, Qin Sheng still pulled out his [Bloodthirst] obediently. Under the astonished gazes of the crowd, he sped forward and broke into the battlefield.

"They can't hold on any longer. Everyone, get ready!"

Lei Hao raised his right hand, and his lackeys behind him were ready to attack. They were waiting for the Boss to go berserk and wipe out the opponent before they went up to take advantage of the situation.

However, they were destined to be disappointed!

That was because an uninvited guest charged over at an extremely fast speed. Just as the Boss' final attack was about to land, he accurately blocked in front of Ya Tu.

"Oh, you look very pathetic. I'm not late, am I?"

Qin Luo smiled.

At the same time, he threw a Probing skill at the Boss.

[Naga Priest (Iron Boss)]

Level: LV8

Health: 1842 / 6500

Attack: 280

Defense: 100

Speed: 65

Skills:???

Introduction: Naga Race, half-human, half-fish mutant race. Blue skin, six arms, human body and fish tail. Born with affinity with the water element, they are known as the two great royal families of the water along with the merfolk race. During the Great War of Gods and Demons, the Naga Race suffered heavy casualties and gradually withered. Some of their race wandered to other places and hid at the bottom of the deep sea river, never stepping on land again.

Naga Race?

Unexpectedly, it was a special race!

According to the background of the world, this Naga Race seemed to have participated in the Great War of Gods and Demons. They should be an ancient powerful race.

To be able to meet one in a novice village was considered rare.

However, it had still declined in the end!

The Six-Armed Naga, who was hiding in a place like the Beginner's Village and was known as the pet of water, only had the strength of a Black Iron Boss.

"Big bastard, what took you so long!"

Tears were still hanging from the corners of Mu Mu's eyes as she blinked her long eyelashes. It was a pity that her mouth was like a cannon, losing a lot of points.

"Hey, don't mind those details. Isn't this the most crucial moment? The hero has already appeared. Girl, is your stage ready?!"