Chapter 23: Ancient Equipment: Spiritual Light Cape

"Gosh? An Epic forbidden spell scroll?"

Qin Qin Sheng was almost scared out of his wits.

50 * 50 was a huge area. At least 5000 fixed damage per second. There were many negative effects. Most importantly, the pain block was ineffective. Furthermore, it increased by 20%?

It was too bloody!

Although Fate Dimension was extremely realistic, it was still a virtual game after all. Most players would feel about 5% of the pain, and the maximum would be 20%. They were afraid that the pain would cause a mental breakdown.

In reality, many people were in so much pain that they cried when their fingers were cut. If there was no pain mediation, they would be hit by bulls, bitten by wolves, and hit by knives, arrows, and fireballs in the game. They would not be able to continue playing with 100% real pain.

The Shadow Formation of the Ten Thousand Vipers was indeed a forbidden spell.

Not only did the damage and effects explode, but to players, the most fatal was still the pain!

To be bitten by ten thousand snakes, to be tortured by countless types of lethal poison, just the thought of it was enough to send shivers down one's spine, let alone experiencing it.

"It's better to seal this thing! It's fine when dealing with monsters, but when dealing with players, it's really harmful."

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to throw this terrifying forbidden spell scroll of immeasurable value to the bottom of his backpack.

Unsurprisingly, this thing was hard to see.

In a sense, the forbidden spell scroll was useless.

It was a waste to use low-level monsters.

High-level monsters did not have much effect when used. This was because the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array dealt continuous damage and was not instantaneous explosive damage. It was very difficult to kill, and those that could be killed by it were probably useless. There was no need to waste their talents.

Next, the highlight came.

Four pieces of equipment, two yellow and one white, and one orange!

Qin Luo was so overjoyed that his heart skipped a beat.

Orange. That was Epic-ranked light.

Suppressing his excitement, he started from the lowest grade Silver equipment.

It was a dagger called Du Ya. Its attack power was not bad, but what made it increase its value was its special effect. The attack had a poison effect, and when hit, it would cause continuous poison damage. It was very powerful. It was indeed worthy of being called Du Ya.

Keep it.

[Jungle Book Hunter's Boots]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 8, Physical Class

Effect: Defense + 50, Agility + 12

Special Effect: In areas like the forest, speed increases by 20% and mobility increases slightly.

Additional Skill: Spiritual Movement: Costs 50 MP, increases 50% speed, lasts for 30 seconds, cooldown time is 5 minutes!

Introduction: One of the legendary sets worn by the Forest Hunters. After a set is gathered, under specific circumstances, it can greatly display the physical advantage of wearing it and transform into a Forest Child, becoming the top of the food chain.

Gold boots?

Qin Luo was overjoyed.

He was still wearing a level 5 Black Iron Boots. He had long wanted to change, but he had not found a suitable one.

The Jungle Scamper's Hunting Boots were indeed Gold-grade boots. Its Defense and Agility enhancement were quite high, and it even had special effects. Coincidentally, he was going to complete the mission [Investigate the Source of Demonic Qi]. The location was in the forest area, and he came at the right time.

Equipment. Continue with the next—

[Jungle Book Hunter's Helmet]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 8, Physical Class

Effect: Defense + 75, Constitution + 8, Agility + 5

Special Effect: In areas like the forest, vision increases by 20%, night vision increases slightly.

Additional Skill: Remove Delirium: Consumes 30 Mana Points. There is a chance to see through traps, opportunities, maze, illusion, etc. Cooldown time is 5 minutes!

Introduction: One of the legendary sets worn by the Forest Hunters. After a set is gathered, under specific circumstances, it can greatly display the physical advantage of wearing it and transform into a Forest Child, becoming the top of the food chain.

"Another Jungle Book?!!"

Qin Luo was extremely excited.

The Jungle Scamper set was too powerful. Every part of it was unique. The attributes and additional skills were not counted. The most important thing was the special effects.

Shoes could improve mobility!

Helmet could enhance night vision!

This was a hidden characteristic that normal equipment could not see.

He took off the wolf bone helmet.

Ding… you have gathered two sets of Jungle Book. Set effect: Constitution + 5, Agility + 5! '

Oh?

Unexpectedly, there was an unexpected surprise!

Could two sets activate the attributes of a set?

I'm really looking forward to the effect of gathering all five!

"Come, let me see how strong the first epic equipment of Fate Dimension is!"

[Spiritual Light Cape]

Category: Cloak

Grade: Epic

Requirement: None

Effect: Health + 1000, Mana + 1000, Strength + 30, Constitution + 30, Agility + 30, Spirit + 30

Special Effect: [Spiritual Light] uses Spiritual Light to charge and obtain special effects. Cost: 1. Reduces 30% damage for 10 seconds.

Consumes 2 and enters a portable invisibility state. Speed will decrease by 80%. When attacked or actively attacked, the state will disappear.

He spent five to eliminate all negative effects and instantly recovered 3,000 health points.

It would take at least one minute to fly below 30 meters!

Current Charging: 10 / 10! (Automatic Recovery: 1 charge per hour)

Introduction: A cloak filled with spiritual energy. It used to be the equipment of the ten sages under the command of the Goddess of Fate, the Radiant Sage. After the war between gods and devils, the Radiant Sage fell. Other than the Radiant Scepter, which was kept in the temple, the other parts were scattered everywhere. Until now, it has not been found.

"It's a cloak!"

Among the special equipment announced on the official website, the cape was the third most difficult to obtain, second only to the visor and the Heart-Protecting Mirror.

Furthermore, it was an Epic cloak.

Health Mana: + 1000 points, + 30 points for the four basic attributes.

This alone was worthy of its epic reputation.

However, this was only the basic effect.

The true core was the special effect [Spirit Light]!

Using the Spirit Light that consumed 1 charge per hour, it could unleash four types of abilities. Damage reduction, Stealth, Recovery, and Flight. Gathering the abilities of Shield Specialists, Bandits, and Priests was too much of a bug!

"I'm satisfied! I'm satisfied!"

Qin Sheng put on the Spiritual Light Cloak and smiled happily as he looked at the attributes that had increased tremendously.

He opened his backpack, tidied it up, and prepared to return.

"What is this?"

Suddenly, something flashed in the corner.

"There's another skill book?"

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly surprised. Then, he recalled that after clearing the Nightmare Trial Grounds, the system had rewarded him with a copy.

Miraculously, the starlight flashed past and opened again.

[Space Jump (Special)] Costs 100 Mana Points. Pass through space, lock onto a space node, jump to a place (Special place cannot jump). Cooldown: 1 hour! Requirement: None!

"Am I seeing things?"

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his eyes hard, his eyes filled with disbelief.

"Isn't this unlimited teleportation? As expected of the Nightmare Mission reward, the system is indeed generous!"

How could he let go of such a godly skill?

Learn it!

"What is this?"

The Skill Book was a forgotten joy, but what truly attracted Qin Sheng's attention was something else.

Two circular marks, one bronze and the other silver.

Picking it up—

'Ding… Special energy detected. Absorb?