Chapter 20: Silver Boss: Snake Girl

[Snake Girl (Silver Boss)]

Level: LV8

Health: 12,000

Attack: 500

Defense: 200

Speed: 120

Skills: [Venomous Body] [Spirit Snake Battle Skill] [Petrification Ray]

Introduction: The empress of the Snake Clan, an expert at Mortal Molting. She has already broken free from the body of a snake and evolved into a mutated beast that is half human and half snake. She possesses incredible abilities. Once she completely sheds her snake body, her strength will experience a qualitative leap.

Silver Boss?!

Qin Luo gasped.

F*ck!

The Boss in the fourth level was just black iron!

The Lamia charged straight to Silver.

What about bronze?

‘ By whom?’

"Intruder, kill!"

So fast!

With a speed of 120, in addition to the agile movements of the snakes, the snake girl who was entangled down from the stone pillar arrived before Qin Sheng in just a few seconds.

[Spirit Snake Battle Technique]!

His swift and unpredictable attacks exploded like thunder.

-322!

The Lamia's fingertip lightly brushed past. Without waiting for Qin Sheng to react to the powerful damage, the system's prompt caused his face to turn green instantly.

"Ding, you are poisoned. Your health points decrease by 100 points per second. Duration: 30 seconds!"

Holy shit!?

"Who designed the BOSS? Do you still want us to play?"

Qin Qin Sheng almost cursed out loud.

Isn't this cheating?

In the beginner village's trial, there was actually such an existence that could not be defeated. There had to be a limit to shamelessness!

A player could sustain the continuous poisoning of 3,000 health points?

If this was the Boss' unique skill, it would be fine. However, this was only the poison effect after being hit by a normal attack. It was too abnormal.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was black as he tore off a piece of jerky and stuffed it into his mouth. He then quickly scanned his backpack and only felt slightly relieved when he saw the Instant Potion given to him by the alchemist Wu Lin.

However, a war of attrition was not an option.

Snake Girl was not only poisonous, but her attack power was also not weak. Every time she touched it, a portion of her health bar would disappear. In addition, her attack speed was extremely fast, and her continuous attacks made it hard for one to breathe. Once an opportunity was seized, it was very likely that she would be killed in one wave without even having the chance to resist.

"Looks like I can only clash!"

A cold glint flashed in Qin Luo Sheng's eyes. Ignoring the venomous claw that Snake Girl was aiming for his chest, he swung his sword at her head with great force.

Exchanging injury for life.

To a BOSS with high HP, such a strategy was extremely stupid.

However, Snake Girl retreated.

In the face of Qin Luo's ruthless swapping tactics, she retreated.

"Remember this step!"

Qin Qin Sheng laughed madly.

If Snake Girl refused to let go, he, who had lost the initiative, could only be exhausted to death.

But now—

She retreated!

With this step, he would fall into a bottomless abyss.

"You don't have a chance anymore! Go to hell!"

He roared into the sky.

A murderous aura filled his body.

Above his head, an indistinct wolf head appeared.

"Sirius!"

An indescribable force overflowed from his heart. In a split second, it spread out to every corner of his body.

"I told you, you don't have a chance anymore!"

At this moment, the Snake-Woman who had been forced back had returned. Perhaps due to the influence of the Heavenly Wolf's power, the expression on her face became even more sinister, and her speed seemed to have increased slightly.

However, it was useless!

"Leopard Tu!"

Instantly, his speed doubled.

"Is that all you've got?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Then watch my performance!"

"Encourage!"

"Berserk!"

"Come, take this!"

The blade trembled and energy rumbled.

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

The sharp edge of the sword landed heavily on the Snake Girl's neck. A powerful force burst forth. Qin Luo inexplicably felt as if his sword could chop off the Snake Girl's head.

-8,780!

An extremely violent damage number floated above Snake Girl's head.

The additional effects of the Lords of the Stars, the additional effects of the Undying Battle Intent, the additional effects of Weapon Proficiency, the enhancement of Encourage, and the enhancement of Enrage…

Furthermore…

Sky Martial Force, doubled amplification of the Skywolf.

The attack power broke through the four digits and reached—

1076!

How could Snake Girl, who only had 200 Defense Points, withstand such terrifying damage?

The 500% increase in damage from Berserk Heavy Strike, coupled with Critical Hit.

1076-200 = 876!

876 * 5 * 2 = 8760!

One strike!

Damage—

Close to 9,000!

"Ah…"

After suffering such heavy injuries, Snake Girl let out a sharp hiss.

With a nimble turn of his body, the lower half of the snake's tail was ruthlessly flung out. In this desperate situation, his potential burst out, and his enormous strength increased rapidly. As it rubbed against the air, it produced a sound similar to a sonic boom.

Bang…

Qin Sheng, who had just slashed out with all his strength, was still in a state where his strength had yet to dissipate. He could not move his body at all. He could only watch helplessly as the demonic red snake tail lashed heavily on his body like a steel whip.

In an instant!

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if he had been knocked down by a speeding car. His body could not help but rise into the air. After completing an extremely difficult 1080 degree spin in the air, he fell heavily onto the ground.

-1,237!

Hiss…

She could not help but gasp.

Not only was it painful, but it was also a moment of shock.

"Ice Skin!"

The third divine technique was unleashed without any hesitation.

+ 3360!

His health points were doubled.

He opened the battle log—

"Ding… Snake Girl has been affected by the Berserk Strike and has entered a state of absolute injury. All attributes have decreased by 20%!"

Good!

All attributes decreased by 20%. Let's see how you're going to play with me!

After a tragic exchange, Qin Luo Sheng was almost instantly killed. Snake Girl was not much better, and three-quarters of her health bar was emptied.

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

After the attack, the Lamia seemed to have been frightened and understood that the enemy was not a weak chicken. She did not continue to use the Spirit Snake battle tactic and instead, opened her mouth and spat out her long scarlet tongue. She let out a low hiss with a strange tone, as if she was chanting a vicious spell.

Clap clap clap clap…

As the snake girl chanted, the snake eggs that occupied most of the snake cave began to tremble violently. Under Qin Sheng's dumbfounded gaze, one by one, they broke apart and the colorful snakes broke out of their shells.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo was both shocked and furious. His scalp went numb as he looked at the baby snakes that could be trampled to death with a single stomp.

No matter how weak he was, he was still a poisonous snake.

Once the poison was gathered, there was no cure.

The poisonous fog formed by the self-destruction of the Snake Dowager was still fresh in his mind. He did not want to die so tragically.

Now, there was only one way to prevent all of this from happening—

Kill Snake Girl!

Without the Snake Girl's special sound waves, the venomous snake that should still be sleeping in the snake egg would not be born prematurely.

"Die!"

Qin Sheng sprinted forward with bloodshot eyes. He looked straight at the Snake Girl who was still chanting with her head lowered. There was nothing else in his eyes other than her. Ignoring the baby snakes pouncing and biting or spraying poison, he took on countless attacks and swept the [Bloodthirst] in his hand once again.

Bang!

The sharp edge of the sword struck the Snake Girl precisely. Qin Sheng did not care how many Life Points she had. He just stared at her. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that her strange accent had been interrupted and that the Snake Egg had stopped exploding.

However—

At this moment, Snake Girl, who had her skill interrupted, suddenly looked up. Her originally green snake eyes had turned scarlet.

"Is this a trap?"

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body froze. His originally agile body seemed to have sunk into a quagmire, unable to move an inch.