Chapter 22: Forbidden Spell Scroll: Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array!

A stone would cause a thousand ripples!

The quiet world of destiny instantly boiled over.

The entire world's attention was once again on China.

The name Weeping Soul Beast once again resounded throughout the world.

No one knew how crazy the outside world was.

However, his communicator kept beeping.

He’d already closed the friend function long ago, so those that were able to contact him were undoubtedly Ya Tu, Feng Xing, Mu Mu, and Qing Si.

They were his only friends.

However, before Qin Sheng could turn on his communicator, the system notification sounded again.

Ding… As the first player to kill a Silver Boss alone, the system will announce it to the world. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

Again?

Qin Luo Sheng vaguely remembered that it was the same when he killed the demonized Wild Wolf King.

"Ten more times!"

"Ding… World announcement is not a major event. At most three times."

Qin Sheng:…

No, that's not what you said last time. Didn't you come ten times happily?

"Reveal!"

Perhaps it was the restoration after the update, but he had only killed a BOSS. It was already good enough that he could appear on the international television. It was indeed a little overboard to repeat it ten times in a row.

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of the level 8 Silver Boss Snake Girl. As the first player to kill the Silver Boss alone, he has received a reward: Random Equipment * 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book * 1, Reputation 500! This notice! '

Ding…

Ding…

Three world announcements in a row. The temperature in the World of Destiny, which had just cooled down, boiled up once again.

Official website, Tieba, forum, Weibo…

All the apps that could participate in the topic were flooded at this moment.

The "Weeping Soul" information, which had already been on countless desks, was quickly thickened. It even appeared in front of the big shots of the country.

The first time could be said to be luck. After all, the Demonized Wild Wolf King was just like that. Many players who participated in the trial had seen it. It was very strong, but it was not impossible to kill it.

However…

The second and third time would not be luck.

No one understood direct strength.

However, it could be inferred from another perspective.

The trial grounds!

Its appearance was a blessing!

It could satisfy all the players' needs, be it leveling up, farming gold, or farming equipment.

Players who wanted to improve further could also choose higher difficulty. Once they cleared the level, they would receive permanent attribute rewards, which would widen the gap between them and normal players.

Unfortunately…

Tens of millions of teams were defeated.

Perhaps the top teams would be able to clear the Trial Grounds in the Difficult Mode, but the Nightmare Difficulty was definitely worthy of its name. It was completely a nightmare, and it was not something that players at this stage could covet.

However, Weeping Soul Beast had cleared the stage.

Furthermore, he cleared it single-handedly!

This was simply a miracle!

Only by experiencing it would one know how terrifying the Nightmare Trial Grounds were.

At this moment, no matter how unconvinced Heizi was, he shut his mouth tightly.

No matter how jealous he was, he was just asking to be humiliated.

To be able to clear Nightmare Difficulty's Weeping Soul Beast by himself, there was no need to doubt whether he was lucky or abnormally strong!

…

The world stirred.

Qin Luo, who was at the center of the vortex, did not feel anything.

He turned on his communicator and replied his friends one by one. Then, he rubbed his hands and became excited.

What kind of surprise could a Nightmare Difficulty Enhanced Silver Boss bring?

Three pieces of equipment, thirteen stones, a skill book, two scrolls and 23 gold coins!

As usual—

"Miracle Starlight!"

After all the sublimation was completed, he began to examine them one by one.

This time, the equipment was placed behind.

He had obtained five elementary-stage Augmenting Gems, three spirit crystals, and four crystal coins. There was nothing much to say. What Qin Luo Sheng cared about was a black square gemstone.

[Advanced Stone (Low)]

Type: Item

Effect: Evolution

Introduction: It's said to be a God's Stone left behind from ancient times. It has the ability to evolve (It can only evolve to level 10 and Silver-grade equipment).

"Evolution?"

Qin Luo was somewhat dumbfounded.

Wasn't this his starlight miracle ability?

Could it be that this thing could also increase the grade of equipment?

Wouldn't that be heaven-defying?

"Miracle Starlight!"

Ding… your Advanced Stone (Low Level) has successfully evolved! '

???

"That works too? I just used the Starlight Miracle out of habit."

Qin Luo was speechless and then overjoyed.

The Starlight Miracle could even sublimate a Transcendent Stone that was similar to its compatibility ability. Once the low-level became high-level, wouldn't it be able to break the limit of Level 10 and Silver Quality?

[Advanced Stone (Low)]

Type: Item

Effect: Evolution

Introduction: It's said to be a God's Stone left behind from ancient times. It has the ability to evolve (It can only evolve to level 10 and be equipped with equipment below the Gold grade).

F*ck!

It was still low-level, and it was still level 10. The only change was that Silver had been upgraded to Gold.

"It's not bad. I can try out Bloodlust. Level 6 Gold equipment. The conditions match. Perhaps it will bring some surprises."

He stuffed the fossil into his backpack and took out the skill book and two scrolls.

[Two-Handed Mastery (Special)] Passive Effect: Can equip two weapons at the same time! Requirement: None!

Divine technique!

Another divine skill!

This Skill Book was unlikely to be dropped by Snake Girl. She was not qualified to drop such a special God-grade Skill Book as a Silver Boss. It should be the system's reward.

"If I learn Two-Handed Proficiency, I'll be able to equip two single-handed swords. As long as my coordination is good, my dual-blade skills will be much better than my single-handed sword skills."

Another Starlight Miracle!

The Skill Book leveled up smoothly!

[Two-Handed Mastery (Special)] Passive effect: Can be equipped with two weapons at the same time and increase attack by 10%! Requirement: None!

Not bad!

With an additional 10% attack, he was satisfied.

He slapped it and learned!

Following that, the next book—

[Roaming Snake Step (Silver)] Increases speed by 30%, enhances body coordination! Requirement: None!

It was a speed increase skill?

Qin Qin Sheng was pleasantly surprised.

In the battle with the Lamia earlier, he had been disadvantaged because of his lack of speed. He had been overwhelmed by the violent storm of attacks and could not even breathe. If he had not desperately exchanged blows with the Lamia and forced her to retreat, he might have been the one to die.

"Miracle Starlight!"

[Roaming Snake Step (Gold)] Increases speed by 50%, enhances body coordination, and reduces the effects of inertia! Requirement: None!

The power of sublimation was indeed powerful.

Not only did it increase his speed, but it also had the ability to reduce inertia.

"Again!"

Qin Luo did not hesitate to learn the Wandering Snake Movement Technique. He waved his hand and sublimated the two scrolls before opening the stats introduction panel.

[Poison-Antidote Potion (Gold Recipe)] Increases poison resistance by 30% and removes poison effects below Gold rank by 100%, weakening poison effects above Gold rank! Requirement: None!

Recipe?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

This was a f*cking hen that could lay golden eggs!

Especially since this formula was an antidote. One had to know that the most popular place was the trial grounds. The greatest obstacle to elites who wanted to obtain permanent rewards was undoubtedly the Snake Cavern at the Nightmare Mission's final stage.

The venomous snakes in the Snake Cavern were very weak and could easily die. However, their venom was unresolvable and they lost 1,500 Health Points in 10 seconds. It was impossible to resist.

Once he had the antidote, the killer move that Viper relied on to survive would be useless. Other than the BOSS Snake Girl, Snake Cavern basically posed no threat.

It was a pity that without learning alchemy skills, it would be difficult to find the ingredients.

If he worked hard, it shouldn't be a problem for him to refine it. However, if he were to mass-produce it, it wouldn't be possible at this stage.

"Forget it, I'll try returning to the city later. If it doesn't work, I'll find another place. There should be quite a few people interested in it."

Helplessly, he stuffed the formula back into his bag.

[Sealing Scroll: Low-level Forbidden Curse: Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array (Epic)] Sealed a forbidden spell drawn by an ancient Snake Clan expert. Once activated, the Poison Array will be formed. Within the array, tens of thousands of viper phantoms will be formed. Fused with tens of thousands of snake venom, it will kill all life. Effect: Within a range of 50x50, it will cause a fixed 5000 + X (X is the user's constitution x10) Poison Damage (used by the Snake Clan, the effect will be doubled) for 60 seconds. Additional effects of poison, blindness, fear, and speed reduction. Pain shielding will be ineffective, and the pain sensation will increase by 20%! Requirement: None!