Chapter 39: Desperate Situation!

It was too disgusting!

Qin Luo Sheng had a splitting headache!

His Mana Defense was too low. Even with the BUG skill Ice Skin, doubling his Defense was useless. What was the use of 74 points?

“Are we really going to fail?”

Qin Luo had a bad premonition.

If you hit someone, you wouldn't even be able to make up the three digits of damage.

If someone hit you, a normal A would immediately lose a health bar.

It was too difficult!

"You still dare to be distracted in battle? Human brat, looks like it's just luck that you barged into my Naga Race's Divine Temple!"

Just as Qin Luo was hesitating, Empress Naga's voice suddenly rang in his ears. Accompanying her voice was a sparkling and sharp icicle.

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng was so frightened that his soul almost left his body. He could not care less about his bearing and immediately rolled on the ground, narrowly dodging the icicle's shot. He touched his head, which was still cold from the shock, and could not help but shiver as his scalp went numb.

"Hahaha…"

A burst of wild laughter erupted.

Qin Luo Sheng's face turned incomparably gloomy.

Ever since he entered the Fated World, especially after obtaining the Super-god talent of the Lord of the Stars, he had been extremely inflated. When had he ever suffered such a loss and suffered such humiliation?

"The ancient great clan, the king of the water? Heh, it's just a stray dog, how dare it bark like that?"

Qin Luo Sheng stood up slowly and looked straight at Empress Naga. His heart was boiling with fighting spirit, and he did not back down at all. "Hiding in a corner, hiding without a trace, hiding under this little Luo River, struggling at death's door for fear of being discovered and causing the destruction of the clan. Such a weakling, as cowardly as a mouse. In my opinion, the Naga Clan should indeed disappear into the dust of history."

Why should I, Qin Luo, fear when it comes to talking?

Once upon a time, I was—

The strongest keyboard warrior!

Canyon's pianist!

For ten years, Zuan had been a peerless warrior with both his parents!

How could a mere Naga Empress be considered barren?

"Junior, how dare you insult my Naga Race?”

As expected, the Naga Race was the Achilles' heel of the Naga Empress. As an empress, she carried too much burden and too much burden. The withered Naga Race was no longer famous from the ancient times. Instead, it made her even more sensitive. She only needed to touch it lightly to stir her emotions.

"Die!"

Another icicle shot out, but Qin Sheng, who had been prepared beforehand, dodged it easily.

While magic was powerful, there was a common problem with long-range attacks, which was that it was easy to dodge. After all, your opponent was not an immobile target that could be attacked freely.

"Die?"

Qin Qin Sheng laughed loudly. "I'd like to see who will die between us today!"

The Naga Empress smiled coldly and remained silent!

“Back then, you were betrayed by your clansmen and sealed here. You must not have felt good, right?”

Qin Luo Sheng continued to tease him. "You say they're traitors, but in reality, you're the real traitor. Don't you know what kind of people the Naga Race is now? Just based on the two or three rotten fish and shrimps in your Naga Race, you dare to go against the Human Race? Even if you want to die, you shouldn't look for it this way!"

Empress Naga’s breathing paused, and her pupils shrank imperceptibly!

"As the queen of the Naga Race, are you responsible for your people? You're bringing them to their deaths and completely burying the last bit of the Naga Race's bloodline. No wonder you were betrayed, exiled, and sealed. You deserve it!"

He deserved it!

He deserved it!

He deserved it!

Ear-splitting words continuously echoed in Empress Naga's ears. She was completely stunned.

Qin Sheng was not surprised by this either!

The fact that she was able to make such an idiotic decision back then also proved that this so-called empress before him was either immature and unsuitable for the throne, or she had lost her rationality due to hatred.

Either way, it proved that she was a noob!

Other than strength, vision, strategy, and skills, all of them failed!

"Human, you have angered me!"

Oh?

Even the proud "This Emperor" had changed his name to "me"?

Was he angry?

That's good!

I was really afraid that you wouldn't be angry!

If you weren't angry, how would I have a chance?

"Ice!"

"Ice!"

"Ice!"

In her fury, the Naga Empress no longer held back. She waved her white hands continuously, and icicles with a chilly aura shot towards Qin Sheng frantically.

"Is he here? Then let's fight!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, his blood boiling.

"Leopard Tu!"

His figure changed, leaving behind afterimages.

The moment Leopard Head appeared, its speed instantly doubled. It had already completely surpassed the Naga Empress and also surpassed the icicles that were shooting over.

Charge! Charge!

With the speed of a cheetah, Qin Luo Sheng charged madly at Empress Naga!

Even if it was a Gold Boss or a powerful ancient Naga Race, so what? It still could not change the characteristics of the job!

What were the occupational characteristics of magic types?

Artillery turret!

Spell Machine Gun!

Give me time to chant and return you a future!

The stronger one was, the stronger one would be. Unfortunately, the limitations were too obvious!

The little crusty was afraid to get close, to assassinate, to interrupt, to control…

"Since I entered this crystal palace, you have never left the crystal throne that you sat on. Why is that?"

At the same time Qin Luo dodged the charge, he also began to attack his heart. "Either you are the pride of the Empress of the Naga Race and disdain for an ant like me, believing that you can still kill me even if you sit on the throne without moving."

The Naga Empress remained unmoved.

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up as his eyes narrowed slightly. His voice was as loud as a bell as he shouted, "Either that or you can't leave the throne at all!"

Empress Naga's expression instantly changed!

Indeed, he was right!

When this guy was sealed, the group of demonized Naga wandering outside did not come to serve her, the empress. Instead, they were sent in by the so-called traitors she mentioned to monitor her.

However, man proposes but god disposes!

Those Nagas were chosen to be buried in the ancestral land and were never allowed to go out. Hatred and resentment grew in their hearts, and darkness grew. From being used by the Naga Empress, their will was eroded, and they were reduced to demons. They became puppets, and from watchers, they became a barrier to protect her, so that outsiders could not disturb her from breaking her seal.

The ancestral grounds were the ancestral grounds, and the Crystal Palace was the Crystal Palace. These were all illusions.

The one that truly sealed the Naga Empress was that glorious and dazzling throne!

“Unfortunately, I’m only a little bit away from breaking free from this damnable throne and regaining my freedom. At that time, I’ll be able to break the Crystal Palace’s sealing formation and merge the countless years of accumulation. Not only will I be able to recover from my injuries, but I’ll even be able to ascend a level.”

"Human, you're not bad!"

“Worthy of being the descendant of a despicable person, your eyes are like torches, able to see through everything.”

“But so what?”

"Even if I am unable to leave this throne, what can you do to me?”

"Human, you underestimate my Naga Race!"

"As the royal family of the water, as the Queen of the Naga Race, why would I need to kill an ant like you?"

"I can destroy it with a flip of my hand!"

“In order to praise your bravery and wisdom, this Emperor will bestow upon you a grand funeral. Consider it a celebration for this Emperor who is about to break out of his seal and reign over the world!”

"Naga Secret Technique—Mysterious Water Ice Formation!"

In an instant, space shook.

The water element surged wildly. Under Qin Luo Sheng's horrified gaze, icicles quickly formed around him and surrounded him.

An icicle could reduce his HP by a sixth!

What about hundreds or thousands?

Qin Luo Sheng was terrified and in despair!

This was…

A death trap!