Chapter 33: Underwater Altar

“Well, Brother Yatu, how much time do you have for the game?”

Qin Luo Sheng could not think of a solution either way and could only execute the word 'drag'.

"Two more hours!"

Yatu answered quickly.

"Alright! I'll contact you before you go offline. How about we trade then?"

There was really nothing Qin Luo Sheng could do now. His only hope was to place his hopes on this treasure map in his hands. He hoped that the treasure he had found would allow him to get through this ordeal.

"OK!" Yatu sent another message. "Then, Brother Soul Sob, go ahead and do your work. Contact me when you're done!"

After hanging up, Qin Sheng wiped the cold sweat on his forehead.

It was finally over!

If Yatu really wanted to trade at this time, he really didn't know what to do!

"I hope you won't disappoint me!"

Qin Luo gripped the treasure map tightly and smiled bitterly to himself.

With a heavy heart, he continued forward.

Qin Luo picked up his pace and arrived at the designated location in a few minutes.

"The entrance is actually the river?"

Looking up, he saw that in the center of the Luo River, the water was swirling slightly, forming a small whirlpool. The entrance to the treasure location marked on the treasure map was the center of the whirlpool.

"F*ck, am I going to drown?"

Qin Qin was somewhat apprehensive.

He understood the nature of water, but he was only a human after all. The gravity and pressure of such a whirlpool of water was immense. It could even shatter wood, let alone a mortal body like his.

Taking a step back, even if the physical fitness of the game world was enhanced, the whirlpool would not be able to kill him. However, once he entered the whirlpool, he would not be able to control his body and would rotate along with the whirlpool. At that time, his brain would definitely be dizzy.

To be unconscious in the middle of the river, anyone could imagine what would happen!

They were either stirred to death or drowned.

What the f*ck was this? No matter what, he was dead. How was he supposed to play this game?

"I'm going all out! I don't believe that my virginity will be taken away by a whirlpool."

After pondering for a long time, Qin Sheng finally gritted his teeth and made up his mind.

If it was in the past, he might not have chosen to go down without full confidence.

But now, the eight million wolf eyes trade loophole was waiting for him. It was already impossible for him to back down. He had no choice but to do so.

Plop!

She jumped into the water.

Instantly, a powerful water resistance appeared, making Qin Sheng feel as if his body had been sealed. His movements became difficult.

He swam towards the whirlpool in the middle of the Luo River with all his might. When he was still far away, he felt that the resistance and suction force were getting stronger. Furthermore, his intrusion had attracted the attention of the hydra in the water. Once he entered the aggro range, the hydra would chase after him without hesitation.

The monsters on the shore were weak, but the ones in the water were strong.

Not only was its speed fast, but its agility also increased greatly, making it extremely difficult to hit. Its skill [Water Ball] also increased its power by quite a bit, causing even more damage. The most disgusting thing was that in the water, the hydra could actually continuously recover health points. It was so disgusting that it made people want to vomit.

On the other hand, Qin Sheng was nothing compared to the land. Not only was his movements restricted, even his sword movements were extremely slow. If not for the fact that his attributes were incomparable to a mere water monster, he would have died long ago.

Fortunately, the water monsters did not have any intelligence. They did not know how to engage in combat or guerrilla warfare. They only attacked non-living creatures that invaded the waters relentlessly. This was a good thing for Qin Luo Sheng. Even though it was tough killing, at least he could still play.

It took Qin Luo only half an hour to swim to the outermost edge of the vortex.

It was all thanks to the suction force of the whirlpool. Otherwise, he would not have been able to swim here. He would have been washed downstream by the current halfway.

"Come on!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and relaxed his tense body, allowing the enormous suction force to suck him into the vortex. "Whether he lives or dies will be up to fate!"

Rotation!

Rotation!

It was still spinning!

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if he was sitting on a merry-go-round. It was an enhanced version of an extremely fast merry-go-round. At the same time, it was accompanied by a strong tearing force and impact.

His abnormal physique and powerful spirit suddenly showed their effects.

Even though his body was in intense pain, he was still able to hold on. His internal organs were not injured by the impact, and there were no signs of his body being torn apart.

At the same time, the constant rotation caused the nausea to intensify. He felt like vomiting, but at least he was still conscious and showed no signs of fainting.

Finally, after countless turns, Qin Sheng landed at the center of the vortex.

As his body sank, he escaped the vortex and entered the special water path formed by the vortex.

This was a passage shaped like a tornado. It was surrounded by endless deep water. The water pressure was so great that ordinary people would not be able to endure it. However, although this water path that was covered by bubbles was also filled with water, it was as gentle and slow as a swimming pool. Qin Sheng could not feel the water pressure at all.

The head plunged into the ground.

The design of Fate Dimension combined reality and virtuality!

Like diving—

If a player stayed in the water for too long, they would drown because there was no oxygen. This was real, but when they were drowned, their health points would be deducted. This was virtual.

Usually, players had 30 minutes of diving time. During this period, their health points would be deducted gradually as they dived deeper and longer.

Players could use recovery items to recover their health points, but beyond the limited diving time, no matter how many potions they had, they would be sentenced to death.

At the same time, if he dived too deep into the water, the water pressure would also affect him. His health points would be deducted even more, and his attributes would decrease completely. He might even be squeezed to death by the water pressure. It was extremely realistic.

This waterway was really awesome. Qin Sheng estimated that he had dived for at least 50 meters, but there was still no sign of his health points being deducted, nor was there any water pressure. His body was very relaxed.

After diving for another 50 meters, it had been more than three minutes since he entered the water. His Health Points were starting to be deducted, but it was still early. Only one point was deducted every second. It was not a big deal.

However, this was also a signal.

That was because his health points would be deducted faster and stronger. Once he exceeded the time limit, he would die immediately.

Qin Qin Sheng did not panic because he could already see the bottom!

At the end of this water path was actually an ancient and strange altar!

"Is this the Naga Race's treasure location?"

Qin Luo examined it carefully.

He didn't look for it because the treasure map had already indicated the entrance.

However, before that, he had to check if there was any danger.

After all, this was the bottom of the river and was inherently disadvantageous to him. Furthermore, this was the territory of the ancient remnant race, the Naga Race, so he had to be even more careful.

Moreover, this was an altar, and it was even more important than the ancestral hall. It was impossible for there to be no guards.

Taking a step back, even if there were no guards, there were still necessary mechanisms to guard against thieves, right?! These treasure maps did not have any, so he could only rely on himself. He could not let his carelessness cause him to be tricked and fail at the last moment. That would be too aggrieving.

"Eh, what's that?"

From a high vantage point, he swept his gaze over the altar several times. There was nothing out of the ordinary and nothing out of the ordinary about it. There was definitely something fishy going on if things were abnormal. Qin Luo Sheng changed his position and focused his gaze once more. Suddenly, a white light flashed from a certain crack in the stone. His eyes suddenly lit up.