Chapter 37: Queen Naga (2)

[Naga Empress (Gold Boss)]

Level: Level 10

Health Points: 50000

Attack: 1000

Defense: 500

Speed: 200

Skills:???

Introduction: The queen of the Naga Race. Extraordinary talent. She inherited the bloodline of the ancient Naga royal family and possesses a mysterious and powerful bloodline power and racial mystical abilities. After the battle between the gods and devils, she led her withered race out of the world to hide. Her whereabouts are unknown.

"Hiss…"

Qin Luo gasped.

Previously, he had also thought that there would definitely be a powerful Boss guarding this place. After all, it was the ancestral land of the Naga Race!

However, he never expected that the person guarding the Naga Sanctuary was actually the queen of the Naga Race, and a Gold Boss at that!

"Intruder, state your name!"

The Naga Empress did not move. She remained seated on the throne, looking down with her cold eyes. She was filled with the domineering aura of a king and the pride of a strong warrior.

"Human, Weeping Soul Beast!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down. Squinting his eyes, he looked at his surroundings that were sparkling. He did not know if it was released by the Night-Luminescent Pearls that were the size of hundreds of fists, or if it was the extreme brilliance emitted by the Naga Empress.

"Human race?!!"

Empress Naga seemed to be a little surprised, and her ethereal aura became sharper. Her voice changed drastically as she said resentfully, "I didn't expect my Naga Race to be reduced to such a state. We've already hidden here, but those old farts still won't let us off! Human! Human!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the hell are you talking about?

I know the words, but I don't understand the meaning at all!

"No!"

Before Qin Sheng could reply, Empress Naga's voice suddenly changed again. "You're not sent by those old farts. The assassins sent by those old farts are not that weak!"

Qin Luo Sheng: Son of a b * tch!

I'm really sorry for being so weak!

"Hahaha… I see!"

Empress Naga's gaze stayed on Qin Sheng for a few seconds, as if she had seen through something. She laughed loudly and said, "So it's just a human brat! I didn't expect my Naga Race to fall to such a state. Such a poor and remote country brat can actually break into the Divine Temple!"

"Is he treating me like a newbie?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

However, in the blink of an eye, he wanted to come over again.

Was it not?

Although they were players, weren't they restricted in the beginner village?

Even the Naga Queen was suppressed to level 10 by the system. Even though she was extremely strong and was a Gold Boss that the players in the Beginner's Village could not defeat, she was still only level 10!

This was the rule!

"So it's the Empress of the Naga Race! I didn't expect that I would actually be able to see the Empress of the Naga Race in my lifetime. It's truly the fortune of three lifetimes!"

Qin Qin Sheng complimented with a smile.

"Heh!"

However, Empress Naga merely chuckled coldly with a hint of mockery in her eyes. "There's no need to flatter me. I've experienced the hypocrisy of your human race!"

Qin Luo was speechless.

Only then did he recall that Empress Naga seemed to have a very strong opinion of the human race in her words just now. Moreover, it seemed like she was being pursued by the human race.

"A thousand years ago, the devils invaded the continent of destiny, and in a short time, more than half of the land fell and thousands of races were slaughtered.

Qin Luo Sheng had yet to think of how to respond. He did not expect the Naga Empress to speak first. She was still talking about the secret from a thousand years ago.

"In order to protect themselves, the remaining races are under the leadership of the Human, Elf, Sea Clan, Dragon, and Dwarf Race. They are gathered together and formed an alliance to defend against foreign enemies!"

"At first, under the threat of the extermination of the race, the major races were able to work together without discrimination. At that time, everyone was like family, eating a pot of food, drinking a pot of water, sleeping on the same bed. On the battlefield, they could rest assured and leave their backs to each other."

Empress Naga's tone was filled with reminiscence, as if she was recalling that glorious period of time.

Qin Qin Sheng listened with interest!

The invasion of the Demon Realm, the alliance of all races!

Brilliant stars shone, heroes emerged!

Such a glorious era truly made one yearn for it!

"However, good times do not last!"

However, the Naga Empress suddenly changed her gentle demeanor, and her nostalgic expression became malevolent. The sudden drop in temperature also pulled him back from his fantasy.

"After the alliance stabilized itself, especially the Ten Sages, who received the power from the Goddess of Destiny, ambushed the Demon Empress and severely injured her, everything changed."

"The Demon Sovereign was severely injured, and the Demon Army was in a panic. Their morale fell drastically. The alliance took advantage of the situation and launched a counterattack, recovering half of the lost land in one fell swoop."

This was a good thing!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Empress Naga, who was emitting a cold aura, in confusion.

"Everyone is celebrating this great victory! Everyone is immersed in this glorious victory! No one thought that all of this was the beginning of a vicious conspiracy!"

The eyes of the Naga Empress turned blood-red in an instant. The violence and killing intent in her eyes made Qin Sheng shiver even though they were dozens of meters away. He felt his body stiffen.

“Humans! Humans!”

"Despicable human beings. They actually devised a vicious plan of extinction right from the beginning!"

"With the identities of the five main races, they formulate strategies and control the battlefield. Every step they take allows them to foresee the enemy's advance and achieve a complete victory. They beat the devils until they retreated in defeat.

"At that time, all races were praising the human race, praising the wisdom of the human leaders, the heroism of the human heroes, and the wisdom of the human wise.

"The thousands of races who were frightened by the evil nature of the demon race, who easily exterminated a race, did not notice the evil intentions of the human race at all. Later on, countless races were annihilated on the battlefield, and many large races withered. Even seventy percent of the dragons who were reputed to be the strongest race died in battle, while the human race suffered almost negligible losses. Only then did everyone react."

“We’ve been used by the humans!”

“We were unreconciled. However, there was nothing we could do. The reason for that was because the humans at that time had already become powerful.”

"The tens of thousands of races have withered and less than a tenth of their clansmen are still alive. In their despair, they chose to avoid the world. The same goes for my Naga Race."

"In the past, the Supreme Martial Artist of the Water Realm occupied the sea as his king. He stood side by side with the dragon race and the merfolk. How impressive and glorious was that?"

"Right now, my Naga Race has declined to such a state. Even I, who was supposed to roam the boundless ocean and command thousands of Oceanids and compete with the prodigies of the various races, can only struggle at death's door in this pool of water. I can only watch as the Naga Race continues to decline step by step. I don't know when it will completely fall.”

"All of this was caused by the humans!"

"Tell me, what should I do?"

"Human!"

Qin Luo was silent!

In the face of the Naga Queen who was screaming like a demon that had descended into the world, this was the first time he did not even know how to open his mouth.

From the standpoint of Empress Naga and the other thousands of races, the ancient human race was undoubtedly extremely despicable. It would not even be excessive to call them executioners.

However, as humans, they were not of the same race, so they had different intentions. It was normal for them to suppress the foreign races, especially since many of them were mortal enemies of the human race.

It had nothing to do with right or wrong. They were just on different sides!

"Sigh!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt an indescribable pain in his heart!

From his point of view, the Ancients were right. It was just that their actions were too despicable. It was despicable to sacrifice allies to achieve their goals.

However, as a human, he had no way to refute the former victim, Empress Naga. He could not shamelessly argue with her and talk about the so-called "all is fair in war."

Since they could not communicate, then—

Fight!