Chapter 35: Hidden Map: Naga'S Land

"Ding… Current item is a special spirit treasure. Your ability is insufficient. The Starlight Miracle has failed!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless.

This was the first time he had heard of the "Starlight Miracle" failing!

The super-god SSS ability that had always been successful actually failed?

However…

This also gave Qin Luo unprecedented motivation.

No one knew better than him how heaven-defying the starlight miracle was.

It was already such a heaven-defying ability. Who would have thought that there was still room for improvement!?

He could not help but be excited!

The equipment and props that had been upgraded in the past were all ordinary items. The Starlight Miracle could naturally satisfy all of them and sublimate them.

This time, encountering a treasure like the Water Vein Spirit Bead that had already left the realm of mortals and entered the category of spirit treasures wasn’t something unacceptable.

Besides…

It was not that the Starlight Miracle did not work, but that he could not.

The system’s prompt indicated that his “ability” was insufficient, resulting in the failed sublimation!

“To what degree do I have to increase my talent to sublimate the Spiritual Water Pearl?”

Qin Qin Sheng really wanted to know.

He had already found the method to upgrade his talent. It was the mark.

“I wonder if I can increase my talent once more and allow the starlight miracle to be effective against the Water Vein Spirit Bead!?”

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "In the Nightmare Trial Grounds, the final Boss Snake Girl is already a Silver Boss. The final Boss of the Abyss Mode is undoubtedly a Gold Boss."

"If I can clear the level, I will be the first to kill a Gold Boss. The system should reward me with a Gold Mark just like the previous two times. At that time, I will be able to upgrade my talent further."

“But—”

The thought of the Nightmare Mode being twice as difficult as the Difficult Mode gave rise to a haze in his heart.

Even on a conservative guess, the Abyss Mode was twice as difficult as the Nightmare Mode.

"It's a little difficult!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

Shaking his head, he said, "Forget it. What's the point of thinking about this now? Let's deal with the deal with Yatu first. That old guy Wu Lin might have some hidden treasure. Eight million wolf eyes might be able to get some good stuff from him. It's not certain if there's anything that can deal with the Boss!"

He took out a return scroll and prepared to return to the Beginner's Village.

Although they only had the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, they had already reaped a bountiful harvest.

It was a pity that there were no equipment or skill books of equal value to the eight million wolf eyes. He could only find another way.

Hand over the Spiritual Water Pearl?

Are you kidding me?

Even if he had to hand over the ring, wolf teeth, bloodthirsty longsword, and Epic Spiritual Light Cloak to repay his debt, he had to protect the Spiritual Water Pearl until the end!

"If it doesn't work, I can only thicken my skin and owe you a favor!"

Qin Luo's brows were tightly furrowed. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he would definitely not take this path.

Transactions were transactions, both sides were equal.

The feeling of owing someone a favor was not pleasant.

"If there's really no other way, I can only do business in public!"

Qin Luo was helpless.

He didn't have gold coins, and he didn't have enough RMB. He didn't want to pay for his equipment. The only thing he could offer and sell for a high price was his ability.

This was the reminder Mu Mu had given him yesterday.

Currently, most players were limited by their equipment and skills. It was difficult for them to even clear the trial grounds, let alone the Nightmare difficulty.

As for him, he could even pass a 1v1!

This was skill, this was business opportunity!

The reward for clearing Nightmare Difficulty was not simple. He believed that those rich people would rather be slaughtered than beg him for money!

"I have to think of another way. If it really doesn't work out, I can only do this!"

It was normal for him to charge a fee to bring people down to the dungeon.

However, appearing on the mysterious and powerful "Weeping Soul" would damage his B exp!

Of course, Qin Sheng did not really care about this. As long as he had money, that was enough.

However, the character of a loser also determined that he was not used to showing his face in public, nor did he like to interact with strangers. Especially since these strangers were all smart people, if he was not careful, he might be sold.

"Eh, something's not right!"

As the white light rose, the teleportation array was completed. Seeing that Qin Sheng was about to be taken away by the return scroll, he suddenly canceled the return trip and looked at the altar again.

The location marked on the treasure map was indeed the altar!

It was just that his preconceived notions had led him to find the treasure chest. After obtaining the precious treasure, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, he had neglected other things.

Was the treasure chest a treasure chest?

Maybe. Maybe—

There were others!

"The agreed time with Yatu is two hours later. It's still early. Since I've already made a trip here, I'll search carefully. If I can't find anything, I'll just waste some time. If I find something, then…"

With the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the greatest danger had been eliminated. Qin Sheng was no longer affected by the water pressure and breathing. Like a fish, he circled the altar, searching inch by inch to see if there were any mistakes.

"This is…"

A carpet search soon yielded results!

Qin Luo raised his head and squinted his eyes as he looked at the gigantic six-armed naga statue that was more than ten meters tall.

There was nothing unusual about the stone statue. Strangely, the base of the stone statue.

"Remove Delirium!"

With a shout, a cold light appeared in the middle of the Jungle Scamper's helmet. It was shaped like a vertical eye.

Remove Delirium: Consumes 30 mana points. There is a chance to see through traps, opportunities, arrays, illusions, etc. Cooldown time is 5 minutes!

Eh?

No reaction?

"I don't believe it!"

Qin Luo moved closer to take a closer look.

Although it looked flawless and nothing special, his sixth sense told him that there was definitely something wrong here.

Five minutes later!

"Remove Delirium!"

No reaction?

Unacceptable!

Another five minutes later!

"Remove Delirium!"

There was still no reaction!

???

Another five minutes later!

Again!

"Remove Delirium!"

Silence!

F*ck!

< EMPTY >

"Remove Delirium!"

Ding… your skill Falsebreaker has taken effect, Mystery Prying! '

Success!

Qin Sheng, who was already prepared to give up, was overjoyed.

Looking over, he saw several irregular nodes that were hard to discern with the naked eye at the bottom of the stone statue.

Boom…

Reaching out, he corrected a few nodes.

In an instant, a heavy rumble sounded, as if a ten thousand jin stone gate was opened. The base of the stone statue rotated, revealing the staircase hidden below.

"Hidden secret grounds?"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, unable to conceal his excitement. "Is this the true location of the treasure?"

He went down the ranks!

Qin Luo ascended the spiral staircase carefully step by step. It took him nearly half an hour to reach the end.

1080 steps!

Not one step, not one step!

Ding… you have discovered a hidden map: Naga's Land, Reputation + 100! '

Reputation + 100?

Qin Luo Sheng's face turned cold.

Killing a Black Iron Boss only added 20 Reputation points, but he discovered a map that added 100 points?

The Naga Ancestral Land!

There must be great danger here!

Reality proved that Qin Sheng's guess was right!

In front of him, a Naga appeared. His eyes were shining with a strange red light as he wandered aimlessly.

[Enchanted Naga (Enhanced Elite)]

Level: LV9

Health: 8000

Attack: 380

Defense: 225

Speed: 135

Skills:???

Introduction: The genius of the Naga Race was chosen as a sacrifice because of his extraordinary talent. He was sacrificed to the Naga God and was sealed in the ancestral land under the Naga Altar to protect the Naga God. He was unable to go out for eternity. His hatred bred evil and he became a demon. He abandoned the faith of the Naga God and became a demon. He thirsted for blood and hated all life.