Chapter 31: Black Hair'S Return: Treasure Map

"Transaction complete!"

Qin Luo Sheng walked to the front of the azure hair expressionlessly after his team was wiped out. He looked at the clear and beautiful eyes that met his and said indifferently, "Remember, my 100,000 wolf eyes."

With that, he turned around and left.

After taking a few steps, he turned around to look at the fine black hair. He pointed at the expanse of starlight in the direction of the Thunder Union and said, “Those, take them as a gift for this transaction.”

Then, he shifted his gaze to Yatu and took out a few pieces of equipment from his backpack. "These were dropped by the Boss, Naga Priest. They're yours now."

Yatu was about to refuse.

Qin Luo Sheng took out a few more pieces of equipment and said, "These are the remuneration for helping me collect the wolf's eyes. You can estimate the exact value. If it's not enough, I can continue to use higher grade equipment to exchange for them. I can also use gold coins. Anyway, the more the better."

"Wait a moment!" She turned around once again. After taking a few steps, a cold voice came from behind her. She turned back and saw the black hair slowly walking forward. In her hands that were like snow and jade, there was a tattered sheepskin scroll. She handed it over to him. At the same time, her cherry lips opened slightly and her breath was like orchids. "Take this as a return gift!"

Return gift?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned.

Soon after, he recalled that this was a piece of equipment dropped by Mad Thunder and the others, as well as a gift for helping them kill the Boss.

After all, the deal between them was only to exterminate everyone in the Thunder Guild. It did not include killing the Boss, nor did it include the ownership of the equipment dropped after killing the Thunder Guild members.

To repay the favor, to repay the favor.

Since she had given him the spoils of war, she would return the favor.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the azure hair with interest. Under his gaze, the azure hair had no reaction at all. On the contrary, a pair of eyes were staring straight into his eyes. It was like an ancient well without ripples, dark and profound. There was not the slightest bit of embarrassment, let alone the reaction of embarrassment, anger, and other normal girls.

"I'll accept it!"

Qin Sheng took the tattered sheepskin scroll from Qing Si's hands and stuffed it into his backpack without even looking at it. At the same time, he faced Yatu and said to him, "The trading time ends tomorrow. No matter how many wolf eyes you collect, I want them tomorrow."

"Alright!" Yatu nodded, indicating that he understood.

“Hey! ~ ~”

Qin Luo turned around and was stopped again.

He turned around helplessly and looked at the person who called him—

Mu Mu!

"Can you lead me… to clear the Nightmare Trial Grounds?"

Little Chili was no longer hot. Under Qin Luo's gaze, she actually avoided his gaze. Her pretty face and sparkling jade-like ears had turned red, and her voice was no longer as loud as before. It had become soft. Her body twisted, her hands subconsciously intertwined, and her jade-like fingers pointed at each other. She suddenly looked both adorable and demure.

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. He did not reply and turned to leave without hesitation.

Instantly, Mu Mu's eyes turned red!

"We'll talk when we have time!"

Qin Sheng's voice was heard after he had walked out for more than ten meters. "Also, my fee is very expensive. Contact me when you've prepared the money!"

"That bastard!"

Mu Mu immediately broke into a smile and wiped the non-existent tears on her face. She said angrily, "Despicable big baddie, money-grubber, stinking money."

The charm of a young girl could be seen at a glance!

…

[Treasure Map (Incomplete)]

Type: Treasure Map

Effect: None

Introduction: The Naga Race's treasure location. Search according to the route recorded in the map. Perhaps you can find the Naga Race's treasure.

It was a treasure map?!!

Qin Qin Sheng held the tattered sheepskin scroll in his hand, his face filled with surprise.

Treasure map!

Just these three words were enough to attract people!

Originally, he had wanted to complete the High Priest’s mission of ‘investigating the source of the demonic energy’, or perhaps continue upwards and challenge the final difficulty of the abyssal trial.

From the looks of it now, he had to take a step back!

After all, whether it was a hidden mission or an abyssal trial, he was not confident.

This treasure map might be able to give him a pleasant surprise. He might be able to find a treasure that could increase his strength and increase his chances of completing the hidden mission or completing the trial in the abyss.

"A treasure map? How attractive!"

Qin Luo sighed. "However, we'll talk about it tomorrow. We've played for long enough today. It's almost time to play the game for the maximum of twelve hours per day."

Qin Luo Sheng was very tired!

From the moment they entered the game, they had been fighting. Even if they were made of steel, they would not be able to take it!

In particular, his battle with Snake Girl had expended a lot of effort. He was mentally and physically exhausted.

However, after receiving the transaction information from Qing Si, she immediately ran to Luo River and started another battle.

The reason why he had lost control a little and became so irritable and brutally killed the Thunder Union's fellow like a demon king was because he had accumulated too much anger from his battle with Snake Girl.

In other words, he had vented his anger on the innocent Young Master Thunder and the others.

This was such a coincidence. They could only blame themselves for being unlucky and bumping into them!

After all, under normal circumstances, he was the flower of his country that was filled with sunshine and justice. He was a hot-blooded successor to society. How could he do such a cruel thing?

Right?!!

Of course, killing people was killing people. This was part of the deal! However, at least it wouldn't hurt his heart. Even if he died, it would make this unlucky child, Mad Thunder, die more comfortably.

Now…

Sigh!

The truth had already been established. He only hoped that the people from the Thunder Guild would not have any psychological trauma. Amen!

With a heart full of compassion, Qin Luo Sheng found a safe place and chose to log off.

…

In reality!

Qin Luo removed his gaming helmet and looked out of the window. Indeed, it was pitch black.

He rubbed his tummy, which had been protesting for who knew how long. He was so hungry that his tummy was flat. He jumped up, washed up, and ignored his sticky body. He put on his clothes and rushed out of the door, heading straight for the food street not far away.

He had earned hundreds of thousands today, so he had to reward himself.

He had to calculate carefully when he ate the steamed buns in the morning. He was hungry in the afternoon, but at night, he would have a feast without any explanation.

Qin Sheng, who had spent more than 3,000 yuan on his crazy training, finally patted his bulging stomach and went home satisfied.

"Let's find a better place tomorrow. Living here for too long is not good for your health."

Qin Sheng frowned when he returned to his rented apartment and sniffed the mildew in the air.

In the past, financial conditions did not allow it. Now that he had money, how could he abuse himself?

He had earned hundreds of thousands in a single day. Furthermore, as long as the BUG, the Lord of the Stars, was still around, he would have an endless source of money. Nothing could be saved.

After a cold shower, Qin Sheng gradually fell into a deep sleep, longing for the future.