Chapter 36: Queen Naga (1)

Shit?

Qin Luo gasped when he saw the attributes of the demonized Naga.

F*ck, this attribute was comparable to a Bronze Boss of the same level!

Was the Enhanced Elite that awesome?

Comparatively—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV9

Class: Warrior

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 1950

Power: None

Money: 27 Gold, 55 Silver, 69 Copper

Basic Attributes: Strength: 215, Constitution: 132, Agility: 105, Spirit: 100

Special attributes: Luck 0, Charm Max, Enlightenment 0, Tenacity 0, Focus 0

Health: 6884 / 6884

Mana: 5099 / 5099

Physical Attack: 553

Magic Attack: 132

Physical Defense: 352

Magic Defense: 35

Speed: 126

Dodge: 35%

Critical Hit: 45%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Skills: [Detection]… (omitted)

Fortunately!

He had completely surpassed them!

The situation was still under control!

"He's directly attacking!"

Qin Sheng was not in the mood to play around with such a chicken monster. It was just a waste of his time. He grabbed Bloodthirst and charged straight at it.

The demonized Naga's senses were quite sharp. Within the range of eight meters, it had already sensed Qin Sheng, an outsider. It opened its mouth and let out a shrill and strange cry, while dragging its tail and rushing over rapidly.

"The genius of the Naga Race in the past has now been reduced to a monster without any rationality. What a pity!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a slight step back and easily dodged the demonized Naga's attack. He then casually swung his sword and the sharp edge of the sword tore through his frail skin, leaving a shallow wound.

-302!

This damage was rather low!

He raised his head and looked at his surroundings. With the Spiritual Water Pearl, his vision underwater increased rapidly. He could see everything within a 50 meter radius clearly.

1,2,3,4?

Just four?

There were only four demonized Nagas in the 50-meter wide space?

No wonder he was so strong. He was almost equivalent to a Bronze Boss of the same level!

Such a sparse distribution was understandable!

If there were too few monsters, then there was no need to hold back. He would go all out and end the battle quickly.

"Sirius!"

"Encourage!"

"Berserk!"

He used three consecutive buff skills, and in an instant, his attack attributes increased exponentially!

"Berserk… Heavy Strike!"

She clenched Bloodthirst tightly, ignored the demonized Naga's attack, and fiercely hacked at her head.

-155!

-1,4800!

Two damage numbers flashed above Qin Luo and the demonized Naga's heads at the same time.

Qin Luo's life bar, which was more than 6,000, had been deducted by more than a hundred points. It had shrunk by a tiny bit and was almost invisible to the naked eye.

However, the Enchanted Naga had 8,000 Health Points, but in that instant, it performed a horrifying Health Bar Disappearance spell.

“Uh…”

Qin Sheng had succeeded in his attack and was about to follow up with another attack. However, when he raised Bloodthirst again, he realized that he had lost his target.

"So brittle?"

Qin Luo looked at the demonized Naga on the ground in astonishment. For a moment, he was still in a daze.

They had just prepared for a big battle with their blood boiling, but in the blink of an eye, the enemy was insta-killed. This…

"This Skywolf is a BUG!"

After silently calculating for a moment, the corners of Qin Sheng's lips twitched.

The effect of the Sirius was to increase physical attack by 100%!

As a result, the attack power that was originally more than 500 increased to over 1000!

With the boost from Encourage and Enrage, as well as the 25% increase from Weapon Proficiency and Two-Handed Proficiency—

Finally, Berserk Strike increased damage by 500%, and after 100% Critical Hit, the damage was doubled again.

The poor demonized Naga died under such a terrifying attack.

“Unfortunately, its duration is too short, and it can only be utilized as a trump card!”

However, killing a monster in five minutes was rather efficient.

If they fought normally, it would take at least two to three minutes!

After all, the demonized Naga was not a random cat or dog that could be slaughtered at will. It still had some strength.

Continue…

He quickly approached the next Enchanted Naga!

The Sirius was still cooling down. Qin Luo would not be so silly as to wait for five minutes.

Instant kill monsters were very satisfying, but that was only because they relied on their attributes and skills to overwhelm the enemy. They were unable to increase their combat abilities.

He might be able to deal with small monsters all the time, but what about the BOSS?

Since they could not kill the Boss instantly, they could only rely on their numbers or fight alone.

If he did not take this opportunity to properly sharpen his combat ability, he would not be able to go far in the future.

With more than 6,000 Health Points, Qin Luo was not afraid that the demonized Naga would pose a threat to him. He truly treated her as a whetstone to temper himself.

…

The land of the Naga Ancestor was vast and empty!

This place was abandoned!

Apart from the demonized Naga that had been exiled inside and had fallen to become a demonic creature, there was no other existence.

And demonized Nagas were pitifully few.

Qin Luo Sheng took nearly an hour to finish off less than twenty demonized Nagas before finally clearing the place.

"It seems that the Naga Race has really declined. There are only two or three big cats guarding the ancestral land!"

No matter what, it was still an ancient great clan, one of the royal clans of the water, comparable to the human race, flourishing for a period of time.

Unfortunately, it had declined to this extent!

Even if this was only a branch, based on this declining situation, the entire Naga Race was probably not much better.

"However, this is a bargain for me!"

Qin Sheng had no interest in the Naga Race. On the contrary, he had to thank the Naga Race for its decline. Otherwise, how could one of the ancient water-type royal families be reduced to such a state where even a novice village like him dared to venture deep into the altar and even into the ancestral grounds?

"A starving camel is still bigger than a horse. Each of them will drop at least one piece of equipment. The drop rate is much higher than I imagined!"

After picking up the equipment dropped by the last demonized Naga that died under the sword, it turned out to be a bronze necklace.

Unfortunately, it could not be worn without appraisal!

"Alright, the minions have been cleared. Let me see who the big boss hidden in the depths of the ancestral land is!"

Qin Luo did not delay after cleaning up his spoils of war. He headed straight for the depths of the ancestral land.

There wasn’t much time left until the appointed time with Jatu. He had to make this quick.

"As expected of the former royal family of the water. The branch is so majestic. The sea is indeed the richest!"

Qin Luo clicked his tongue in wonder.

Glazed Silver, Coral Agate, Golden Jade…

There was everything!

Things that were supposed to be valuable on land were scattered all over the place like rocks on a riverbank.

And this was just child's play!

The most shocking thing was a palace made of glass and an unknown transparent white jade.

It was very similar to the legendary Crystal Palace!

Stepping onto the white jade stairs, he pushed open the glass doors and stepped into the glorious palace!

It was completely empty!

"A thousand years have passed. It is unexpected that there is actually an expert who can barge into my Naga Sacred Hall in this isolated corner!”

A faint voice suddenly sounded in this magnificent palace.

Qin Luo looked over.

At the end of the palace, on the luxurious throne, a slender figure sat leisurely. At this moment, her dark eyes were shining brightly as she stared at him!