Chapter 30: The Demon King Arrives (4)

"Come! I'll give you a chance to attack!"

A sinister smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's lips as he waved at Mad Thunder in an extremely arrogant manner.

Young Master Leiting was furious. Without thinking, he prepared to retort.

However, as soon as he raised his head, he saw Qin Luo's calm eyes. To be precise, he saw the extreme ruthlessness in Qin Sheng's eyes.

In an instant, he felt as if he had been targeted by a prehistoric beast. His breathing stopped and his entire body stiffened!

"What, you're not going to make a move?—Don't waste my time. I'll give you three seconds. If you don't make a move, I won't hold back."

Qin Luo Sheng swung his sword lightly, and his aura suddenly soared like a mountain or a sea, suppressing everyone present to the point that they could hardly breathe. The first to bear the brunt was naturally Mad Thunder, who was at the center of the oppression.

"Bastard, stop looking down on me!"

The veins on Young Master Leiting's forehead popped out. He roared and withstood the immense pressure, he charged forward brazenly. He raised his longsword high and tightened his arm. The pitch-black blade was instantly covered in a layer of red light. The temperature rose and the flames boiled—

"Blazing Fire Sword Art!"

Qin Luo was stunned.

It was not because he was frightened by Young Master Thunder, but because he was stunned by the skill he used.

What the f*ck?!

Blazing Fire Sword Technique!?

Why didn't you use the full moon scimitar?

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but complain.

Nothing else!

The name of this move was simply too well-known.

That was one of the most famous games in his previous life, the ultimate swordsmanship of the Warriors of the three major professions. In the past, he was also a man who used the Blazing Fire Sword Technique to kill and torture monsters!

Unfortunately…

There was no going back.

The Blazing Fire Sword Technique was not the Blazing Fire Sword Technique, and neither was the Warrior!

Clang!

The flaming sword edge landed heavily on Qin Sheng's body, which was neither dodging nor evading. Sparks flew as the sword edge brushed against Qin Sheng's body.

The scene was very shocking!

However—

-8!

It was only 8 points, and the damage was not even double-digit, but it was very strong.

"Impossible!"

His confident attack only dealt 8 damage?

Mad Thunder was stunned on the spot, his face full of disbelief!

His Blazing Fire Sword Technique increased damage by 50%, which was 150% of normal damage. Yet, it only caused 8 damage?!!

"Oh, it hurts!"

Qin Sheng, who had no expression on his face, raised his eyebrows slightly and said something that almost made everyone present spurt blood.

So painful!

It hurts!

Pain!

The three simple words echoed in Young Master Thunder's mind like a demon's voice. His face turned red instantly.

"…I… want… to… kill… you…"

Countless whispers floated into his ears. He couldn’t hear them clearly, nor could he hear them clearly. However, to Mad Thunder, they were all mocking and ridiculing him. Instantly, his eyes turned bloodshot, and like a wild beast that had lost its mind, he slashed wildly with his sword.

-1!

-1!

MISS!

-1!

MISS!

-1!

…

Qin Luo Sheng had a cold expression on his face. He did not dodge or evade and allowed the lightning bolts that were like mad dogs to attack him.

Without the support of his skills, he could not even break through the defense of his physical defense which was more than three hundred points. Such an attack was a joke.

"Haven't you eaten? Use more strength!"

Qin Sheng crossed his arms over his chest and looked down at Young Master Leiting coldly. He shouted, "You dare to challenge me with your looks? Who gave you the courage, Liang Jingru? You're really trash that's worse than a dog!"

The onlookers instantly felt a chill!

No one bothered to find out who Liang Jingru was. Instead, they stared blankly at Young Master Lei, who was like a mad dog, and remained silent.

At this moment, their world view was overturned!

The legendary master, the famed Thunder Union head, was actually so weak!?

No one thought that Young Master Leiting was a noob. Just based on his sword technique that was stained with flames, he had surpassed almost everyone present. He deserved the title of a powerhouse.

‘ But—’

He was a powerhouse. What was that mysterious warrior who was allowing him to attack without retaliating, with his arms crossed and an indifferent expression on his face?

Pervert?

Bug?

Hang the wall?

Or…

Devil king?!

That's right, he was the Demon King!

It was so strong that it made people despair!

What he did made people despair…

The devil!

I won’t hit you. I won’t even touch you. I’ll just let you attack me like this. I’ll just watch you act like you’re a kid playing around. I’ll quietly watch you flex. I’ll watch you do everything you can and do everything you can. In the end, I realize that I can’t even hurt him.

How desperate was this!?

How cruel was that?!

“Killing someone is nothing more than nodding your head. As for him, he will directly destroy you, extinguish your spirit, destroy your pride, your dignity, and your spirit. He will completely destroy you.

Even an ordinary person would not be able to withstand such an encounter, let alone a pampered young master like Mad Thunder.

After this battle, there was definitely something wrong with Young Master Leiting's mind. At the very least, when he was facing this great demon king, he would definitely recall the scene today and fall into fear, unable to extricate himself.

Unless he could regain his confidence and dignity as Demon King Blood Blade.

Otherwise, he would live under the shadow of the Demon King for the rest of his life!

"Is that all you can do?"

Disappointment was written all over Qin Luo Sheng's face. He looked coldly at Young Master Leiting and raised the [Bloodthirst] in his hand indifferently under his horrified gaze. His tone was calm as he said, "Since that's the case, then you can die!—You can't even bring me the slightest bit of pleasure. You so-called powerhouse should just disappear like this, lest you become an eyesore to me!"

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

A sword flashed past!

-4088!

Over 500 Physical Attack, five times the damage from Berserk Heavy Strike, and double the damage from Critical Hit.

It was equivalent to…

More than 500 Physical Attack, 10 times Damage!

Mad Thunder's defense was probably only a little more than a hundred. It could deal over four hundred damage to him and then multiply by ten times. In an instant, a four-digit yellow damage number vibrated and shocked everyone's eyeballs.

"Ah…"

Mad Thunder, who was attacking like a mad dog, immediately stopped after receiving such a heavy blow. His eyes bulged, and his bloodshot eyes were filled with unwillingness, anger, disbelief, and deep fear.

A white light shot into the sky!

The entire Luo River fell silent!

Whether it was the Thunder Union faction, the Elegance Pavilion faction, or the spectators faction…

Everyone was stunned!

Even the most flippant Mu Mu had fallen silent at this moment. Her beautiful eyes were wide open, and her alluring little mouth was wide open, causing one's imagination to run wild.

4000 damage?

Was this the kind of damage a human could do?

Even if it was a BOSS, it was far from being comparable, right?

Everyone focused their attention on the mysterious warrior who was still wielding his sword. Other than shock and surprise, there was also indescribable madness, longing, admiration, and even admiration in their eyes. Many female players' eyes were shining with admiration.

"Can't even withstand a single blow!"

Qin Sheng did not feel anything after receiving so many stares. He swung his long sword and shifted his gaze from Young Master Thunder's corpse to the remaining members of the Thunder Union who were frightened like sheep. The corners of his lips curled into a cruel smile. "Now, it's your turn!"

The massacre had begun!

One man, one sword, a tiger among a flock of sheep, none of them could match him!

A few seconds later!

Seven white lights shot into the sky!

Everyone looked over.

On top of the corpses, there was a figure holding a sword. It was like a black hole, mysterious and terrifying.

From this moment on—

Demon King's name!

It was deeply rooted in everyone's hearts!