Chapter 32: Failing To Posture

The next day!

Qin Sheng, who had slept enough, woke up early. He did not enter Fate Dimension immediately, but found a reliable real estate agency online.

Money opened the way, everything seemed simple!

Within a few hours, Qin Sheng had moved into his rented apartment.

This was a newly developed district. The environment was above 70%, and the greenery was quite large. The security was not weak, and it was suitable for living.

These were only secondary. What was most important to Qin Luo was convenience!

It was convenient to travel and eat!

The area outside the district was filled with all kinds of restaurants. After walking for a few more minutes, a few alleys were filled with extremely delicious "flies restaurant". For a "super geek" like him who only played games every day, it was simply heaven.

Of course, the rent for such a good location was a little expensive. 15,000 yuan a month was not a bargain, but it was worth it. It was quite good.

After paying rent for half a year, Qin Sheng had finally settled down here.

There were two bedrooms and one living room. The space was big, the lighting was good, the view was good, and the renovation was tasteful. It could be considered as a top-notch house with this price range. It was all thanks to the intermediary who used money. Otherwise, such a house might not even have been given out!

It was noon.

After a busy morning, the internal organs were already protesting.

He took out his newly bought Huawei cell phone and ordered a luxurious seafood delivery. He took it as a celebration of his new house.

The restaurant that ordered takeout was very close to the district. In less than half an hour, the delivery man delivered the food to his door.

Without any hesitation, he gave her a Like, a five-star rating, and a reward!

After finishing his lunch quickly and exercising a little to help digest it, Qin Sheng finally entered the bedroom. He laid on the soft bed, took the gaming helmet and put it on.

Come—

Lincoln died!

Cough cough, he had come to the wrong set!

"Enter the game!"

His consciousness dimmed. In the next moment, his vision lit up, and he appeared in the Fate Dimension.

"Wu wu wu…"

As soon as he got online, he heard a strange roar.

He turned around and saw an extremely ugly monster charging at him while howling.

He activated Probing Skill and the information appeared in his eyes.

[Water Monster]

Level: LV8

Health: 4000

Attack: 220

Defense: 80

Speed: 65

Skill: [Water Ball]

Introduction: The originally unintelligent water sprite transformed into an ugly water monster after Naga enlightened it. It protected Naga's territory and attacked all non-quarter creatures that invaded the water.

The level 8 hydra was quite strong, but it was slightly weaker than the other level 8 monsters. Perhaps it was because the aquatic creatures were affected after coming ashore.

He took out [Bloodlust] and did not dodge. After a few quick strikes, the hydra with only 4,000 HP fell to the ground and turned into a pool of water. He was so stingy that not a single strand of hair was left behind.

He looked around and saw five or six water monsters wandering around.

Without any hesitation, he charged forward.

Three minutes later, there was no one moving within his field of vision.

At this moment, Qin Sheng finally put away his Bloodlust in peace and took out the treasure map from his backpack.

Ding… activated treasure map?

"Activate!"

Instantly, the tattered sheepskin scroll emitted a faint brilliance.

Looking at it again, the originally dirty and unnoticeable parchment seemed to have been washed. The location, location, route, everything was clearly marked.

He opened the map of the Beginner's Village and compared it with the map. He discovered that the entrance marked by the treasure was not far ahead, about a few hundred meters away.

Walking along the Luo River, he saw many groups along the way.

That was true!

It had been almost fourteen hours since dawn. Many lunatics must have entered the game and started fighting since midnight. They had used up twelve hours of game time a day early.

After more than ten hours of leveling up, the elite players on the first step had reached level 7 and 8. It shouldn't be difficult to deal with weak level 8 monsters like the hydra.

"Looks like I have to speed up the process!"

Qin Qin Sheng thought to himself.

Luo He would probably become a new leveling ground for players very soon. At that time, there would be too many people and it would be inconvenient to look for treasures. The greed of humans could never be underestimated!

Beep beep beep—

As he was running, his communicator suddenly rang.

It was Yatu!

The call connected!

"Brother Weeping Soul, you're finally online! If you don't go online, I won't have enough time in the game and will be kicked offline by the system."

Qin Sheng:…

Another game maniac!

"Something happened in real life, so I was delayed!"

Qin Luo gave a brief explanation. As for what it was, he did not say, and Yatu naturally would not ask.

"Where are you now? How about I wait for you here?"

"Not now. I'm at the Luo River. I have a mission that will take a while. I don't know how long it will take," Qin Sheng said helplessly. He wanted to go back and get the wolf's eye, but the conditions were not allowed.

This trip would take at least half an hour. In addition, he had to bring Wolf Eyes to the Alchemist Wu Lin's place. The delay would definitely be longer.

After the series of events, the number of people on Luo He's side would definitely increase. If they were to continue searching for the treasure, it would definitely attract more attention and cause more problems.

"This is a little difficult!" Yatu said with difficulty.

"It's fine. You don't have game time. You can trade with someone else," Qin Luo said.

Yatu: "Changing someone is a solution, but the problem is that it won't work!"

"No?" Qin Sheng was surprised. "What do you mean?"

"I have about eight million wolf eyes here. Other than me, no one else can trade with you!" Yatu said helplessly.

"What?" Qin Luo's eyes widened abruptly and he could not help but shout, "Eight million?"

"That's right. More accurately speaking, it's more than 7.92 million!" Yatu said. "You said that the more the merrier. I did my best to receive these!"

Talent?

Qin Luo nearly fainted!

Brother, are you not a human anymore?

Eight million wolf eyes!

Holy shit!

How did you collect them?

"I say, what are you pretending to be? What do you mean by the more the merrier? Look at what happened now. You shot yourself in the foot."

Qin Qin Sheng wished he could give himself two tight slaps.

Previously, he had said that he would pay one bronze coin for one wolf eye. How much would he pay for eight million wolf eyes?

According to the exchange rate of 1 gold coin for 10,000 wolf eyes, he needed to pay a total of 800 gold coins!!

He opened his backpack and looked at the twenty or so pitiful gold coins inside. Qin Luo was crying so hard that he fainted in the toilet!

He logged into the Virtual Exchange Platform and glanced at the ratio of gold coins to RMB. He felt dizzy.

F*ck!

1 gold coin was sold for 1000 RMB?

Did they sell gold from Africa?

Didn't this mean that he had to pay 800,000 RMB?

Qin Luo Sheng did not have that much money!

Besides, even if he had money, he didn't have that much money to buy it for him!

According to the ratio, the alchemist Wu Lin would give him a hundred times more generous remuneration. After all, Wu Lin had promised that 100 wolf eyes were worth 1 gold in his hands, while he would buy 10,000 wolf eyes for 1 gold.

However, Wu Lin's gold was not real gold coins, but potions of the same value as gold coins. There was no way to pay for it!

Was he really going to use equipment to fill in the gaps?

Qin Luo Sheng silently looked at the Gold equipment [Wolf Fang] [Bloodthirsty] [Jungle Hunter's Helmet] [Jungle Hunter's Boots] and then at the [Spiritual Light Cape] Epic cloak. His face twitched.

He couldn't bear to part with any of them.

Moreover, these were his capital, his capital to complete the hidden mission and clear the Purgatory Mode trial grounds. How could he use them to repay his debt? He was simply killing the chicken to get the eggs!

“I can’t do this or that. What the hell am I supposed to do?”

Qin Luo Sheng was at a loss for a moment.