Chapter 34: Spirit Treasure: Water Vein Spirit Pearl

"This is… a treasure chest?"

Qin Luo swam over and was stunned when he saw what was glowing.

A treasure chest actually appeared in this place?

It was not strange that the Naga Race had a treasure chest.

However, this altar that looked like it had been abandoned for an unknown period of time, no matter how one looked at it, it did not look like there was a treasure chest. However, it did, and it did not exist in special places like altars, but in a normal crack between rocks. This was a bit unusual.

"Could it be a trap?"

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat bewildered.

The Naga Race was an ancient race. Even if they had declined, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. A rotten ship still had three nails. He didn't dare to advance recklessly.

"Let's do it. What's the big deal about being timid?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the treasure chest wrapped in seaweed and covered in moss from the corrosion of the seawater. He thought about it, gritted his teeth and decided to take the gamble.

If it wasn't for the fact that there was a huge transaction that he didn't have the money to pay, he wouldn't have taken this risk.

If he died at this stage, the losses would be huge.

The equipment was still alright. With the Starlight Miracle, he would be able to return sooner or later.

However, losing a level was unacceptable. It would disrupt many follow-up plans, and the loss outweighed the gain.

"Let's go!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and surveyed his surroundings again. After confirming that there was no danger, he carefully squatted down and extended his hand towards the Pandora's box.

"Ding, this treasure chest is a special treasure chest. It cannot be opened normally!"

Suddenly, a crisp sound rang beside his ear. Qin Sheng, who was already startled by the sound, shuddered and almost jumped up in fright.

"Special treasure chest? Unable to open it?"

Could it be…

Qin Luo Sheng seemed to have thought of something!

He vaguely remembered that he seemed to have obtained something similar before.

He opened his backpack and rummaged through it.

Finally, he saw a key-shaped prop in the corner.

[Bronze Key]

Type: Item

[Effect: Open Bronze Treasure Chest]

Introduction: It's said to be Master Lu's * * *, which can open the Wan Clan Lock.

That's right, that's it!

He couldn't wait to close the bronze key.

However—

"Ding, the grade of the item is insufficient, unable to open the treasure chest!"

What the heck?

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly dumbfounded!

It was like a blow to the head. Her good mood instantly vanished.

"Is this treasure chest B of such a high grade?"

Qin Luo hugged the treasure chest gloomily, his face filled with helplessness.

He had never even come across a white treasure chest before. He did not expect that the first treasure chest he found would be of a higher grade than bronze. Furthermore, it was a special treasure chest that could not be opened using ordinary methods. Was this luck or misfortune?

"Eh…"

The treasure chest could not be kept in the backpack, it could not be opened, and it could not be taken away. Qin Sheng was about to throw it away when an idea suddenly popped up in his mind.

"Miracle Starlight!"

Upon hearing the prompt of the system 'sublimation success', he looked at the bronze key with anticipation.

[Gold Key]

Type: Item

Effect: Unlocking the Gold Treasure Chest

Introduction: It's said to be Master Lu's * * *, which can open the Wan Clan Lock.

NICE!

He had actually jumped levels!

Gold Treasure Chest, this should be enough, right?

Once again, Qin Sheng reached for the keyhole of the treasure chest.

"Ding, the treasure chest is opening. Current progress: 1%…"

Sure!

Qin Luo snapped his fingers happily as he stared at the fast extension of the lock.

5%!

10%!

20%!

50%!

100%!

Under the influence of the key, the treasure chest opened very quickly. In less than 10 seconds, it reached 100% Maximum Value!

Pata ~

A crisp sound came from the keyhole.

The treasure chest opened!

"Ding… Congratulations on successfully opening the Naga Treasure Chest and obtaining Special Item * 1!"

Just this?

The ancient Naga Race's special treasure chest was here?

Qin Luo's veins bulged. He felt like he had been played by the system!

"Alright, I'd like to see what kind of treasure it is that has the right to lie in a special treasure chest that can only be opened by the gold key!"

He picked up the jade-like crystal ball from the treasure chest—

[Spiritual Water Pearl]

Type: Spiritual Treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None (Unbinding)

Effect: Strength + 30, Constitution + 30, Agility + 30, Spirit + 30

Special Effect: [Water Spirit] possesses the Water Spiritual Pearl, affinity with the water element, increases water damage by 50%, increases water resistance by 20%, and also knows water properties. It can move freely underwater without obstruction, does not reduce abilities, ignores water pressure, and can easily control water veins!

Additional Skill: Water Pulse Attack, consumes 1,000 Mana Points, manipulates the water element to form a whirlpool of water, creating a violent water pressure attack on enemies within a 10x10 radius, causing 200% strength damage, fixed additional 500 points of water damage, dealing an additional 50% damage to fire-type creatures. There is a certain chance of causing serious injury, cutting, freezing effect, lasts for 15 seconds, cooldown time is 30 minutes! (Depending on the number and quality of water element, the effect will increase)

Introduction: A water-type Numinous treasure condensed from the spiritual energy of the four seawater meridians. It is extremely precious and is a supreme treasure in the eyes of water elementalists. It is said that this treasure is only controlled by the royal family of ancient waters and is passed down from generation to generation. Only the king can possess it. With it, one can easily control the water meridians and become the god of water.

Holy shit!

Qin Luo Sheng was flabbergasted and his scalp went numb!

He had never expected that the treasure chest that he had taken a liking to would bring him such an incredible treasure!

Numinous treasure!

This was a type that had not been announced on the official website.

The Water Vein Spirit Pearl did not belong to the five outer pieces (helmet, armor, weapons, gauntlets, shoes), nor did it belong to the specialness of the five inner pieces (necklaces, earrings, rings, belts, jade pendants). It did not need to be worn and could be put into a backpack to take effect. Regardless of its effects, just the lack of a limited number of equipment to wear was enough to raise its value by a level.

The four basic attributes increased by a total of 30 points. Such a terrifying increase was only the most basic effect of the Spiritual Water Pearl. What was truly terrifying was the special effect [Water Spirit]!

If this was given to a water-type magic caster, they could easily create a monster!

Qin Luo Sheng was not a water-type, nor did he have any water-type offensive capabilities. Therefore, what he valued was the ability of "affinity with water element".

This ability was heaven-defying!

Just a moment ago, he was still feeling aggrieved and uncomfortable as his health points were constantly being deducted. After obtaining the Spiritual Water Pearl, all the negative effects disappeared.

Qin Luo had an unprecedented feeling!

This feeling was indescribable!

He was like a fish!

No, it should be stronger than a fish!

Not only could he remain unaffected in the water, but he could also control the water!

The King of Hell that was threatening his life at all times was now like an arm.

How magical!

"The price of this thing is a little lower than that of a country. It definitely won't be a problem for it to be priceless!"

Changing the characteristics of the race and giving the talents of other races!

The title of Numinous Treasure was well-deserved!

"As expected of a treasure map. This treasure does not disappoint!"

Qin Luo was satisfied with the Water Vein Spirit Pearl.

"It's a pity that I can't take this out even if I die. How am I going to deal with Yatu's eight million wolf eyes?"