Chapter 38: Queen Naga (3)

The humans of ancient times, what the f*ck?

I'm just here to play a game. What does the background design have to do with me? Do I have to feel guilty because of this?

So what if it was real?

"Didn't you see that our ancestors used to eat raw meat and drink blood? They were at the bottom of the food chain in the natural world. They developed step by step and used endless blood and sacrifices to create the grand occasion where humans are revered?!

The rise of a race brought blood and destruction. This was the law of nature!

In this cruel world, there was no right or wrong. There was no law or morality, only power!

Humans had experienced countless hardships before they dominated the world. In the past, they treated humans as food, such as lions, leopards, tigers, leopards, and other wild beasts. They were locked in the zoo for viewing purposes. They domesticated wild boars into pig pens to feed their meat. They domesticated wild wolves into dogs and even beat and scolded them…

Although the myriad races in the game world were different and were all intelligent races, their essence was still the same.

Everything—

Strength was everything!

"Hahaha…"

The Naga Empress burst into wild laughter. "What an interesting little brat! Do you think I'm really too lonely to talk so much nonsense with an ant like you? Do you want to talk to someone?"

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked!

"That's right, I'm stalling for time!"

An expression of ridicule flashed through the Naga Empress' eyes, and her tone was cold and stern. "In the past, the late emperor led the remaining tribesmen to hide in this godforsaken place, so as to protect the Naga Race from extinction."

"However, she was wrong!"

"This world is so cruel. The heavens will not give us free food. The despicable humans will not give us time to recuperate and give us a chance to rise."

"If you want to restore the glory of the Naga Race in the past, you can only fight for it, snatch it, and plunder it. Use your own hands to conquer the land for your descendants, and not linger around in this isolated place!"

I agree with that!

Qin Luo Sheng nodded involuntarily!

No matter which world it was, there was no free lunch.

No one would sympathize with you and give you charity. You can only rely on yourself to fight. You can use your sweat and blood to make a living.

It was fine if they were of the same race, but if they were of different races, it would be unimaginably cruel.

Every race that rose to prominence was neither a coincidence nor fortune!

Instead, he had experienced unimaginable misery, tempered through blood and fire, metamorphosed, and reborn to become an overlord.

This was the fate of the human race!

It was the same for humans in the real world!

"However, those weak and incompetent people only wanted to live a mediocre life like turtles in this godforsaken place. Like dogs, they willingly put ropes around their necks, hoping that the cold-blooded and cruel executioners of the human race would be merciful and let them off."

"They have forgotten the blood feud of their ancestors, the hatred left behind by their ancestors, the pride of the Naga Race, and the dignity of the royal family in the water!"

"However, I have not forgotten!"

“This empress will always remember the look in the eyes of countless clansmen who died tragically on the battlefield because of the despicable schemes of the human race. I will never forget the regret and hatred that the late emperor felt when he died of depression.”

So?

Qin Luo looked speechlessly at Empress Naga who had transformed into a BB machine!

What are you going to say? Are you still going to fight?

He had been lonely for too long. Was he looking for someone to chat with?

"You seem a little impatient?"

The Naga Empress observed his expression and glanced coldly at Qin Sheng. She said coldly, "Since that's the case, then I shall not waste my breath!"

Was the main event finally about to begin?

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered and subconsciously gripped the [Bloodthirst] in his hand tightly!

“Why do you think this emperor wants you to say so much? It’s because this emperor is at a critical moment in breaking through the seal and has no choice but to use a delaying tactic.”

"Now, the seal has been broken!"

"After I regain my freedom, the first thing I do is kill my way out of the ancestral land. I will kill the traitors who tried to become the dogs of the human race and sneak attacked me while I was cultivating. Not only did they cause me to suffer heavy injuries, but they even sealed me in the ancestral land."

"Of course, before that, I have something to do!"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed. He could not help but ask, "What is it?"

"Kill you!"

The Naga Empress let loose a cold cry as her lithe and graceful body rose up from the crystal throne. She waved a hand through the air, and a streak of ice appeared before her.

"So fast!"

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils constricted as he wanted to dodge. However, his brain reacted, but his body was hindering him. He could not keep up at all. He could only watch helplessly as the sparkling and translucent icicle that carried a cold and deathly aura expanded in his eyes before finally shooting into his chest.

-968!

What the heck?!

A huge damage number appeared above his head!

Qin Luo Sheng gasped in shock when he saw that his health bar was emptied by one-sixth in an instant.

This damage was too terrifying!

Unexpectedly, the Naga Queen was a magical Boss!

Actually, this was normal!

As one of the royal families of the water, he had inherited the bloodline of the Naga Imperial Family. He did not know about other aspects, but when it came to controlling the water element, he should be super strong.

Water, on the other hand, was ever-changing and was most compatible with strange and multi-tiered magic.

"This is bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face immediately turned bitter!

Physical Defense could be converted to 1: 1 ratio. In other words, with 1 point of Constitution, other than increasing 10 Health Points, it could also increase 1 point of Physical Defense.

However, their spirits were down!

Spirit was only related to mana and magic attack. The former was 1 to 10, while the latter was 1 to 1!

As for magic defense, other than armor and special items, it was usually a conversion of physical defense. It was a conversion of 10 to 1 ratio, with 10 points of physical defense correspondingly increasing 1 point of magic defense.

Now that Qin Sheng's physical defense was 352, his magical defense only had a pitiful 35 points!

In the Beginner's Village, magical monsters were almost extinct. Some were pitifully few and pitifully weak.

He had never imagined that there would be a wyrm in the shallow waters, and that there would be a freak like the Naga Empress!

Magic Attack was as high as 1000 points. This was unbeatable!

In other words, Qin Sheng had relied on the Lord of the Stars to increase his Health Points by a total of 4,000 points. He had also used the Starlight Miracle Refining Equipment to forcibly equip himself with high-level equipment that should not have appeared in the Beginner's Village. He had become a Steel-Scaled Blood Bull with a total Health Points of more than 6,000, which was why he had not been instakilled.

Normal players, even Shield Specialists with full HP and full Defense, could only take two hits from Empress Naga at most. That's right, just two hits, two casual hits, just an ordinary A!

It was just so sick!

There was no solution!

There was almost no beginner village with magic resistance equipment. The Naga Queen was synonymous with invincibility!