Chapter 48: One Step Higher On The Path, One Step Higher On The Devil'S Path (1)

"This is mine!"

Upon seeing the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon, Qin Luo's breathing stopped. There was only one thought in his mind, and that was to take it for himself, no matter the price.

Putting aside the terrifying attribute increase, just the 1000 bag slots alone was enough to make him give up everything else, just this one!

‘ But—’

[Price: 80,000 gold coins!]

The price was as high as 80,000 yuan, and it was immediately dismissed!

It was too expensive!

He couldn't afford it!

Farewell!

Reason told Qin Sheng not to be delusional.

But it was so tempting!

His eyes were fixed on the Illusionary Spirit ribbon as if they were loaded with a magnet.

"What do you think, little brat? Do you think my stuff will catch your eye?"

The calm smile on Wu Lin's face made Qin Sheng feel contempt.

Who would have thought that this eccentric old man would have such an evil interest in pretending to be a boss? One really couldn't judge a book by its cover.

"What an eye-opener, what an eye-opener!"

Inwardly, he was cursing. On the surface, Qin Luo Sheng looked like a country bumpkin. He was putting on a good show and giving this old man who cared about face enough.

“I never expected that there would actually be so many wondrous things in this world. Truly a frog at the bottom of a well who hasn’t seen much of the world, ashamed, ashamed!”

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with shame. At the same time, he shot a glance at Wu Lin as a sharp glint flashed across his eyes.

This old fellow was quite good at pretending.

On the surface, his expression was still indifferent, as if he didn't take his flattery to heart. However, in reality, he was probably already secretly pleased. This flattery should have been done well!

Thus, he changed the topic and said, "Master Wu Lin, I wonder if our agreement is still valid?"

"Agreement?" Wu Lin was slightly taken aback before he immediately came to a realization. He took it upon himself and said, "Of course! I, Wu Lin, have always been one to keep my word. When have I ever gone back on my word? Back then, I promised you that my treasures would be open to you. If you use gold to buy it, I'll give it to you. If you use wolf eyes to exchange for it, I'll give it to you too!"

"Alright!"

Qin Qin Sheng clapped his hands hard and shouted!

Damn you!

I was waiting for you to say that!

We have eight million wolf eyes!

According to the agreement, 100 was equivalent to 1 gold!

In other words, he had a purchasing power of 80,000 gold coins!

It was just enough to exchange for the Illusionary Spirit ribbon!

Meanwhile, Wolf's Eye's purchase price from Yatuna was 1 bronze coin per person, and the cost was 100 times lower!

800 gold coins for such an insane Epic equipment, and it was the most practical belt!

Worth it!

Overvalued!

He had earned a lot!

However, other than the ribbon, Qin Sheng also wanted it.

Especially those four gold skill books that could permanently increase attributes, hidden attributes, and make people drool, he really wanted them!

Unfortunately, this was purely a dream!

To be able to obtain an Illusionary Spirit ribbon was already a tremendous lucky chance. If he wanted to take away so many treasures, what was he thinking of eating?

The worst part was that they might not even be able to buy the ribbon!

Firstly, the wolf's eyes were about eight million, not eight million. The amount seemed insufficient!

Secondly, the eyes of 8 million wolves were worth 800 gold coins. 12 gold coins for appraising equipment had already emptied his family's savings. Where could he find this 800 gold coins to give to Yatu?

The current price was about 10 copper coins per RMB. 1 gold was equivalent to 1,000 RMB!

800 gold coins!

Even if he could buy it, he would use 80W + RMB to exchange for it!

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng calculated silently and immediately felt a sharp pain in his crotch, as well as a sense of pain in his balls.

Was he really going to sell himself to help a rich person clear the trial grounds in exchange for money?

Or selling equipment?

Right!

Equipment!

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up!

It seemed like he still had the capital!

He had just spent a huge sum of 12 gold coins to appraise the huge pile of equipment that Empress Naga had dropped. Until now, he had not checked it yet. Something that could make an appraiser who was used to seeing treasures say "high-grade" definitely wouldn't be too bad.

"Brother Yatu, can you accept the equipment payment?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the dazed Jatu and said, "If it doesn't work, I can sell it on the virtual platform and give you gold!"

"Of course the equipment is priority!"

Yatu rejected without hesitation. "Regardless of whether our team needs it or not, we want equipment!"

Qin Luo was enlightened!

The Elegance Room was a huge guild with many members!

Not to mention those ordinary members, just the higher-ups were at least in the three digits.

In the early stages of the game, when there was a lack of skill books, equipment was the biggest measurement of combat power.

As the president, what Yatu couldn't use didn't mean his subordinates couldn't.

Not to mention that the equipment in his hands were all of good quality, even ordinary black iron equipment was needed under such a large number of people.

"Sure!"

Qin Luo nodded and opened his backpack.

He could sell the equipment on the virtual platform. He didn't have to worry about selling it. As long as the goods were good, there would be people fighting for it. However, he had to pay for the extremely high handling fee himself. Now that they wanted the equipment, he had no reason to reject them.

As the first Gold Boss to be killed and the Queen of the Nagas, the Queen of the Nagas was extremely forthright and did not let her down.

There were a total of eight pieces of equipment, five elementary Augmenting Gems, two intermediate Augmenting Gems, six spirit crystals, twelve crystal coins, two skill books, and a scroll!

It was a huge explosion!

There was no need to count the miscellaneous items. He threw them into his backpack!

The focus was on equipment, skill books, and scrolls!

After the Starlight Miracle Transcendence, the lowest grade of the eight pieces of equipment was Silver. There were a total of four pieces!

The remaining four items, two Gold items, and two Epic items!

He took a quick glance at the four pieces of Silver-quality equipment. They were of good quality and could be sold for a good price. Unfortunately, there was nothing he could use, so he could only give them to Ya Tu to repay his debt.

Two pieces of Gold equipment, a shield, and a cloth armor!

Bujia Fengxing took a fancy to it and did not bargain. He directly bid 30W + RMB!

This was a high-level item worn by level 10. It also had a skill. If it was thrown onto the virtual platform and operated well, the final transaction price might exceed this number.

Naturally, there was nothing to say about the shield. As a Shield Specialist, Yatu accepted it with a smile!

As the leader of the guild, he was also the face of the pavilion. He could not be too weak. This super strong shield was enough to double his strength. That's right, it was double. Shield Specialists relied on shields like this!

50W + RMB. This was Qin Sheng's bid!

If this shield was not replaced, it could be worn until level 20!

Of course, with Yatu's status, he would definitely find better alternatives.

However, this did not affect the shield's current value.

This was especially true for the newbie dungeon, the trial grounds. It was limited to only being able to be conducted in the newbie village. With a permanent increase in attributes, its value would increase.

"Brother Weeping Soul, this shield is more than 50W. I can't take advantage of it!"

Yatu was very embarrassed and took the initiative to raise the price.

"No need!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand in refusal. "That's the price! Please help me collect the wolf's eyes. It's been hard on you. Consider it a friendship price!"

Qin Luo did not want to owe anyone a favor!

Even if this was a deal, he had to return the favor!

Unfortunately, even if he thought like this, wasn’t Yatu the same?

To be able to make friends with the famous Weeping Soul Beast, a few hundred thousand RMB was just a small sum of money for a meal. Why would he use it to offset the favor?

"Then I'll ask Brother Yatu to continue purchasing the wolf eyes. The more the better!"

Qin Luo retreated after a round of pushing.

In terms of eloquence, he was definitely inferior to Yatu!

In addition, he did not want to waste time on this, so he could only comply!

There was no other way!

Since his sugar daddy wanted to deepen their relationship, then he should deepen it. Who wouldn't sell their equipment in the future? If someone accepted it immediately, he wouldn't have to waste his energy to sell it!

"Brat, how long are you going to dawdle? My time is very precious. I don't have time to waste with you! If you don't have money, get lost immediately and don't bother me!"

He had just traded four pieces of Silver Quality and two pieces of Gold Quality when Qin Luo continued looking at the remaining two pieces of Silver Quality. Wu Lin, who was at the side, was already getting impatient.

"It's here!"

Qin Luo shouted loudly. Without wasting any time, he pointed at something and said firmly, "I want it!"

Wu Lin:???

Yatu:???

Fengxing:???

Qing Yi:???

Mu Mu: "???”