Chapter 40: Attack And Defend

What should he do?

What should he do?

What should he do?

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely anxious!

In this desperate situation, his brain started to work rapidly!

Spiritual Light Cloak?

No, no!

The four effects of [Spiritual Light] were all useless.

A 30% reduction in damage was not enough to withstand this overwhelming attack!

It was useless even if he was invisible. This was a large-scale map attack. There was nowhere to hide!

Recovering 3,000 Health Points, although it was equivalent to half a life, it was useless. When the icicle fell, he would still die!

As for flying, it should have been able to resolve the crisis, but it was limited by the map!

The height of the crystal palace could not exceed the range of the ice attack. Even if it reached the top, it would still be attacked by the ice.

Moreover, there were icicles above their heads. They could not break through this encirclement at all!

If the Spiritual Light Cloak was useless, what about the Spiritual Water Pearl?

That's right, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl was a treasure of the Water race. It should be able to!

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly scanned the attributes of the Water Vein Spirit Bead once more.

However, he was disappointed once again!

It was useless!

It was still useless!

"Oh right, there are still skills!"

After the despair came hope.

The Skywolf increased its attack. No!

Ice Skin, defense, but magic defense only had a few dozen points. Double was useless. No!

Super Dimension, pure magic type enhancement, was not even as useful to a warrior. It was even more wrong!

Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leap, Leopard Leopard Leap Leopard Leopard Leopard Leopard Leap, Leopard Leopard Leopard Leap Leap Leopard Leopard Leap Leopard Leopard Leopard Leap Leopard Leopard Leap Leopard Leap Leap Leap Leopard Leap Leopard Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap Leap

Eh!

Wait!

Earth Escape?

Qin Qin Sheng had a flash of inspiration as if he had caught onto something!

He quickly opened the skill column and focused his attention—

[Space Jump] consumed 100 Mana Points to travel through space, lock onto a space node, and jump to a place that he had been to before (Special place cannot jump). Cooldown: 1 hour!

This is it!

There was always a way out!

"Human brat, you should feel honored that I have personally prepared this magnificent funeral for you!"

At this moment, Empress Naga, who had finished condensing her magic power, spoke coldly. Her eyes were indifferent as she looked at Qin Sheng, who was surrounded by countless icicles, as if she was looking at a butterfly that had fallen into a spider's web.

"Die!"

With a wave of her white hand, the thousand icicles that had been waiting for a long time shot out like bullets towards Qin Sheng.

"What a pity!"

Qin Luo Sheng stood on the spot with an indifferent expression. He took a glance at Empress Naga and sighed helplessly. He thought to himself, "It's a pity that the space jump can only go to places that I've been to before. If not for this restriction, I could have flashed to Empress Naga's side instead of running away!"

"Spatial Jump!"

Regret was regret in his heart, but Qin Luo's body was honest. His mind was focused on his peak, and his movements were swift to the extreme.

The moment Empress Naga launched her attack, she instantly activated Spatial Jump. Her body was surrounded by a special energy pulse, and she directly disappeared from the spot!

Boom…

Boom…

Boom…

The terrifying icicles were not the only attribute. After Qin Luo Sheng disappeared, they continued to bombard the place where Qin Luo Sheng was originally standing. When they hit the ground, there was a loud boom, like a small-scale cannonball.

"F*ck!"

Qin Sheng, who had used a spatial jump to avoid this fatal danger, quietly hid in a blind spot in the crystal palace that was beyond the reach of the icicle. When he saw that a huge crater had been blasted out where he had been standing, his face immediately turned green.

It was hard to imagine what would have happened if he had not escaped.

Ten thousand arrows pierced through his heart, or was there not even a corpse left, or was he directly blasted into bloody foam, not even a piece of good flesh left?

“As expected of an ancient great clan, a water supreme being. Their foundation is truly deep.”

Qin Qin Sheng exclaimed once again.

"Even though I have never seen other Gold Bosses, the Naga Empress is worthy of being the Queen of the Naga Race. She is truly terrifying."

"Such a map attack is not something that the players can defend against. No matter how many people come, as long as they step into the encirclement, they will all be killed."

"Even with my super-god talent, Numinous Treasure, and Epic equipment, it's still not enough. If I hadn't obtained the bug ability Space Jump by chance, I would probably have returned to the Beginner's Village for free."

"Indeed, I'm still a little arrogant!"

Qin Luo Sheng was completely awakened by Empress Naga's attack!

Ever since he obtained the talent of the Lord of the Stars, killing BOSSes and clearing the trials, he had always been successful. Unknowingly, even he did not realize that his mentality had undergone a huge change.

The most direct observation was the battle of Luo He!

Based on his past self, it was impossible for him to offend Young Master Lei Kuang, who had an unimaginably huge faction in reality. It was even more impossible for him to kill Young Master Lei and be so cruel!

“But so what?”

"So what if it swells?"

"I have the Lord of the Stars, a super BUG talent that can be upgraded infinitely. Can't I be arrogant?"

"Perhaps in reality, I'm still a loser. But in this world of fate, who can do anything to me?"

"Young Master Thunder is no good!"

"Empress Naga… can't either!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved and charged towards Empress Naga once again.

The thousand icicles had already dissipated, only to be replaced with a huge pit on the magnificent crystal floor!

As for the culprit of such destruction, due to the depletion of magic power, his aura was already in chaos. It was obvious that he had consumed a lot of magic power.

If they did not fight now, when would they?

"Impossible!"

Empress Naga's upright body bent a little. Just as she was about to rest and recover, a figure suddenly appeared and made her straighten her body again. Her eyes were filled with disbelief.

“How could you not be dead?!!”

Empress Naga could not believe her eyes.

She was well aware of the power of that move just now, and the attack range covered almost the entire Crystal Palace.

With a single move, even the special crystal floor that was made with secret arts was shattered, creating a huge crater. How could an ant-like human be unharmed?

No!

He must have used some method to dodge the attack!

Empress Naga instantly understood what was going on!

But so what?

The sure-kill attack that consumed most of her magic power had failed. She was unable to use her magic power for a short period of time. Furthermore, the worst thing was that she was still a little short of breaking the seal. It was precisely this little bit that made her completely fall into a passive state.

Without breaking the seal, one could not leave the throne!

And that human, who was obviously not an ordinary person, was rushing towards her!

No matter how conceited she was, she would not ignore the fact that she was a weak mage. Once that evil brat got close to her, the consequences would be unpredictable.

"Damn it!"

The Naga Empress gritted her teeth so hard that they almost shattered. Her face was filled with unwillingness!

Just a second ago, she was still confident of victory. She was high up in the air and in control of the entire situation!

And now, for some reason, it was actually her turn to fall into a desperate situation!

The hunter had become the prey!

The prey had become the hunter!

Attack, defend, change position in an instant!