Chapter 44: Power That Defies The Heavens, Perfect Promotion (3)

“You’ve already persisted to this point, could it be that you’re going to give up now?”

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth in extreme unwillingness.

The anger and battle intent in his heart surged.

He had fulfilled the conditions required to trigger the Undying Battle Intent!

However, the Undying Battle Intent was also powerless to reverse the situation. The amplification effect could not allow him to kill the Naga Empress within a short period of time, especially before her attack was formed!

"There must be a way!"

Qin Luo searched frantically.

Skills, backpacks, equipment…

No!

No!

Still no!

He felt despair!

"No, there's still hope!"

Suddenly, Qin Sheng thought of something and looked at the Talent column. SSS Super God Talent, Master of Stars.

[Lord of the Stars (SSS super-god talent) LV3] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX, every level up will grant you three times the amount of free attribute points, Health Points + 4000, Mana Points + 4000, Attack + 60%, Critical Hit Rate + 30%, Dodge Rate + 30%, Speed + 30%.

[Active Effect] 1—Starlight Miracle: The light of the stars has the miraculous power of sublimation. 2—Starlight Backtrack: The light of the stars has the power of time reversal. 3—Starlight Blessing: The blessings of the stars have the power of perfection and sublimation!

Qin Sheng had directly ignored the first part!

His gaze was focused on Starlight Reversal and Starlight Blessing!

The energy of the water element became more turbulent, and Empress Naga's chanting became more hurried!

An unimaginable terrifying killer move was about to be formed!

He was about to face death, or even the destruction of his corpse!

Right now, his only hope was the Lords of the Stars, the two new abilities that he had yet to figure out!

"We're depending on you all!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, his eyes burning like flames.

"Whether I live or die, I'll take this gamble!"

Taking out the Spiritual Water Pearl, he gritted his teeth and activated his skill.

"Starlight Blessing!"

Starlight flickered and sparkled.

Ding… Please select sublimation target! '

Promotion target?

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned.

Hadn’t the target already been determined?

Could it be?

Previously, he had used the Starlight Miracle, but it was useless against the Spiritual Water Pearl. The reason given by the system was that the power of the Starlight was insufficient and could not be upgraded.

Perhaps it was just a talent that had advanced twice. The energy it contained was not enough to affect the existence of Numinous Treasures.

Did he fail again?

Qin Luo's heart instantly hit rock bottom!

Wait!

No!

Just as he was in despair, Qin Sheng felt that something was wrong.

It seemed that the system prompt was—Please choose the sublimation target!

In other words, it was effective?

The Starlight Blessing was different from the Starlight Miracle!

The starlight miracle was aimed at a single entity. For example, the entire Water Vein Spirit Pearl was sublimated!

As for the Starlight Blessing, it was only a sublimation of one of the abilities of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, an extreme sublimation!

There was hope!

A joyous smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face!

He quickly opened the attributes panel of the Spiritual Water Pearl—

[Spiritual Water Pearl]

Type: Spiritual Treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect: Strength + 30, Constitution + 30, Agility + 30, Spirit + 30

Special Effect: [Water Spirit] possesses the Water Spiritual Pearl, affinity with the water element, increases water damage by 50%, increases water resistance by 20%, and also knows water properties. It can move freely underwater without obstruction, does not reduce abilities, ignores water pressure, and can easily control water veins!

Additional Skill: Water Pulse Attack, consumes 1,000 Mana Points, manipulates the water element to form a whirlpool of water, creating a violent water pressure attack on enemies within a 10x10 radius, causing 200% strength damage, fixed additional 500 points of water damage, dealing an additional 50% damage to fire-type creatures. There is a certain chance of causing serious injury, cutting, freezing effect, lasts for 15 seconds, cooldown time is 30 minutes! (Depending on the number and quality of water element, the effect will increase)

Introduction: A water-type Numinous treasure condensed from the spiritual energy of the four seawater meridians. It is extremely precious and is a supreme treasure in the eyes of water elementalists. It is said that this treasure is only controlled by the royal family of ancient waters and is passed down from generation to generation. Only the king can possess it. With it, one can easily control the water meridians and become the god of water.

"I choose to sublimate [Water Spirit]!"

Without hesitation, Qin Sheng chose the special effects [Water Spirit]!

"The choice is invalid!"

Failed?

The smile on Qin Luo's face froze instantly.

How was that possible?

No matter how you look at it, your understanding should not be wrong!

What went wrong?

Could it be…

Qin Luo swept over once more!

[Water Spirit] held the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, affinity with the water element, increasing 50% water damage, increasing 20% water resistance, and also understanding the water attribute. It could move freely underwater without any hindrance, without reducing abilities, ignoring water pressure, and could even control water veins!

"Affinity with water element! Increase water damage! Increase water resistance! Proficiency with water! Move freely! No reduction in abilities! Ignore water pressure! Control water veins!"

Qin Luo mumbled to himself.

1, 2, 3… 7, 8!

The special effect [Water Spirit] had a total of eight effects!

Starlight Blessing, perfect sublimation, ultimate power!

Could it be that it was not used for [Special Effect] or [Additional Skill], but for a more detailed differentiation of one ability?

"Ant, die!"

At this moment, Empress Naga's attack took shape. Following her furious roar, the energy cloud above her head exploded, instantly splitting into countless thumb-sized water droplets that rained down like rain.

“The magnificent water burial is the most magnificent funeral of the Water race. It is also the greatest gift that I have given you! Under the violent water elements, turn into ashes. Hahaha…”

There was no time!

Qin Luo Sheng's brows twitched. He had given up on experimenting with [Starlight Reversal] and placed all his hopes on it!

If he did not succeed, he would die trying!

Come on!

"Promotion—Water Resistance!"

A loud roar!

Ding… Starlight Blessing activated. Target: Water Spiritual Pearl, Water Spirit, Water Resistance!

Ding… your water resistance has increased to 100%. Duration: 30 seconds! '

Success!

"What a close call!"

The moment the starlight entered the Spiritual Water Pearl, the water element had already landed on top of his head. The time difference was definitely not more than a second.

However, it was this one second difference that decided the future!

"I won!"

Qin Luo smiled as he looked at the water elements that had landed on the crystal floor around him. They were shaped like small cannonballs, blasting out a small crater with each blast. However, when they landed on his body, they were like ordinary rainwater, completely unaffected.

"Hahahahaha… As expected of an ability on par with the Starlight Miracle. This perfected and sublimated power is also so heaven-defying!"

The faint smile soon turned into a wild laughter. Qin Luo turned over and walked forward slowly, sweeping away the haze. He walked towards the enchanted Empress Naga with the posture of a victor.

It had no effect at all!

No harm!

Why?

Because of that 100% water resistance!

100% water resistance = water immunity!

What did water-type immunity mean?

It was as if all magic attacks related to water were completely ineffective!

Under such an effect, the Naga Empress, who was a water mage, had completely lost the ability to fight against him!

Not to mention that his magic power was exhausted, even if Empress Naga was at her peak state and even raised her rank to the Mythical stage, raising her rank to the max level of 100, she would not be able to hurt him at all.

This was the effect of immunity!

No solution!

He walked up the steps and approached the throne!

Qin Luo Sheng looked down at the Naga Empress, who was as limp as mud. She was weak, helpless, desperate, and unwilling. How different was she from her domineering and arrogant attitude from before?!

[Probing Skill]!

[Naga Empress (Gold Boss)]

Level: Level 10

Health Points: 1

Attack: 1

Defense: 1

Speed: 1

Skills: 1

Introduction: The queen of the Naga Race. Extraordinary talent. She inherited the bloodline of the ancient Naga royal family and possesses a mysterious and powerful bloodline power and racial mystical abilities. After the battle between the gods and devils, she led her withered race out of the world to hide. Her whereabouts are unknown.

[Current Status: Extreme Weakness]

"Who are you?"

This was the fourth time Empress Naga had asked this question.

However, Qin Sheng still had the same answer—

"I'm just an ordinary human!"

Queen Naga’s lips parted, but she didn’t make a sound. She laughed at herself and struggled to her feet. She leaned back against the throne and closed her eyes silently.

She was beautiful and elegant!

She was still the Naga Empress!

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes moved imperceptibly. He said softly and raised the [Bloodthirst] in his hand!

The only thing he could do to the supreme ruler of this race, the stunning empress, and the expert who still retained the bearing of an emperor even in the face of death was to send her on her way as the victor and give her a dignified death!

This was respect!

It was also mercy!