Chapter 43: Power That Defies The Heavens, Perfect Promotion (2)

"We're really screwed this time!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were lifeless as a bitter smile hung on his lips.

His hand was already lowered, and the [Bloodthirst] in his hand seemed to have dimmed due to the change in his master's mental state!

The will to fight had not been completely extinguished!

But so what?

The cruel reality gave Qin Luo a blow to the head!

In the face of absolute strength, the so-called wisdom, the so-called schemes, the so-called will, were so insignificant, so useless!

Qin Luo Sheng had an unwillingness that could not be drowned even if he poured all the water in his body. However, under the powerful pressure of Empress Naga, it was difficult for him to even move his body, let alone fight.

"As expected, the difference is still too great!"

Qin Sheng was not afraid of a Gold Boss.

However, Empress Naga's strength was clearly different from the information given by [Detection]. She could not be viewed as an ordinary person.

On the surface, it was a Gold-tier BOSS, but its hidden strength was much stronger. It was not something a weakling like him could deal with.

"Is this the end?"

His pitch-black pupils were now filled with brilliant light, the light of death reflected by countless magic water balls.

"What a pity!"

"The mechanism has been calculated!"

"In the end, he is still too weak!"

She opened her arms and closed her eyes.

Qin Luo Sheng was ready to welcome death!

He was not afraid!

Perhaps this failure was not entirely a bad thing.

At the very least, it allowed him to recognize his own self. His ego was inflated and he had to restrain himself.

A frog at the bottom of a well, no matter how powerful it was, it could only dominate in the well. It never knew how vast the world outside the well was.

Empress Naga had taught them a good lesson!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The ferocious magical water balls came, bombarding Qin Sheng one after another.

“Yeah?”

The pain he had imagined did not appear. When Qin Sheng opened his eyes, he realized that he was still in the crystal palace and not the novice village in his subconsciousness. He was dumbfounded.

He turned to look at Empress Naga, only to discover that the cold and arrogant empress was no longer as calm as before. Instead, her face was filled with shock and disbelief.

There was a turning point?

Qin Luo Sheng's body and mind shook. The fire of his will that had never been extinguished in the first place was instantly ignited.

He opened the battle log—

"Ding… You have received the impact of the weak water whirlpool. Due to the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the damage is 0!"

"Ding… You have received the impact of the weak water whirlpool. Due to the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the damage is 0!"

"Ding… You have received the impact of the weak water whirlpool. Due to the effect of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the damage is 0!"

"…"

Countless battle logs flooded the screen!

"Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng burst out laughing.

"There's really no way out!"

Never would he have thought that Empress Naga's secret technique, the powerful Weak Water Whirlpool Ball, would actually have water pressure as its attack power. And the Water Vein Spirit Pearl just happened to have an effect of ignoring water pressure!

“Water… Pulse… Spiritual… Pearl!”

The knowledgeable Empress Naga instantly thought of the crux of the matter. She gritted her teeth and said hatefully.

She was about to go crazy!

Twice!

It had already happened twice!

A human ant that could be easily killed with a wave of her hand was now able to escape from her killing traps twice in a row.

"Who exactly are you?"

This was the third time she had asked this question. Every time she asked, her state of mind would change greatly. "You have the Water Vein Spirit Pearl! You must be in cahoots with those traitors!"

Qin Sheng:…

Empress, you're really thinking too much!

“No wonder you were betrayed by your clansmen. With your intelligence, you are extremely imaginative and suspicious. Who can be at ease when working under you?

"As expected! Betrayers who deserve death!"

The Naga Empress roared.

She took Qin Qin Sheng's silence as consent.

Hence, she was even more furious!

In the past, she had thought that Qin Luo Sheng was an assassin sent by the despicable people of the Naga Race in secret. Later on, she had found out that it was a misunderstanding. After that, she had thought that Qin Luo Sheng was a dirty thief who had come to the ancestral grounds of the Naga Race to steal the treasure. Now, she realized that she had misunderstood again…

It turned out that this damned ant was actually a scum that colluded with the traitors of the Naga Race!

She was furious!

As the emperor of the Naga Race, she hated the humans who had schemed against the flourishing Naga Race and turned them into two or three big cats!

However, the Human Race and the Naga Race were two different races. It was normal for the Human Race to plot against them!

This was hatred!

However, as a member of the Naga Race, her clansmen betrayed her, betrayed her, the emperor, and even sealed her!

This was resentment!

"I—am unwilling!"

Empress Naga's mental state had completely collapsed. Her extreme hatred caused her eyes to instantly turn blood red!

At the same time, a majestic magic power that frightened Qin Sheng spread out from Empress Naga's body once again.

It was not an invisible pressure, but a visible magic factor.

Countless water elements gathered under the summoning of the Naga Empress and condensed into a magical cloud above her head, containing terrifying destructive power.

"Human, I want you to know the price of colluding with traitors!"

Empress Naga was completely enraged.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo's face turned completely green.

Damn it!

He had just used his ultimate move. How long had it been? He hadn’t even fought back, and here you are again?

"This time, it's probably really GG!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt helpless as he looked at the Naga Empress, who no longer had the bearing of a king and had even lost her rationality. She was like a wild beast.

With the previous two lessons, Empress Naga did not give him any chance at all!

Terrifying energy clouds had already spread throughout the entire crystal palace, covering every corner.

This was a true map attack with no blind spots!

As long as they were still in the crystal palace, they would be attacked regardless of where they were!

Not only that, the attack of the pure water element was no longer the water pressure of the Water Vortex Ball. Instead, it was a direct hit with magic power. It was no longer possible to rely on the Water Vein Spirit Pearl for tricks.

There were only two paths before Qin Sheng!

First, take it head on!

Unfortunately, with his body, he had less than half a hundred magical defense. How could he resist?

Second, escape!

However, now that he was at the edge of the throne, he was too far away from the crystal palace's entrance. He had already used Leopard Rush and Swimming Snake Steps, so it was impossible for him to leave the crystal palace before the attack landed.

As for space jumps that could break space, the cooldown time was as long as one hour. There was no use!

There was no way out!