Chapter 42: Power That Defies The Heavens, Perfect Promotion (1)

"Who exactly are you?"

No matter how proud she was, Empress Naga had no choice but to take Qin Sheng seriously at this moment. This human who had previously been like an ant in her eyes.

Or rather, she had already retracted her contemptuous gaze when Qin Luo Sheng escaped from the Absolute Kill Array.

However, it was too late!

One mistake led to another!

The outcome was already decided when Empress Naga's arrogant heart rose.

A mage who was being sealed and had depleted too much of his mana, and even had his mana in disorder, was being approached by a berserk warrior. One could imagine the outcome.

"Who am I?"

Qin Sheng, who was frantically attacking Qin Luo, was dumbfounded. His hands did not stop, but he still answered, "Just an ordinary human!"

Ordinary humans. Yes, there was nothing wrong with that!

"Do you think that I am so easily deceived after being sealed for so long?"

There was a look of disbelief on Empress Naga's face!

Qin Sheng:…

"Believe it or not!"

Qin Luo threw out a sentence angrily. He did not reply and continued to attack.

The Heavenly Wolf's time limit was very short. He definitely could not waste it!

Based on the current situation, with an absolute Critical Hit, a normal attack would have about 2,500 points of damage. There was still 20 seconds left. Under the premise of an effective attack every 1 second, it was enough to kill the Naga Queen who only had 30,000 health points left!

But Qin Sheng had no confidence!

The Naga Queen was a Gold Boss after all, and a hidden one at that. How could the Queen of the ancient Naga Race be killed so easily?

At the end of the day, it was all because this guy was too arrogant. Otherwise, how could a rookie like him, who hadn't even left the beginner village, face the high and mighty empress and attack her at such a close distance?!

-2604!

-2,588!

-2562!

-2556!

…

Continuous damage numbers floated above Empress Naga's head. Under Qin Sheng's relentless attacks, the long health bar dropped bit by bit.

Soon, the Naga Queen's health points dropped to 10,000!

Qin Luo Sheng's hands were still not slow, but alarm bells were ringing in his heart!

The reason why Bosses were Bosses was not only because their attributes were higher than normal monsters, but also because they had the explosive power that players feared!

What was the greatest characteristic of players?

Xiao Qiang!

That's right, he was like a cockroach!

Various classes formed teams. There were tank, DPS, healers, restrictions, and precise coordination. There was no need to talk about these. It was a basic operation.

However, compared to Bosses, the scariest thing about players was not their numbers, but their shameless group fights, but—they could never be killed!

If the Boss died, then it would really be dead. Even if it was refreshed again, the data would be different. It would no longer be the Boss from before, especially some Bosses. For example, hidden Bosses like the Naga Empress had a Uniqueness. If she died, she would completely die. There would not even be a refresh.

Where were the players?

Dead?

No worries, I can be reborn!

‘ It’s a matter of dropping a level. Give me some time. I’ll be a good man again when I level up.’

How could they play this?

There was no solution!

Facing such a cockroach that could regenerate infinitely and grow infinitely and equip itself infinitely, no matter how invincible a BOSS was, they could only obediently lay down their weapons and die!

However…

Players had their own characteristics, but so did BOSSes!

Explosive force!

Powerful and terrifying explosive power!

This was the most terrifying method of a BOSS. It was also the reason why players feared BOSS like tigers!

Ordinary monsters, no matter how impressive their attributes were, were destined to be cut up by players and become experience points for leveling up because no matter how strong they were, they could not be a match for players who had unlimited recovery.

The BOSS was different!

A cockroach that did not die was not truly immortal, but had a tenacious vitality!

If a player did not die, it was not true that they would not die, but they would not die completely. However, if they died once, they would pay a huge price. Losing a level was only the most basic punishment. Other than that, there would also be the punishment of randomly dropping equipment and items in their backpacks.

This was incredible!

One could use time to level up and train back!

But what about equipment and props?

That would depend on luck!

Normal monsters had a low drop rate. If you wanted to level up and obtain equipment at the same time, you could only dream about it unless you were a hanging wall or a Destiny's Child. The sooner you washed up and slept, the sooner you could dream.

The main source of the equipment was naturally the Boss!

In order to kill the Boss and drop equipment, one would need to be extremely strong!

However, strength came from equipment!

This was a vicious cycle!

The severe death penalty caused players to not dare to provoke the Boss easily. Even though they knew that the Boss had great treasures, once they successfully killed it, if they were lucky, they could even become rich overnight and live a carefree life!

It was fine for players with paywalls. After all, they had money and could buy equipment!

What about normal players?

Even if they encountered a BOSS, they would have to think twice!

The Boss had extremely thick health points, super high attack power, super high defense power, and so on. All these were nothing!

To the players, as long as the Shield Specialists could withstand it, as long as the Priests won, as long as there were enough potions, no matter how thick their health points were, they would be worn to death!

This was equivalent to cheating!

However, the BOSS had a mechanism that allowed him to completely subdue this shameless method!

Explosion!

Unparalleled explosive power!

At that time, the Boss would have the ability to instantly kill the players. Without giving them any chance to recover, he would directly destroy the players' greatest advantage!

Besides…

When the Boss' health points decreased to 20%, it would trigger this explosive mechanism!

It could either be Enraged Mode, for example, increase in Attack Power, Defense, Speed, Health Points, etc. With the Boss' super high basic attributes, once the Boss' attributes increased, it would be like a nightmare to players!

It could either evolve, for example, from a Bronze Boss to a Silver Boss. The increase in grade would bring about an increase in all attributes. It was simply despairing!

It could either mutate, such as blackening. As the saying went, blackening was ten times stronger, and whitewashing was three times weaker. This was not just a saying!

There were also ways to awaken bloodlines, transform, and so on and so forth!

This was what Qin Sheng was facing now.

The Naga Queen's health bar had been reduced to 20%!

Carefully, he prayed.

Unfortunately, the Goddess of Fate did not seem to have heard his prayers!

Empress Naga, who had been paralyzed on the throne due to the disorder of her magic power, suddenly stood up. Her cold eyes were filled with extreme killing intent as they locked onto him.

"I have to say, you're not bad! You're the first person to force me to this extent!"

The Naga Empress's cold tone was like an ice blade that ruthlessly cut Qin Luo's heart, causing his body and mind to turn cold.

“You ought to feel fortunate! I’ve nurtured this strike for many years, and it was originally prepared for those despicable traitors. Now, I’ll bestow it upon you!”

The Naga Empress stood up, and her human-like body silently transformed into the true form of the Naga Race, the six-armed fishtail.

"Naga Secret Technique—Weak Water Swirl!"

A terrifying magical power arose, and an indescribable pressure was emitted from Empress Naga's body. Qin Sheng, who was the first to bear the brunt of it, instantly felt a weight on his entire body, as if he was being pressed down by a huge mountain. His movements were as slow as a snail.

"Annihilate!"

As the Naga Empress gave a cold shout that was like the might of the heavens, those high spinning energy water balls filled with destructive aura rushed towards Qin Sheng like wild horses that had escaped their reins.

Brilliant and magnificent!

But it carried an endless aura of death!