Chapter 46: Exposed?

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to the novice village!

"Look, it's that mysterious warrior!"

"Damn, Big Brother, I'm your long-lost brother!"

"Boss, please guide me. I am a professional lackey. I will not let you down!"

"Brother, do you want to make a date? You can show yourself!"

"Choose me, brother, choose me! My little sister is 18 years old this year. She has fair skin and a beautiful face. She has a master's degree in XX University. She has big breasts, big hips, and long legs. She's living well and doesn't cling to anyone. You can come to her door!"

"Brother, are you interested in selling your equipment? You'll be satisfied with the price!"

"…"

There were many people at the resurrection point in the Beginner's Village!

The moment Qin Luo Sheng walked out, he was immediately surrounded.

???

What was going on?

Qin Luo was dumbfounded!

He looked down!

That's right!

The lights on the equipment had already been turned off. It looked ordinary and did not attract any attention.

Could it be because of the entire set of equipment?

That's not right!

At this stage, there should be quite a number of players who had gathered the entire set of equipment. Furthermore, most of the people who had gathered here had an entire set. This was definitely not the reason.

"Could it be that the ID 'Weeping Soul' has been exposed?"

Qin Luo's heart tightened.

Even though he was very high-profile on world television and never hid his ID, he was usually as low-key as possible.

It was not that he was afraid of anything. It was just that once he was exposed, he would inevitably attract a lot of trouble. This was not a good thing.

"Brother Weihun, where are you?"

At this moment, Yatu sent an urgent message.

"I'm surrounded at the resurrection point!"

Qin Luo replied helplessly.

"Haha!"

Yatu laughed loudly. "You really have a big heart!"

"What do you mean?"

Qin Luo asked curiously.

"Brother Weihun, have you forgotten about the battle at Luo He yesterday?"

Yatu said, "The battle video between you and the Thunder Guild has already caused an uproar, and the popularity is off the charts. Now, who doesn't know that a fierce person has appeared in our novice village? He doesn't even put the Thunder Guild in his eyes, and his strength is extremely abnormal. Many people are guessing whether you are a Weeping Soul Beast or not!"

Qin Qin Sheng broke out in cold sweat!

I see!

So there was a problem with this segment!

This was a pain in the ass!

The Thunder Guild was not some random dog or cat that could trample over their existence. Its strength was self-evident.

Coincidentally, the ID Weeping Soul Beast had been trending all over the world recently, showing its face frequently.

When the two were combined, many people would guess that he was Weeping Soul Beast.

Needless to say, this newbie village was definitely filled with spies from countless forces. Even if there were no members, they would definitely bribe the unaffiliated players to become informants.

"What kind of sin did I commit!"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to cry but had no tears!

When he thought about how he would be constantly watched by others in this beginner village, he couldn't help but feel a chill.

Fortunately!

Now that he was level 10, he could leave this place at any time and head to the city. He could truly leave the beginner stage and start traveling!

"Wait a while more!"

"Go and trade with Yatu now!"

"After obtaining the wolf eye, go and trade with Wu Lin!"

"As long as I get those powerful tools, I'll immediately complete the mission and the trial in the abyss!"

"Two things. I'll try to settle everything today!"

As Qin Luo was thinking, he pushed through the crowd and ran away quickly.

Fortunately, the real scouts were basically waiting at the entrance of the village. They did not expect that at this stage, he would be so extravagant as to use a return scroll. This was a consumable that cost 1 gold coin per scroll. With this money, wouldn't it be nice to buy potions?

He ran all the way!

From afar, Qin Sheng saw Ya Tu and the others standing beside the appraiser.

Mu Mu and Qing Si were also there!

These two girls were too eye-catching. It was hard not to notice them!

"Haha, I didn't expect you to be in such a sorry state!"

Mu Mu was always the first to speak.

Qin Sheng:…

Seeing the commotion among the players, he knew that his identity had been exposed.

In order to avoid being surrounded by the resurrection point, Qin Sheng did not waste his breath. He took out all the equipment and items that Empress Naga had dropped and handed them to the appraiser.

"Ah, Weeping Soul Warrior, these equipment!"

The appraiser was astonished. "It seems to be a treasure of the Naga Race. Could it be…"

"Yes, I just went to the bottom of the Luo River!"

Qin Luo Sheng said somewhat anxiously, "Master, please hurry up. I still have some urgent matters to attend to at the temple!"

"Alright!" Upon hearing the Divine Temple, the appraiser immediately put on a serious expression and said, "These items are all high-grade items. I'll give you a 20% discount. Wipe out all the leftovers. It'll cost a total of 12 gold coins!"

Shit?

12 gold!

Qin Qin Sheng almost swore!

After working so hard for so long, he only had less than ten gold coins!

If it weren't for the fact that Empress Naga had just contributed a little, he wouldn't even be able to afford the appraisal fee.

Even so, he only had slightly more than 12 gold on him.

Qin Luo Sheng wondered if this appraiser's eyes could see through players' money. Otherwise, how could this guy give such an accurate price?

This was 12 gold!

Even if he bought it, he would be able to buy one. It was definitely top tier Silver equipment, right?

But now, it was only the cost of appraising equipment?

F*ck!

This was too extravagant!

What did the current 12 Gold mean?

For ordinary solo players, having one gold was already considered a huge sum!

Only those big guilds and big businessmen who relied on their subordinates' contributions or the high price of RMB could possibly surpass this number.

"Yes!"

He looked around at the restless players around him, especially when he saw that not far away, many people were rushing over. Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and decisively chose to pay.

With the gold coin in hand, the appraiser immediately put on a bright smile. With a wave of his hand, the obscure and dull equipment instantly emitted various colors of light!

Fortunately, Qin Sheng chose to block it!

Under the shielding mode, the other players could only see him appraising equipment. As for what he was appraising, because they could not see the color light, they did not know what grade it was. Otherwise, they would probably be agitated by the colorful light.

"You get what you pay for. You're right!"

Although he did not see the attributes of the equipment, he saw the shining brilliance clearly. Qin Sheng was delighted and immediately felt much better after being stabbed.

"Come with me!"

Qin Qin Sheng said in a low voice and took the lead to start running.

Ya Tu and the others were stunned, and then they followed him.

Ding… Player Weeping Soul invited you to join the team. Do you agree? '

Qin Sheng sent a message as he ran.

Ya Tu, who was in a team, disbanded the team without hesitation and accepted Qin Sheng's team invitation.

Ding… Yatu joins the team! '

Ding… Azuresilk joins the team! '

Ding… Mu Mu joins the team! '

Ding… Feng Xing joins the team! '

The five-man team was instantly formed!

"Brother Weihun, where are we going?"

Yatu looked at the army of players behind them with fear, and his head hurt.

Fortunately, the Beginner's Village was a safe zone and they could not PK. Otherwise, this group of people could drown them with their saliva.

However, it was precisely because the novice village was unable to PK that it would be difficult to break out of the encirclement once these fellows surrounded them. Yet they were being led by Qin Sheng into an alley. Wasn't this courting death?

A few minutes later—

"We're here, come in quickly!"