Chapter 49: One Step Higher On The Path, One Step Higher On The Devil'S Path (2)

Phantom ribbon?

You want an Illusionary Spirit ribbon worth 80,000?

Why don't you go to heaven?

Everyone present, including Wu Lin, was stunned by Qin Sheng's showy handling!

"Oh!"

Wu Lin was so angry that he laughed. "You want my Illusionary Spirit ribbon? No way! No way!"

Tsk!

The moment he opened his mouth, he knew that Wu Lin was an old man!

“You little brat, you can’t even fork out a single gold coin, yet you dare to covet my treasure? Do you really think your Grandpa Wu is a charity organization? Or do you think that you can bully an old man like me just because you have some friendship with that old man Wang?”

Qin Qin Sheng took a step back without a trace, avoiding the saliva that was like a bullet aimed at his face!

"Of course not!"

“I am indebted to your great kindness. If you were to give me this opportunity, how could I not appreciate your kindness?”

"When it comes to business, let's not talk about friendship. These are two separate matters!"

“Since I’ve spoken, I will naturally give you the price you’ve marked. I won’t make things difficult for you, nor will I embarrass Elder Wang!”

Wu Lin's mouth-shaped machine gun stopped, and his bark-like face twitched. He looked at Qin Sheng, who had a serious expression, and said without amusement, "Oh, I'd like to see what capital you have to buy my Illusionary Spirit ribbon!"

"— Don't say that I'm not giving old man Wang face. Today, I'll make an exception and give you an hour to gather the money!"

“Remember, you only have one chance.”

“Your daddy is going to enter closed-door training soon. I won’t be coming out of closed-door training for a short period of time. After I come out of closed-door training, you brat, will definitely have left this village long ago. It will be impossible for us to meet again in this lifetime.”

"In other words, this is your last chance. If you want my treasure, come and buy it. As long as you have enough money or wolf eyes, you can take all my treasures."

Last chance?

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath!

Fortunately, there was still an hour!

"Brother Yatu!"

Without any unnecessary words, the intelligent Yatu naturally understood in a second.

With a flash of white light, Yatu went offline!

After two minutes, he went online again!

"I've already ordered the pavilion to purchase the wolf's eye."

Yatu said solemnly, "All the members of the Elegance Room will temporarily put down what they are doing and go for the eyes of the wolves!”

"Thank you!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded. "When the time comes, these things will be shared with the pavilion!"

Qin Sheng would not be stingy with his efforts!

These were all treasures. At the very least, they were things that would never appear in the hands of players!

If possible, Qin Sheng wanted to monopolize it.

But that is not wise.

After all, it was the Elegance Room that was collecting wolf eyes. He did not have the capital nor the time.

It was very likely that they would lose everything if they worked together!

"Brother Weeping Soul, my game time is about to end. Later, Fengxing will hand over to you."

Yatu said, "After I log off, I'll personally command the pavilion and do my best to collect the wolf eyes. I'll leave the rest to you!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in understanding.

"Come, let's trade. I've already collected eight million wolf eyes. I'll hand them to you first!"

"OK!"

However—

"Ding, please note that your backpack is full!"

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly speechless!

How much was that?

Less than 200,000 yuan and there was no space in the backpack?

Initially, there were 100 wolf eyes in a group, which took up one backpack slot. The player's initial backpack space was 50 cubicles, and it could only hold 5,000 wolf eyes at most!

After the system update, trash materials like Wolf Eyes and Barbarian Bull horns were basically useless. They could only be sold to the provision store to exchange for money. In exchange, they were upgraded. The original 100 pieces were increased by 100 times, becoming 10,000 pieces!

But this was still a drop in the bucket!

Even if Qin Luo's backpack was empty, it could only hold 50W + wolf eyes. It was too far away from 8 million!

"Master Wu, our backpack has limited space. Can we pay separately?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked carefully, afraid that Wu Lin would say "no". If that was the case, he would really be dumbfounded!

"Oh!"

Wu Lin obviously did not take such a small matter to heart, because he had first impressions and simply did not think that Qin Sheng could produce 80,000 gold coins or 8,000,000 wolf eyes. Therefore, he said without hesitation, "Sure! No problem! I want to see what tricks you can come up with!"

"Done!"

Qin Luo immediately beamed with happiness!

Arrogance would eventually pay the price!

The Naga Empress from before was like this!

The current Wu Lin was the same!

Perhaps from Wu Lin's experience, there was nothing wrong with what he had done!

However, he had underestimated Qin Sheng!

To be precise, he had underestimated the players!

Currently, players were indeed poor. Not to mention gold coins, even copper coins could be split into two!

He could not afford it, but there were plenty of people!

There were hundreds of millions of players in China. If they killed a wild wolf, its eyes would definitely explode. What was the output?

Putting everything else aside, just the fact that the system changed the original 100 pills into 10,000 pills per set was enough to show that!

Wu Lin actually dared to use 100 wolf eyes as one gold coin in exchange for purchasing power. If he had enough time, he would bankrupt Qin Luo Sheng and swear that from then on, his name would be Luo Qin.

Of course, perhaps the reason why Wu Lin was so sure of victory was another—

Qin Qin Sheng could not produce many wolf eyes in the limited time of an hour!

Unfortunately, the Dao was one foot tall, and the Devil was ten feet tall!

In the human world of the New Era, a great invention was born—online shopping!

Buying the world's goods without leaving the house!

Without moving a step, the goods came knocking on his door!

What made Wu Lin arrogant was his outlook!

Coincidentally, what bound Wu Lin was his vision!

This virtual world did not have online shopping in the real world, but it had a virtual trading platform!

Furthermore, this virtual trading platform was even more ruthless than online shopping!

After paying, the money was transferred in a second!

Take it out at any time and send it straight to the backpack!

How convenient!

"Ding! You are trading with Wu Lin!"

There were only 18 empty seats in the backpack!

Ding… transaction successful. You have lost 18W + Wolf Eyes! '

One transaction cost 1800 + Wolf Eyes!

"This…"

Wu Lin was stunned!

Wu Lin was stunned!

Wu Lin was dumbfounded!

What did he see?

He saw Qin Sheng trading 10,000 pairs of wolf eyes to him endlessly as if they were free.

He made a deal with him, and then he made a deal with a young man with a shield beside him, and then he made a deal with him…

Again and again!

Repeatedly!

"The transaction is successful!"

"The transaction is successful!"

"The transaction is successful!"

"…"

A total of 45 transactions!

Eight million wolf eyes were offered to him. Not one more, not one less!

Wu Lin's eyes were red as he looked at that damned brat in a daze. He took away the treasure passed down from his ancestors and even smiled at him like an aunt. Instantly, his blood pressure rose and he saw stars and almost fainted.

"I'm so silly, really!"

Wu Lin's face was constipated as he repeated the same sentence.

Yes, it was like Aunt Xianglin!

Qin Sheng did not have the time to bother about Wu Lin now that he had gotten his hands on the treasure. Moreover, Wu Lin was like a barrel that was about to explode. He did not dare to be unlucky. He still had to plunder the treasure from the other party. He absolutely could not offend him!

"Wow, it's so beautiful!" Mu Mu's face was filled with envy. She couldn't take her eyes off the Illusionary Spirit ribbon. "I want it too!"

Not to mention Mu Mu, even Qing Si, this ice mountain snow lotus with a transcendent temperament, had a strange light in her eyes. She clearly liked it!

The little Fengxing boy was struck!

The handsome guy from Yatu was no exception!

Indeed, the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon had seven colors, ethereal immortal Qi, glazed jade, and sparkled brightly. In addition to the illusory feeling brought about by the Spatial Origin Stone, its appearance could be given full marks!

Coupled with the terrifying enhancement and performance of this thing, even if a weakling were to wear it, it would instantly surpass an elite expert.

Beauty and strength were equally important. Who wouldn't like them?

"Cough cough!"

Sensing the fervor in their eyes, even Qin Luo could not take it, especially Mu Mu, who had a burning gaze that almost pierced through his heart. It was really hard to resist.

So—

He wore the Illusionary Spirit ribbon without hesitation!

Instantly, a beautiful seven-colored belt appeared on his empty waist. His aura instantly rose and his charm soared!

Awesome!

Awesome!

However…

It seemed like the matter was not over yet!

A few pairs of eyes looked down silently from their hands!

Qin Luo was speechless!

Even though he knew very well that the eyes of the two men, two women and four people were on his waist and on the Illusionary Spirit ribbon!

However, he kept feeling a chill at his crotch. It didn't feel good!

If it was only Qing Si and Mu Mu, then it would be fine, but now, there were two great men Feng Xing and Ya Tu!

Eh…

A chill ran down his spine!

Forget it, forget it. I can't afford to offend him!

"Cough cough…"

Qin Luo coughed twice again. Under the resentful gazes of several pairs of eyes, he bit the bullet and forced a smile. "I still have two pieces of equipment to look at. Shall we go together?"

After saying that, he did not care if the other players objected or agreed. He opened the sharing function and took out the remaining two Epic equipment—