Chapter 45: Innate Magical Power: Three-Colored Divine Light

Ding… you have successfully killed Gold Boss: Naga Empress. EXP gained: 100W, Reputation: 1000! '

Ding… you have leveled up. Health + 10, Mana + 10, Free Attribute Points + 15! '

"Ding… Congratulations on successfully reaching level 10. Please head to the village chief of Beginner Village and receive guidance!"

Hu…

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief!

Finally, it was over!

Looking at the lifeless Empress Naga, Qin Sheng picked up the dropped equipment and coins one by one, but he did not touch her corpse.

Level 10!

It was already the peak of the newbie village!

In other words, he had graduated!

However, it was still a little early to head to the city because there were still two things that had yet to be completed on Qin Sheng!

Special quest related to a hidden job or hidden skill, [Investigate Demonic Qi Source], as well as the beginner-level dungeon [Land of Trials] that only existed during the beginner stage!

The Nightmare Mode challenge in the Trial Grounds had succeeded, and the increase in attributes brought by it was extremely rich. No one could resist it. And the rewards for the final Abyssal Difficulty would definitely be even more incredible. No matter what, he had to clear it.

Before that—

"It should be coming soon, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng stood where he was and murmured. His eyes were filled with anticipation as if he was waiting for something.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Gold Boss: Queen Naga. As you are the first to kill Gold Boss alone, the system will announce it. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

It was here!

Qin Luo's face lit up as he gave the order without hesitation.

"Reveal your ID!"

Instantly—

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of level 10 Gold Boss Naga Queen. As the first player to kill a Gold Boss alone, he has received a reward: Random Equipment * 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book * 1, Reputation Points 1,000! Special announcement! '

Ding…

Ding…

Alright, I've been waiting for you!

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly opened his backpack. He did not even take a glance at the equipment and skill books that he had been rewarded with. Instead, he turned his gaze directly to the circular mark that was emitting a golden glow!

[Golden Mark] was a special item. It was a part of the Goddess of Fate's Forbidden Treasure. It would reward the first warrior to kill a Gold Boss alone!

That's right, this was it!

Qin Luo was all smiles!

The reason why he worked so hard was not because of the hidden quest or the equipment and skill book, but because of this item.

According to the introduction, only the first player to kill a grade boss would be able to appear on the World TV and receive system rewards.

This mark was the key to upgrading his talent. No matter what, he could not let others snatch it away!

Qin Sheng knew very well how heaven-defying the Master of the Stars was.

Putting everything else aside, just the battle with Empress Naga was enough.

If he had not used the bronze and silver imprints to upgrade his talent and obtained the Starlight Blessing, he would have died.

Every time the Lord of the Stars leveled up, not only would his basic attributes increase drastically, he would also awaken a heaven-defying BUG ability. This was the most important thing.

"Absorb!"

The golden mark instantly turned into powder. The energy contained within turned into a golden stream of light and entered the space between his eyebrows.

Familiar formula, familiar rhythm!

"Ding… Due to the influence of an unknown power, your talent has awakened further!"

NICE!

Qin Luo Sheng snapped his fingers excitedly. With a swipe of his hand, he was prepared to open the Talent Column to check what kind of surprise the next upgrade would bring him. However, the system's prompt followed right after—

Ding… congratulations on successfully gathering [Bronze Mark] [Silver Mark] [Golden Mark]. Collect the lower metal energy and awaken innate divine ability [Three-colored Divine Light]! '

Qin Luo Sheng: Σ (⊙ ▽ ⊙)

What the heck?!

What is this?

Was the system cheating?

Qin Luo Sheng's mind went blank. He had been knocked out by this sudden gift from the heavens!

When she came back to her senses, she took a few deep breaths to calm herself down.

Low-grade metal energy?

Awakening innate divine ability?

He knew the words, but he didn't understand what they meant.

However, between the lines, it seemed that he was still very impressive!

Good!

Although he didn't know what it was, how could it be bad to call it a divine power?

Furthermore, the mystique was known as the Three-colored Divine Light. It was easy to associate it with a certain big shot from a mythical novel, the first peacock in the world, whose mystique was the Five-colored Divine Light!

Could it really be?

No way?

Qin Luo Sheng's heart was beating rapidly. With a heart filled with apprehension, desire, and anticipation, he quietly opened the talent panel.

[Lord of the Stars (SSS super-god talent) Level 4] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX. Every level up will grant you four times more free attribute points, Health Points + 8000, Mana Points + 8000, Attack Power + 80%, Critical Strike Chance + 40%, Dodge Rate + 40%, Speed + 30%.

[Active Effect] 1—Miracle of Starlight: The light of the stars has the miraculous power of sublimation. 2—Starlight Backtrack: The light of the stars has the power of time reversal. 3—Blessing of Starlight: The blessings of the stars have the power of perfection and sublimation. 4—Empowerment of Star Spirits: The spiritual energy of the stars gives its ability to all things!

[Innate Magical Power] 1—Three-colored Divine Light: A magical power awakened by absorbing the energy of low-level metals. Passive effect: With a weapon made of metal, attack power + 30%. Attacks made of metal will be weakened by 30%.

Active Effect: (1) Releases three-colored divine light, within the range of X (X is the longitudinal character level, horizontal talent level * Class Advancement), dealing X (X is the character's attack power * talent level) physical damage. Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 24 hours!

2. Releases three-colored divine light to form a gold, silver, bronze, and three-colored energy shield. The shield's surface size is X (X is the talent level * Class Advancement number) meters. Increases X (X is the character's defense level * talent level) Physical Magic Defense! Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 24 hours!

This…

Qin Sheng was flabbergasted and speechless as he looked at this new Master of Stars.

Especially the innate divine ability Three-colored Divine Light that he had awakened, it completely stunned him!

Wasn't this too strong?

Passive effect: It weakens the enemy's attack by 30% and increases the user's attack by 30%. As long as it was a metal weapon, it was basically useless!

Active effect, one attack and one defense!

Not only was it powerful and comprehensive, most importantly, it was a growth skill. It would become stronger along with the character's level, attack power, defense power, number of Class Advancements, and the number of times the Lord of the Stars leveled up!

What a bug!

The three-colored divine light was very powerful, and Qin Luo did not ignore it.

With the upgrade of his endowment, his Health Points and Mana Points doubled again. He gained a total of 4,000 points, his Attack increased by 20%, his Critical Hit, Dodge, and Speed increased by 10%, and his attributes rose again.

Also, talent ability, another [Star Spiritual Endowment]!

The psionic energy of the stars bestowed its own ability to all things!

Judging from the introduction, it was similar to the Starlight Miracle.

Beep beep beep…

Qin Luo Sheng curiously took out Bloodthirst and was about to test it out when his communicator rang.

He opened it—

Sure enough, it was precisely the information of Ya Tu, Qing Si, Mu Mu, and Feng Xing. He only had these four friends.

"It's already so late?"

After killing the Boss, his innate talent had been upgraded, his divine powers had been awakened… A series of surprises followed. It was inevitable that Qin Sheng was immersed in them and had forgotten about the time.

"Wait for me, I'll be right there!—See you at our appraiser's place!"

Qin Luo quickly replied to the message. He then arranged a location with Ya Tu before taking out a return scroll and crushing it.

Eight million wolf eyes, here I come!