Chapter 41: Attack! Attack!

"Empress Naga, are you still so arrogant?"

Without any obstructions, Qin Sheng easily broke through to Empress Naga's side. He looked at this proud and arrogant empress who still did not show any signs of fear and sneered on the spot.

“Damn humans!”

The Naga Empress gritted her teeth once again. However, she did not say anything harsh this time. After all, she had just been played for a while, which resulted in such a difficult situation. It was no longer the time for her to take the initiative.

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste any time and immediately attacked with his hands!

Now, he was facing the queen of the Naga Race. No one knew how many trump cards this guy had.

Putting everything else aside, just from that move just now, it was obvious that he had seen through everything.

She was at a disadvantage now, and she couldn't miss this opportunity. If she didn't take advantage of her illness to take her life, she would kill her as quickly as she could. Was she going to wait for her to recover?

"Ding, Leopard Stab's effect has ended!"

His body suddenly became heavier!

The lightness from Leopard Tu's enhancement instantly disappeared without a trace.

So be it!

It was harmless!

He had already rushed to Empress Naga's side. Speed was no longer the most important thing!

This skill had completed its mission and was not wasted!

"Encourage!"

"Berserk!"

The two Warriors' augmentation skills were arranged within a second!

Then…

"Sirius!"

The proud wolf shadow rose up behind Qin Luo. It raised its head to the sky and roared, letting out a wolf howl that shook the surroundings.

"Divine Wolf phantom?"

The Naga Empress' pupils suddenly constricted. The energy that she had secretly condensed a moment ago dissipated under the sudden howl of the wolf.

"The empress used so many icicles to greet me just now. This act of being a host is really done to the extreme!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not know about Empress Naga's mental activity. After activating the Skywolf, it would last for a total of 30 seconds. He did not want to waste a single second and immediately launched a fierce attack without hesitation.

"As the saying goes, it is impolite not to reciprocate! We humans, especially us Chinese, place the most emphasis on etiquette. Since I am indebted to the empress's favor, then I will return the favor with a small amount of benefits!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a faint smile on the corner of his lips. His gentle appearance made one feel as if they were bathing in a spring breeze. However, in stark contrast, his eyes were extremely cold, filled with violence and killing intent.

“Please take the sword—”

[Bloodthirst] was raised high. Its sharp edge shone brightly under the illumination of the surrounding crystals.

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

12,420!

A crazy five-digit damage burst out, and a light yellow damage number floated above Empress Naga's head.

In an instant, the thick HP bar of the Naga Queen, who only had 50,000 HP, disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"Ding… Your Berserk Strike has triggered the Absolute Damage effect. All attributes of the Naga Empress have decreased by 20%!"

NICE!

Qin Luo jumped up in joy when he heard the notification from the system.

What a coincidence!

This time, the Naga Queen, whose attributes had decreased by 20%, made things worse!

His chances of victory had increased by a lot!

This already unequal battle was ultimately going to be a disadvantageous situation for him.

“Impossible! How could there be such a terrifying attack in this forsaken land that could injure me to such an extent? Human, exactly who are you?”

Empress Naga, who was initially calm, suddenly changed her expression after this extremely violent sword strike.

Looking at Qin Luo's continuous attacks, she no longer had that cold look from before. She clenched her fist in panic and the energy within her body burst forth, forming circular ripples of water ripples that spread out rapidly.

"Get lost!"

Qin Luo responded and rolled away!

Like a ball, it rolled down the steps of the throne!

"Ring of Fire? No, it should be called Ring of Fire!"

Qin Sheng quickly stood up in shock.

It was too fast!

The Naga Empress' skill burst out too quickly. There was no warning at all. It was like an instantaneous attack, making it impossible to guard against.

Fortunately, this skill was not a killing skill but a repelling skill. It could also be called a defensive skill and did not cause any damage to him.

"As expected, it's not an ordinary Gold Boss. It's different with the legacy secret technique. Just this alone greatly increases its survivability. Even if it gets close to me, it can easily pull away again. It's too strong!"

Qin Sheng broke out in cold sweat as he thought about the energy ripples and the unstoppable vibration.

Close combat against long-range combat was a natural disadvantage!

If the long-range attacker was an archer, he would be like a Japanese dog. His attacks were accurate, his critical rate was high, his attack speed was not slow, and his movement speed was also very fast. He would not be able to catch up to him in close combat, especially in complicated terrain, such as forests and mountains. He could directly surrender, or else he would be shot like a sieve.

Magical long-range attacks were slightly better, as the movement speed was too slow. However, correspondingly, the attacks would be much more explosive. After all, the Magic Artillery was not called for nothing. Usually, when facing such an opponent, it would either be a close-combat opponent who would be bombarded to death on the way, or a close-combat mage who would be slashed to death. There was basically no third outcome.

Qin Luo fought against Empress Jia!

It was a classic melee battle against long-range attacks!

A newbie player who had yet to change his occupation would be able to fight against a Boss with the strength of a Gold grade boss that was passed down from ancient times!

The disparity was too great!

This should have been a one-sided battle without any suspense!

However, Empress Naga had made a mistake!

Or rather, she had underestimated her enemy!

If she hadn't been putting on airs at the start and not allowing Qin Sheng, who was no different from a dirty bug to get close to her Sanctuary-realm, to fight the enemy obediently, she wouldn't have reached her current bottom.

Surging magic power, instant cast!

Such terrifying combat ability was almost invincible!

Qin Sheng was only using icicles. This was the most basic water-type magic. As long as he did not continuously attack, it would be enough to block Qin Sheng from at least 10 meters away without advancing an inch.

Unfortunately, the Naga Empress had chosen a one-hit kill, but she had failed!

There was no medicine for regret in this world!

Her arrogance was destined to pay the price!

This price was her life!

"Pfft…"

After forcefully activating the skill, the energy in Empress Naga's body became even more chaotic. The magic power that was about to return to normal was greatly delayed after repelling Qin Sheng.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

Qin Sheng, who had sharp eyes, could clearly see the blood flowing out from the corner of Empress Naga's mouth. He naturally understood her current situation. He activated his speed enhancement skill and advanced once again.

[Heavy Slash] + [Double Slash]!

Second consecutive attack of a Warrior's primary skill!

Skill damage was very weak!

However, after using the three augmentation skills, his basic attack power had increased tremendously!

-3244!

-1,858!

-2236!

Under the Heavenly Wolf's absolute attack, three yellow numbers floated above Empress Naga's head.

Three strikes!

A total of 7,000 plus damage!

The Naga Queen's HP bar dropped again!

Now, it was already close to half!