Chapter 53: Hidden Mission

Fengxing happily went offline to report the good news!

Under the restraint of the black hair, Mu Mu didn't dare to say anything else and fell silent with her!

It was rare for Qin Luo Sheng to have peace and quiet, so this was a good opportunity to settle scores!

Wu Lin had quite a few treasures. There were five categories!

The first Consumption Category potion, together with the potions, required a total of 1,000 gold coins to obtain all of them!

Next was the permanent enhancement type potions. There were a total of four types, and it cost 4000 gold coins to buy them all!

Next was the Permanent Amplification Type Spirit Herb. There were a total of five types which required 25,000 gold!

Even if it was a charm item, there were still five of them. They cost 15,000 gold!

Lastly, there were the Skill Books. There were four of them, each costing 10,000 gold. If one ate them all, the price would be as high as 40,000 gold!

Overall!

If he wanted to empty Wu Lin's pockets, he would need a total of 85,000 gold coins!

In other words…

A set meal with eight million wolf eyes had to be done!

"It's a little difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng remained silent. "It's probably impossible!"

The previous 8 million wolf eyes had taken more than a day to collect. Now, with only a short hour, it was impossible to complete this huge goal!

"However, I don't expect to eat everything. I'll just buy what I need!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and was rather open-minded.

If he could buy them all, he naturally wouldn't leave a single strand for Wu Lin!

If he couldn't buy all of them, then he would buy them all!

Two useless Skill Books reduced 20,000 gold coins!

Because the Lord of the Stars' Charm was maxed out, the Fruit of Charm was useless, and he could spend 5,000 gold less!

Wait!

It also depended on how much energy Yatu had and how many wolf eyes he could collect!

…

An hour passed in the blink of an eye!

"Brat, it's time!"

Wu Lin's timing was very accurate. The moment he arrived, he immediately said, "Although you plotted against me and took away my Wu family's ancestral treasure, I'll say this in exchange. I'll sell however much you can buy!"

"Thank you, Senior!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and looked at Fengxing beside him!

Fengxing leaned over and whispered, "There's only 7.2 million now. We don't have enough time. If we give it another ten minutes, it will definitely reach 9 million!"

7.2 million?

Qin Luo was stunned!

Initially, he thought that he would be able to get at most five million yuan. Just now, he had already calculated silently and chosen what he wanted to buy with difficulty. He did not expect Yatu to give him such a big surprise.

Buying all of them would cost a total of 8.5 million!

There were now 7.2 million!

In other words, as long as he bought one less skill book, he could buy everything else?!

"Very good!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Luo patted Fengxing's shoulder and said in a deep voice, "Help me thank Yatu!"

Although this was a deal that he had exchanged with the guide, Yatu did not need to work so hard. When the time came, even if he collected less wolf eyes, he could still pay four to five million yuan.

However, he had collected more than 7.2 million in just an hour. Qin Sheng understood the difficulty of this!

"Senior, let's begin!"

Qin Sheng walked forward and repeated the same routine with Wu Lin.

After getting the wolf's eye from Feng Xing, he turned around to trade with Wu Lin.

Although it was quite troublesome, he had no choice.

It was Wu Lin's fault for only giving him the right to use 100 Wolf Eyes instead of 1 Gold Envoy. He could not even directly trade with Wu Lin if he wanted Feng Xing!

With the 1000 backpack spaces of the Phantom ribbon, this transaction should be very fast. However, the efficiency was even slower than the last time!

That's right!

Qin Qin Sheng was stalling for time!

If he could slow down, he could make use of the time difference in this transaction to let Yatu collect more wolf eyes and hang them on the trading platform. He could also exchange for more things from Wu Lin.

After all, the amount had not reached the ideal amount of 7.5 million. He needed to work harder!

Hard work pays off!

He still managed to gather all the Wolf Eyes that were only missing 200,000!

That was enough!

As for the 8.5 million he had bought, Qin Sheng would not be delusional.

He told Fengxing to inform Yatu to stop purchasing. Under Mu Mu's resentful gaze, Disheng abandoned the skill [Meteor Shower] and packed everything else away!

"Kid, you're really something!"

Wu Lin's face was livid as he watched his treasures being taken away by Qin Sheng one after another.

This was especially the case for Qin Luo, who had kept all these treasures into the space of the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon to his face. He was so furious that he almost vomited blood.

"Senior, thank you!"

Compared to Wu Lin's awkward expression, Qin Sheng was grinning from ear to ear.

"Do you want this skill book?"

After the transaction was completed, Qin Luo Sheng, who was satisfied, was about to leave when Wu Lin's voice suddenly came from behind him. He turned around in surprise and asked, "Senior, are you willing to part with it? I'm willing to pay two million for the wolf eye, but I need you to wait for an hour!"

"Get lost!"

Wu Lin roared, "Why do I need so many wolf eyes? I already have over ten million. I don't know when I'll need them!"

"Then…"

Qin Sheng did not dare to act rashly after being sprayed with saliva. He smiled apologetically.

"You can have it!"

With a toss of his hand, Wu Lin tossed the Meteor Shower to Qin Sheng. Under his puzzled look, he said bleakly, "Ever since my ancestor chose to hide in this small village, these things are no longer important to us. Otherwise, do you think trash alchemy materials like the Wolf Eye can be exchanged for my treasure?"

Qin Luo smiled awkwardly.

"A thousand years have passed since the war between gods and devils. Now, the devils are stirring again. Even a remote village like ours is gradually being polluted. It can be seen that the situation in other places must be even worse."

"I, Wu Lin, have never had a son or daughter in my life. I watched the people grow up. I have always treated them as my sons."

"We received news yesterday that the demonic Qi corrosion in the forest is getting more severe. The great people have already fought with the demonic creatures and suffered heavy losses."

"It won't be long before the second wave of attacks begins. Once the frontline defenses are breached, the demonic army will march in."

"At that time, not only the village, all the living beings in the surroundings will die. They might even be demonized and turn into mindless zombies."

"The little people have already gone. I don't want the great people to follow in his footsteps."

"I don't care about big things, and I won't force you!"

"However, you must protect the lives of the people!"

"As for what happens after that, it's up to fate whether I live or die!"

Wu Lin had a solemn expression!

Ding… You have triggered a hidden mission [Save Wang Damin], do you accept? '

At this moment, the system notification sounded.

"Accept!"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. He glanced at Wu Lin and chose to accept without hesitation!

"Get lost!"

Seeing Qin Luo's acceptance, a smile appeared on Wu Lin's dry face. However, it was gone in the blink of an eye and he quickly returned to his original state. With a wave of his hand, he sent Qin Luo and the others out of the Wu family's door.