Chapter 59: Heartless Will, Trembling Heart

"He challenged the Thunder Guild single-handedly and swept through the entire battlefield. His defense is invincible, his attacks are invincible, and his posturing is invincible. I give him full marks. I'm not afraid of his arrogance!"

Qin Luo's forehead was filled with black lines!

Hey!

Young man!

What was posturing?

The words had to be accurate!

I'm f*cking stoic and disdainful from the bottom of my heart! I'm not pretending!

"That's right! He's so sick!"

"Especially that look in his eyes. He doesn't put the Thunder Union in his eyes at all. He's too awesome!"

"Exactly! A person as arrogant as Young Master Thunderclap was killed by him in front of so many people. He ruthlessly stepped on the face of the entire Thunderclap Union and continuously rubbed against each other. He's too awesome!”

It's done! "

The few female companions sitting at the same table immediately screamed, their eyes twinkling like stars!

Little fangirl mode activated instantly!

At that moment, the few youths beside him could not take it anymore. Their mouths were sour, but they were affected by their girlfriends' tyranny and did not dare to act rashly. That aggrieved look of daring to be angry and dare not speak was truly laughable. It amused even the nearby Qin Sheng!

"Hey! Brothers! Did you notice those two girls?"

"Hehe, of course!"

"I won't hide it from you guys. I've never seen such a beautiful woman in my life. She's a real goddess! She's so much better than those sluts online. She can't even compare to those glamorous celebrities!"

"Indeed! Those two girls are really good looking! Perhaps they only exist in the virtual world of Fate!"

"I won't deny that there might be a little bit of mediation! But to that extent, without a good foundation, would it work?"

"That's right! I'm guessing that in the real world, they can score at least 95 points! Especially that long-haired iceberg sister. That aura, tsk tsk. To be honest, I dreamed of her last night!"

Girls liked powerful and handsome mysterious warriors!

Similarly!

Heterosexual attraction!

The men were naturally more interested in the two beauties that appeared in the video!

Men!

Once they talked about women, it was like women talking about bags and cosmetics. When they were in the mood, they would talk about it in high spirits. They were so excited that they could not hold back!

Well…

There was a living example!

"Oh, you dreamed of her last night!"

A sinister voice sounded.

"Yeah, I dreamed of it!"

The young man, who had yet to come to his senses, answered immediately. Then, he turned around and looked at his girlfriend, who looked calm but had a murderous look in her eyes. He broke out in cold sweat instantly and stammered as he hurriedly explained, "Pingping, no, no, I, I just…"

"Looks like I'm not fit to be a woman!"

The girl called Pingping said expressionlessly, "I slept in my boyfriend's arms and shared the same bed. I didn't expect him to dream of another woman. Ha ~"

Damn!

What heavy resentment!

Qin Luo shuddered as his scalp went numb!

Without another word, he stood up and left!

He felt better after changing to a table that was further away!

Qin Sheng's lips twitched as he glanced at the young man who had a bitter expression on his face as he apologized and then turned ashen after being pinched by the tender flesh on his waist. He felt sorrowful!

Fortunately!

I don't fucking have a girlfriend!

Too awesome!

Who could withstand that?

"Table 13? Where is he?"

At this moment, the service staff brought the dishes over!

"Here!"

Qin Sheng, who was sitting at table 15 and staying away from trouble, raised his hand and called out.

In front of the delicacies, Qin Sheng, who was unbearably hungry, paid no more attention to anything else. He poured a glass of cold beer, filled a bowl with rice, and began to cook!

Ten minutes later!

Three bowls of rice, a bottle of cold beer, and a large serving of spicy hotpot!

Clean!

Qin Luo burped and walked towards the counter!

This meal was not bad!

He ate very well!

It was also very full!

After paying the bill, Qin Sheng did not return home immediately. He first took a walk around the place to digest his food, then went to a nearby supermarket to grab a piece of Fat Otaku Happy Water!

It was a hot summer day and the daily life of a loser was unavoidable!

When he got home, the first thing he did was to open the Happy Fat Otaku Water and put it in the fridge to freeze it!

Then, he looked at the time!

Hmm!

There were only ten minutes left until the agreed time of five hours!

Almost there!

He then went to the bathroom to take a quick shower to wash off his sweat. He then brushed his teeth and washed his face!

After taking care of her hygiene, she slowly returned to her bedroom!

Lie back down on the bed!

Put on the gaming helmet!

Connect to the power source!

Come!

Lincoln died!

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the tent!

The timing was perfect!

At this moment, Wang Damin's voice came from outside, "Weeping Soul Warrior, are you awake? We should set off!"

"Okay! I'll be right out!" Qin Sheng responded. He got up, tidied himself up slightly, and walked out of the tent.

When he lifted the curtain, he was met with stern faces!

Hunter!

Heavy Armor Warrior!

Grand Priest!

A spy!

Soldiers!

The Sealed Army was assembled!

“Ready?”

Wang Damin, who was standing at the front, walked up and patted Qin Sheng's shoulder. A rare smile appeared on his solemn face. "The chores have been arranged. We're just waiting for you!"

"No problem at all!"

He knew Wang Damin didn't want him to be so nervous. In fact, he wasn't especially nervous. Hence, he shrugged and said with a relaxed expression, "I can even be the vanguard!"

"No!"

Wang Damin shook his head and refused. "For this operation, you have to listen to my commands! Your ability is very strong, and it's not good to restrict your performance. Therefore, you can move freely and not belong to any party."

"However, you must not be a spy or a heavy-armored warrior! We don't need you to scout the way, nor do we need you to protect others with your body! If they die, so be it. You must not die!"

Qin Luo's breathing stopped!

What heartless words!

However!

Such heartless words did not disgust him in the slightest. Instead, it filled him with an indescribable sense of responsibility and mission, increasing the pressure!

He turned around!

He looked at the scouts and the heavily armored soldiers!

They all had determined looks on their faces. They didn't care about Wang Damin's cruel and cold-bloodedness at all. They didn't care about their lives and directly said that they were courting death!

It was clear that they already knew of their mission, and had already disregarded life and death!

An ordinary person!

An extraordinary heart!

What a great spirit!

Once again, Qin Sheng was shocked and felt inexplicably upset!

The last time such a situation happened was when he saw Wang Xiaomin's corpse that had died with a remaining grievance, as well as the look of despair in old man Wang's eyes after sending the corpse back!

Besides…

Not just spies and heavy armored warriors!

The others were the same!

He had also placed his life on the line and viewed death as his own!

At this moment!

Qin Qin Sheng was deeply moved!

At this moment, in his eyes, these people were no longer NPCs formed from virtual data combinations. Instead, they were living people. They had flesh and blood, emotions, faith, spirit of sacrifice, and dedication!