Chapter 55: Evil Demon'S Power, Mad Killing

"Wang Damin, where is Wang Damin?"

Qin Luo rushed over as fast as lightning. His left hand was bloodthirsty while his right hand was a coiling dragon that was separated from the water. He slashed ferociously as he charged forward while shouting loudly.

"Captain is in front, he's surrounded. Quick, warrior, please save Captain!"

At the side, a militiaman used all his strength to cut down the demonic creature confronting him. He held a knife and panted heavily. His sweat was like rain. It was obvious that his stamina and energy had reached their limits. However, he did not care about himself. Instead, he anxiously asked Qin Sheng for help.

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng swung his sword with all his might. The super high attack of the Coiling Dragon Li Water triggered a critical hit by luck and instantly killed a demonized monster, removing the danger of this exhausted militia. Then, he suddenly charged in the direction he pointed.

Chop!

Chop!

Chop!

The demonized monsters in the periphery were all weaklings. They had no power to defend against Qin Sheng, who was wielding two swords now. He attacked like a storm!

Soon, a bloody path appeared!

This concerned skill and level, as well as the Village Chief's favorability. It might even affect the High Priest's mission. Qin Sheng did not dare to be careless and had already done his best!

However, there were too many monsters!

He had used the enhancement skill and consumed the Berserk Potion, but it was still not enough!

Even if their attributes were completely suppressed, their health points were too high and they were in groups. It was difficult to clear them in a short period of time!

"F*ck!"

After killing one wave, another wave of monsters blocked their way!

Five minutes passed. At least twenty to thirty demonized monsters had died in his hands, but he had only advanced less than ten meters!

There were too many of them!

It was too dense!

"This can't go on!"

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely anxious. He wanted to use a forbidden spell scroll, but was afraid of accidentally injuring himself. He was in a dilemma.

If they wanted to break out of the encirclement, conventional methods would not work. They could only take risks!

"I'm going all out!"

After hesitating for a few seconds, Qin Sheng finally hardened his heart and took out the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice]!

Looking at the ordinary appearance, yet emitting an indescribable evilness, as if there was really a devil sleeping inside, he took a deep breath and wore it!

Immediately!

An extreme evil aura rose from his heart and rushed straight to his brain!

Kill!

Kill!

Kill!

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes instantly turned blood-red. He could not suppress his violent killing intent at all!

Blood thirst!

Desire to kill!

Desire for destruction!

At this moment, his form had not changed, but his heart was like that of a devil!

His will was affected, and his spirit was poisoned!

However, the strange thing was that he was very clear-headed. He did not lose himself or lose his rationality!

It was as if the dark side of his heart had been magnified infinitely. His desire to kill, in particular, was rising rapidly!

Qin Luo suppressed the urge to kill everything around him. He quickly opened his stats window—

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: Level 10

Class: Warrior

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 3750

Power: None

Money: 0 Gold, 85 Silver, 23 Bronze

Basic Attributes: Strength: 235, Constitution: 152, Agility: 140, Spirit: 250

Special attributes: Luck 0, Charm Max, Enlightenment 0, Tenacity 10, Focus 0

Health: 12989 / 12989

Mana: 13514 / 13514

Physical Attack: 886 on the left hand and 1415 on the right hand

Magic Attack: 463

Physical Defense: 365

Magic Defense: 36

Speed: 203

Dodge: 45%

Critical Hit: 55%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 0% Light, 0% Dark, 0% Poison

Skills: Slightly…

So powerful!

"This is me?"

Qin Luo's eyes widened in shock.

This was completely different from the previous time!

No wonder!

With the upgrade of his talent and the enhancement of the Spiritual Water Pearl, the Illusionary Spirit ribbon, and the Coiling Dragon Water, it was understandable that he had such an abnormal attribute!

If not for [Demon Blood Sacrifice] reducing a portion of its attributes, the interface would look even stronger!

"Come, let me see how terrifying the deal with the Evil Demons will be for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with excitement. His contorted face looked extremely hideous, as if he was a madman!

"Activate, Demon Blood Sacrifice!"

"Choice 1!"

"Consumes 5,000 health points!"

Buzz…

Pure black energy flowed out of the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] on his right ear rapidly following Qin Sheng's order. In just one second, it surrounded him.

"Ah…"

An unbearable pain suddenly appeared!

This pure dark energy drilled into every pore of his body, violent and wild!

It was the most primitive stuffing. Every pore of his body felt as if they were being pricked by sharp needles. They were being stabbed forcefully, and because he was overly excited, his senses were magnified. While he became more awake, his pain also increased.

When had Qin Luo Sheng ever experienced such pain?

It was simply torture!

But!

No matter how the pain escalated and became more intense, he did not faint. Instead, he became more awake from the demon's blood sacrifice!

After an unknown period of time, the black energy finally completely entered his body. The intense pain also receded like the tide. The system's prompt instantly arrived!

Ding… Demon's Blood Sacrifice has been successfully used. Your physical attacks and magic attacks have increased by 5,000 points. Your health points have changed to 7989 / 7989! '

Oh!

This was truly wonderful!

After a round of torture, Qin Sheng seemed to have awakened some strange attribute!

He stuck out his tongue and licked the lips that he had bitten through due to the intense pain. Blood flowed down his tongue, and that fishy smell made his evil tendencies rise once again!

"Come, trash, let me see if you can continue to block my path!"

Holding the sword in his left hand, [Bloodthirst]. Attack: 5886!

Current Attack: 6,415!

Qin Qin Sheng laughed!

-1,248!

-1,1586!

-5,741!

-1,248!

-6,210!

…

Huge damage numbers kept appearing!

None of the demonized monsters were a match!

Kill them all!

One sword for one!

He was invincible!

"Blood!"

"Kill!"

"Destroy!"

"What a wonderful feeling!"

Over a hundred meters!

Hundreds of demonized monsters!

Qin Sheng had only used three minutes to slaughter all the demonized monsters under the super insane enhancement. He had reached the forefront!

"Who are you?"

The NPCs of the militia who were surrounded stared blankly at Qin Sheng who had suddenly arrived. They were terrified!

It was this demon king-like man who had destroyed all the demonized monsters around him at an unbelievable speed.

"You… You… Don't come over!"

The Demon King walked over step by step. The fear in the hearts of the militia seemed to have been activated by something.

Their instinct to save their lives compelled them to raise their hands and point their weapons at the man who had just saved them!

"Are you safe for now?"

Qin Sheng ignored the militiamen who were shivering and breaking out in cold sweat. He raised his head and scanned the surroundings. After confirming that there were no more monsters, he resisted the urge to kill the NPCs in front of him. With great perseverance, he ended the demon's blood sacrifice.

The clouds dissipated and the rain dispersed!

The power of the Evil Demons rapidly dissipated!

Qin Luo Sheng's vision blurred for a moment. The fatigue that his body and spirit instantly returned made him almost lose his balance and fall to the ground.

"No wonder the enhancement is so insane. The aftereffects are too great!"

Qin Luo suppressed his dizziness and patted his cheeks vigorously to clear his head.

He looked up at the vigilant militiamen and asked, "Where's Wang Damin? Do any of you know where he is?"

He was very anxious!

He had worked so hard to get here and had even traded with the Evil Demons, causing him to be in such a weak state. If the mission target died, he would want to die!

Wang Damin, you must hold on!