Chapter 56: Source Of The Monster

“Captain?”

Upon hearing Qin Sheng's question, one of the militiamen was stunned and said subconsciously, "Captain is behind!"

"Shut up!"

The other militiaman's expression changed. He pushed him hard and shouted, "What are you talking about?"

At the same time!

He turned around!

Qin Luo glowered at him!

Immediately!

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded!

What kind of godly development was this?!

"What?!"

"Are they treating us as enemies?"

"Are you stupid?"

"If I were your enemy, would you still be alive? Would you still be standing in front of me like this?"

What a bunch of idiots. At a time like this, they still could not differentiate between friend and foe!

"Don't misunderstand!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath as he resisted the urge to complain. He looked at the group of idiots who were itching to attack him and hurriedly shouted, "I'm here on behalf of the village chief, Old Wang. I'm not an enemy!"

"Village Chief?"

The militia froze. “What proof do you have?”

"Evidence? I have it!"

Qin Luo stretched out his hand and took out a letter. "Hand this to your captain and we'll see for ourselves!"

This letter was given to him by the village chief. He said that he would give it to Wang Damin to help him complete the High Priest’s mission. Unexpectedly, it had now become a token to prove his identity!

Not long after!

A handsome young man who looked 70-80% like Wang Xiaomin hurried over. On his head were the words "Militia Leader Wang Damin", indicating his identity!

"Weeping Soul Warrior, thank you for your help. If you had not arrived in time, perhaps all of us brothers would have been gone!" Wang Damin walked over and supported Qin Sheng, who was weak and feeble, as he thanked him sincerely!

Without waiting for Qin Sheng's reply, he suddenly took a few steps back and bowed 90 degrees. He said with a choked voice, "Father had already told me in the letter. I didn't expect that this humble one would actually… Thank you, thank you for helping this humble one take revenge. Thank you for finding his corpse!"

Qin Luo Sheng was silent!

As he looked at the sobbing man in front of him, he couldn’t help but think of that youth in the Demonized Wolf King’s cave who had his innards eaten away and his complexion was deathly pale. Even in death, he still tightly gripped the broken arrow in his hand, not letting go. He had died with a grievance!

With a slight sigh, Qin Sheng helped Wang Damin up and said apologetically, "Sorry, if I had arrived earlier…"

"No, it's not your fault. It's just that the lives of the little people are not good. It's only those monsters' monsters that are to blame!"

Wang Damin clenched his fists tightly, his face filled with hatred.

"How's the situation now?"

Qin Luo Sheng quickly changed the topic to avoid being too emotional. He looked around and saw that some places had turned blackish-brown. "Judging from the situation, this shouldn't be the first time, right?"

"That's right!"

Speaking of serious matters, Wang Damin became very serious. He said solemnly, "Now, our situation isn't looking good!"

"The last demon attack was half a month ago."

"But the last demon attack was yesterday."

"In less than a day, there have already been two attacks. In the future, it will definitely become more frequent."

"Also, compared to before, the strength and number of monsters are also gradually increasing.

"We've already used all our strength to deal with this attack, but we still can't fend it off. If it weren't for you, we probably wouldn't have many people left even if we weren't completely wiped out.”

"With our current strength, there's no way we can withstand the next wave of attacks."

Wang Damin had a bitter look on his face. This man who had a determined spirit and a body as tough as iron had a hint of despair in his tone.

Qin Luo was silent!

He looked around!

Countless corpses were buried under the broken walls. There were monsters and humans.

Many militiamen died!

The number of casualties was even harder to count!

Now, everyone was sitting on the ground, exhausted. They were lying among the rocks with their heads lowered or covering their faces. They endured the pain and remained silent.

There were so many people alive, but they were not angry at all!

Despair had already spread and seeped into everyone's hearts!

"This is not a solution!"

Qin Luo looked at Wang Damin and asked seriously, "Do you have any suggestions?"

"There's only one option left!"

A person who could be the head of a civilian army was naturally not an idiot. Wang Damin understood the meaning in Qin Sheng's eyes in a second. He took a deep breath and said ruthlessly, "Waiting for death is only a path of death. Only by taking the initiative will there be a chance of survival!"

"There's a way?"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up with interest.

"I sent the Detection Team to investigate when the anomaly first occurred!"

Wang Damin said in a deep voice, "After three dispatches, three squads, and thirty brothers, we used their lives to finally find the location of the Devil's Den."

As he said that, Wang Damin took out a map and pointed at a red X on it. "This is it!"

Qin Luo looked over.

The marked location was in the back half of the forest, and it was very remote!

In order to reach that place, they would have to pass through several dangerous areas and face the attacks of countless demonic creatures.

It was a true path of death!

"This place used to be a cave. A few years ago, the hunters of the village entered the mountain to hunt. They hid inside because of the storm and accidentally discovered a mineral vein deep inside!"

"After my father reported it, the imperial court sent an army to guard the area and recruit villagers from all over the surrounding villages to mine for ores."

"At that time, most of the men in the nearby villages responded to the Imperial Court's call and earned a lot of money through mining. Their lives gradually became richer."

"But good times don't last!"

"One day, the women in the village prepared food early and sent it to the mine as usual. Who knew that the mine had already collapsed and all the miners were buried alive."

"My father and the village chiefs of the other villages went to the garrison to seek help from the army, but the tents of the garrison were still there, but they were all gone!"

"This matter was brought to the Imperial Court, and the Imperial Court sent experts to investigate several times, but in the end, they found nothing, and even many people died."

"As for the exact situation, the Imperial Court kept silent and refused to tell us. They only told us to stay away from the mine and never set foot in that place."

"We couldn't understand it at the time, but now it seems like there must have been some monster in the mine that even the Imperial Court couldn't do anything to. Seeing that it didn't come out to harm the people, we could only let it go and leave it alone."

"Unfortunately, they are still wrong!"

"A demonic creature is a demonic creature. It will never stay obediently. Now that it has erupted, dozens of villages within a hundred miles will be threatened by its destruction."

Qin Qin Sheng understood!

To put it simply, there was a terrifying demonic creature hiding in the mine. The dark energy it emitted affected the surrounding creatures and demonized them.

This was the origin of demonized creatures!

Now!

The demonic creature had mutated, or it was about to come out of seclusion, causing the demonized monsters to go berserk, or it was the demonic creature controlling it from afar!

No matter which one it was, it was fatal!

If they did not stop it, the people would be plunged into misery and suffering!