Chapter 57: Night Before The Storm, Advancing Tool

"A plan is made?"

Qin Luo looked at Wang Damin.

"Yesterday, the temple sent a team of priests to help us eliminate the demonized creatures. It's just nice, we can use them now!"

Wang Damin clenched his fists, his tiger-like eyes shining with a cold light. "The Grand Priest's physique is weak, but he has been cultivating since he was young. He has extraordinary divine energy and is also tainted with a trace of divinity. His mental strength is abnormally strong, and he is proficient in sealing techniques and barrier techniques. In addition, he is born with a natural ability to restrain dark power. He is the best candidate to strengthen the seal in the mine!"

Qin Luo nodded.

Indeed!

The enemy of darkness was the power of light that the Grand Priest possessed!

The two naturally countered each other!

Sealing monsters with the power of light was the most suitable!

"We had similar thoughts before!"

Wang Damin continued, "However, the power of light from the priests is like the sun in the night in the forest contaminated by the power of darkness. It's too eye-catching and attracts countless demonized creatures that have been corroded by darkness. Before they reach their destination, they have already suffered heavy casualties. They have no choice but to retreat and give up!"

"But it's different now!"

"Now that things have come to this, this is the only path we can take. We can only gamble!"

"I wasn't confident at all just now!"

"However!"

"You're here!"

"We have hope!"

"Weeping Soul Warrior, are you willing to help us?"

Wang Damin was stunned by his words. Before he could digest the contents, he suddenly heard the system's prompt!

Ding… You have received a triggered hidden mission [Escort Priest]. Do you accept? '

Hidden mission?

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded!

A hidden mission had appeared at this time?

Wasn't this giving him a pillow just because he wanted to doze off?

Catch!

Only an idiot would not accept it!

[Mission Title: Escort the Priest

[Mission Introduction] The source of the creature's demonization has been found. Even if the seal is broken, the seal must be strengthened to prevent the creatures from dying.

[Mission Details] Escort the Priest to the mine's seal

[Mission Time] No Limits

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Another hidden mission!

Olly!

“When do we leave?”

Qin Luo was somewhat impatient.

"Five hours later!"

Wang Damin pondered for a moment and then gave a number. "We have suffered a great defeat and our morale is unstable. The soldiers of the civilian army need my guidance. Furthermore, the defensive line has been broken. We need time to repair the loopholes and guard against the demonic creatures' next ambush."

Qin Luo Sheng nodded, indicating his understanding.

"Weeping Soul Warrior must be tired too!"

Wang Damin said solemnly, "It must have taken a lot of energy to kill so many demonic creatures. Our trip is extremely dangerous. We must maintain our energy and stamina. This concerns the lives of millions of people. We can't be careless."

As he spoke, he pointed to a tent not far away. "Before we take action, the Weeping Soul Warrior should rest there and have a good sleep. When the support troops from the rear come, I will be able to carry out the escort mission with you in peace. Moreover, the Priest needs to prepare and request for help from the temple."

Entering the tent!

Qin Luo sat down on the bed and threw himself into the blanket. A deep sense of fatigue surged forth like a tidal wave.

Five hours?

It took a long time!

Just nice, I'll listen to Wang Damin's suggestion and have a good sleep!

But before that, there was something else to do—

Increase strength!

This trip was extremely dangerous!

It would be easier if he was alone, but this was an escort mission, and the most important thing was to ensure the safety of the clerics.

What was a priest?

To put it bluntly, he was a Priest, a Light Priest with almost no combat power!

His head hurt!

"Forget it, I'll take it one step at a time!"

Qin Luo Sheng truly had no other choice. After all, he had too little information and could not put up effective defenses. He could only react accordingly.

He took out a bunch of things from the Phantom ribbon and placed them on the animal skin blanket!

It was the treasure he had gotten from Wu Lin!

"Whether it succeeds or not depends on you!"

Miracles of Starlight were activated again, and the system's prompts were endless.

In an instant, light flashed non-stop!

Rubbing his hands together, Qin Luo once again opened their stats window expectantly.

[Strong Health Potion] instantly recovered 3,000 health points.

[Strong Magic Potion] instantly restored 3,000 mana points.

[Berserk Potion] increases attack power by 20%.

[Poison Potion] could poison weapons and increase their toxic damage.

[* can] dealt 800 True Damage to the 5x5-meter area.

Something!

It was indeed a starlight miracle. After sublimation, the effect had increased tremendously!

Next was the medicine that would increase his attributes permanently—

[Strength Potion] could permanently increase 3 Strength points.

[Constitution Potion] could permanently increase 3 Constitution points.

[Agility Potion] could permanently increase 3 points of Agility.

[Spirit Potion] could permanently increase 3 points of Spirit.

[Lucky Four-leafed Flower] could permanently increase 2 points of luck.

[Fruit of Charm] can permanently increase 2 points of charm.

[Spiritual Spring Water] could permanently increase tenacity by 2 points.

[Dao Comprehension Fruit] could permanently increase perception by 2 points.

[Spirit Convergence Flower] could permanently increase 2 points of concentration.

The four basic attributes went from one to three, increasing by as much as two points!

Awesome!

Unfortunately, after sublimating the five hidden attributes, he only added 1 point. He was slightly disappointed!

However!

Qin Luo Sheng was not particularly concerned.

Originally, he only added 1 point, but now, he added 2 points!

From the increase, it had increased by 100%, double!

It was just free sex!

It was worth it!

What bicycle do you need?

Continue, props—

[Sky Tremor Bomb] dealt 1,500 True Damage to the 8x8-meter area.

[Divine Flame Symbol] burned an area of 8x8 meters, causing large amounts of fire damage.

[Lightning Talisman] bombarded an area of 8x8 meters, causing a large amount of lightning damage.

The Divine Movement Talisman increased his speed greatly.

[Earth Wall Talisman] activated an earth shield to block a large amount of damage.

Not bad!

From a range of 5x5 to 8x8, the damage was increased from a certain amount!

He did not know how much it had increased, but it was definitely stronger!

With them, he had a greater chance of completing the mission!

It was inevitable that he would be able to fight against a large number of enemies by himself once he entered the enemy's lair!

As a small Warrior, he did not have any AOE skills and could only attack them one by one. It was really uncomfortable.

These AOE damage tools could be used.

Especially the Divine Flame Symbol and Thunderfall Symbol!

Other than being afraid of light energy, fire and lightning were considered half of the bane of dark creatures!

"The luck of the European King is not bad, it all depends on this wave!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath after he was done and looked solemnly at the two skill books that were glowing with starlight!

The highlight was here!