Chapter 58: Night Market News

Instant Slash!

Slash!

They were originally Gold-tier skills. Under the sublimation of the Starlight Miracle, theoretically speaking, there was a possibility of them jumping levels, breaking through the Epic shackles in one go and reaching a higher level of legend!

However!

This depended on one's looks!

Was he a gigolo or a tanned face? It was time to verify his bloodline!

With excitement in his heart, Qin Luo Sheng carefully opened the stats window—

[Instant Slash (Epic)] LV1, 0 / 5000, consumes 200 Mana. Within a 10-meter radius, lock onto a single target and instantly move to the target's side and slash. Deals 200% damage and has a chance to stun! Cooldown: 30 seconds!

What a powerful skill!

It was an instant kill skill within a 10-meter radius!

Although the damage dealt was not strong and was far from being comparable to a Berserk Strike, just based on the mobility, it was enough to be on par with it. Furthermore, it also had a chance of stunning, and the cooldown time was only a short 30 seconds.

It was predictable!

With Instant Slash, those guys who relied on kiting to survive, such as archers and mages, would either be dead or kneel on the ground and call him daddy!

“But why epic?”

Qin Luo was somewhat unwilling!

He was extremely satisfied with the power of Instant Slash.

However!

Before reaching the Legendary stage, he was unhappy!

Why?

Nothing else!

It was just that he did not expect that this wave of self-reflection that was obviously proof of his bloodline would turn into self-destruction instead!

He did not want to be a black ghost!

"Chop chop, you have to be awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and stared fixedly at the latter skill book. He screamed madly in his heart, "Legend! The European King! Legend! The European King!—"

[Slash (Epic)] LV1, 0 / 5000, consumes 300 Mana Points, and sends the enemy flying with great strength, dealing 150% damage. Forced to stay in the air for at least 3 seconds! Cooldown: 3 minutes!

The complete attributes introduction came into view!

Instantly, Qin Sheng's face turned as black as charcoal!

He stared at the two words "Epic" and cursed. In the blink of an eye, it had already reached his mouth!

"I don't believe it!"

"This self-reflection does not count!"

"Hmm, it's obvious that the Lords of the Stars are not capable enough!"

"The Starlight Miracle Transcendence can only reach the Epic stage at most. It cannot touch the legends!"

"Yes!"

"That must be it!"

After a round of self-deceiving and self-deceiving, Qin Sheng happily learned the two skills and forced himself to forget about his humiliating actions earlier.

"Awesome! As expected of an Ancient skill. It has a control effect of at least 3 seconds. It will definitely be useful when fighting a Boss!"

First, it was an instant slash!

Another slash!

Both skills were extremely powerful and practical!

Instant Slash Ambush Kill was powerful and could be used as an escape skill at critical moments!

Ten meters was enough to escape the effective range of many skills!

Of course, the prerequisite was that there was a target for him to use.

Chop Slash's control effect was maxed out. If he found an opportunity, he could use it as a blocking skill!

The effect of Slash Chop was "Forced" to stay in the air. Unless there was no resistance, interrupting the channeling and release of the Boss' skills was definitely a 100% success rate!

"It's almost time. Get it done and rest early!"

After the excitement, the fatigue increased.

Qin Luo Sheng stuffed the Permanent Amplification Medicine and spirit herbs into his mouth. When he saw the additional attribute points, he nodded in satisfaction!

There were a total of 20 bottles of Strength, Constitution, Agility, and Spirit. After giving 5 bottles to Yatuko, there were 15 bottles left, 15 * 3, and each attribute increased by 45 points!

Luck, Charm, Toughness, Enlightenment, and Focus. There were originally five flowers for each flower, but they were split into two, three to two, each increasing by six points.

Of course, charm did not count!

Because the Lord of the Stars had already given him the ability to charm Max, the Fruit of Charm was useless to him.

"Sure!"

"Okay!"

"Offline! Offline!"

"Come back in five hours!"

Although they could sleep in the game world directly, it would not affect them. However, the damn game company had set a time limit!

If he were to sleep here for five hours, he wouldn't be able to think about the hidden mission. When it was time, he would be kicked offline. Wang Damin would lead the weak priests to their deaths!

When the time came!

Two hidden missions were announced as GG!

…

In the real world!

Qin Luo took off his gaming helmet and exhaled heavily!

Even though it was less than five hours in the game today, he was really tired!

First, he charged into the Naga Ancestral Land and engaged in a fierce battle with the Naga Empress!

Then, he rushed to the frontline to reinforce the enemy!

For the mission, he even activated the blood sacrifice of the Evil Demons and experienced the ultimate pleasure!

Fortunately!

In the middle of the two battles, there was still a buffer period of over one hour at Wu Lin's place. Otherwise, he might not have been able to persist!

"Sleep! Have a good sleep!"

Suppressing the overwhelming urge to sleep, Qin Sheng quickly set the alarm and fell into a deep sleep in less than a second, ignoring the discomfort of his sticky body.

…

Beep beep beep…

The noise woke up Qin Sheng, who was sleeping.

Sleepily, he tried to open his eyes. He slapped the noisy alarm clock, stopping it from continuing its unethical act of making noise.

After a few minutes in bed, she finally regained her senses!

Wake up!

He took off his short sleeve that was soaked in sweat!

Then, he went straight to the bathroom!

He took a quick shower and finally felt refreshed!

In just four hours, it was obvious that he had not slept enough, but it was enough. He had recovered quite well and was no longer as dispirited as before.

But physical strength!

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his shriveled stomach and did not even bother to wipe his wet hair. He found a clean T-shirt from his wardrobe and casually put it on. Picking up his keys and phone, he quickly left the house and headed straight for the street of snacks outside the estate!

The lights were flashing. It was already night time in the city!

Time was tight, and Qin Sheng was not in the mood to look for delicacies either!

At the entrance of the alley, he randomly found a shop that didn't look busy and didn't need to queue!

After some hesitation, he ordered a spicy hotpot!

After ordering, the waiter handed over the order to the kitchen!

Qin Luo Sheng took a sip of tea and took out his phone to play games. However, he was distracted by the conversation of the young people at the table beside him.

"Hey, did you guys watch that video?"

“Which is?”

"Are you from Earth? Did you just come back from Mars? Of course it's from the beginner village 6666!"

"Oh, that video? Of course I saw it! Damn, that mysterious warrior is my idol!"

Qin Sheng was startled when he heard Qin Luo's words.

Wasn't he talking about me?

Holy shit!

It had only been a day, but it had already spread so much? Everyone already knew about it?

Not only on the Internet, but even on the streets and alleys?

Qin Qin Sheng was a little embarrassed, but he was secretly pleased!

As the protagonist of this event, as well as the protagonist of the victorious side, he was admired by countless young people and treated as an idol. He was looked forward to by so many girls and shouted that they wanted to give birth to a monkey. This feeling, tsk tsk, was quite beautiful!