Chapter 50: Epic Single-Handed Sword: Coiling Dragon Li Water

Two pieces of Epic equipment!

Even Qin Sheng was somewhat nervous!

Currently, the players only had Gold equipment. It was impossible for them to have Epic equipment!

After all, based on the BOSS's level, if he wanted to drop an Epic equipment, he had to at least be a Silver BOSS!

Did the beginner village have a Silver Boss?

At the very least, Qin Sheng had never encountered or even heard of it. Even on the forums, he had never seen such information.

Of course, a hidden BOSS like the Naga Empress did not count, neither did the dungeon BOSS in the trial grounds!

In the wild, the strongest BOSS they had ever encountered was Bronze!

The equipment dropped by a Bronze Boss was the highest gold!

Furthermore, the explosive equipment that exceeded two grades only existed in theory. The estimated drop rate was only one in ten million, or even one in a hundred million!

Unless a player had a talent related to luck, it was impossible for such a situation to occur.

Gold equipment was priceless. What about Epic equipment?

Priceless!

Upon reaching the Epic stage, the equipment would have a qualitative leap. The price of Gold equipment could not be used as a reference!

Therefore, it was priceless!

Regarding this, Qin Sheng had the most say.

Because he had Epic equipment!

Regardless of whether it was the Spiritual Light Cloak or the Illusionary Spirit ribbon, both of them were far superior to Gold equipment. It could be said that they were two completely different levels!

Now that he had two new Epic equipment, it would be a lie to say that he was not nervous!

Let's begin!

Qin Luo took a deep breath and took the lead to pick up a long sword. It was simple, elegant, and beautiful. It was a pure ancient sword.

Its entire body was green, and it had a lot of charm to it. Especially on the sword, there was a dragon carved on it. It was vivid and lifelike, and even the lines between each dragon scale were incomparably clear. Its entire body emitted a pulse of life, as if it was alive.

Other than that, the sword was the most eye-catching. It was also Qin Luo's favorite aspect of the sword. The flowing light on the body of the sword moved rhythmically, as if it had water vertigo and water could flow. It gave people an indescribable sense of honesty and comfort. It was just like the saying in my 'sacred text of Daoism': 'As good as water'!

He opened his stats window—

[Coiling Dragon Water]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 10, Warrior

Effect: Attack + 350, Strength + 30

Special Effect: [Dragon Soul] Coiling Dragon has a living dragon soul resting in the water. When attacking, there is a certain chance of triggering the remaining dragon's might in the dragon soul. It will intimidate the enemy and cause a stun effect for at least 3 seconds. The Snake Race's effect will double, and the Dragon Race will be immune! (The same target can only be effective once)

Special Effect: [Water Parting] Coiling Dragon Parting Water contains the power of Water Parting. Physical attacks can be transformed into water-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to inflict Water Parting Damage on the target, reducing their resistance to water-type attacks to a certain extent. This will cause the target to be eaten by the Water Parting Water. The body will become heavier and the recovery effect will be weakened (can be increased continuously)!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Soul Impact] consumes 1,000 Mana. Activates the dragon soul in the Coiling Dragon Water. Attacks energy in a straight line 10 meters ahead, dealing 500% damage. There is a chance of crippling, stunning, and frightening. Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It's said to be the weapon of a Heavenly God. It uses Li Water, one of the top ten mystical waters as its main energy source. Sealed inside is the soul of a True Dragon, hence its name, Coiling Dragon Li Water.

[Current Status: Energy Incomplete]

Qin Sheng:…

Yatu:…

Qing Yi:…

Mu Mu:…

Fengxing:…

What kind of godly weapon was this?

Qin Qin Sheng felt like he was going crazy!

Not only did the attack explode, but it also had two special effects and one offensive skill. It was simply sick!

As expected of something dropped by Empress Naga, it was indeed awesome!

It was the dragon soul and the so-called Ten Great Miraculous Water Liquid!

It was one thing to not understand, as long as it was high-class!

Moreover, the most important thing was that this fellow didn't seem to be at his peak!

If an incomplete energy was already so impressive, then wouldn't it be heaven-defying to recover energy?

"Who would have thought that I, Qin, would one day obtain the weapon of God!"

There was nothing to say!

"This Coiling Dragon Li Water must be mine. Even Jesus can't take it away. I, Qin Sheng, said it!"

Ignoring Yatu's scorching gaze, Qin Luo quickly took the Coiling Dragon Li Water and declared his sovereignty.

Yatu:…

"Brother Weeping Soul!"

Yatu spoke tentatively.

"No need!"

"There's nothing to talk about!"

"Impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng directly rejected three times!

"I know it's impossible for Brother Weeping Soul to part with it!"

Yatu was speechless!

He really liked this sword. Not only did it possess a heaven-defying performance, but its appearance also suited his taste.

However, he also knew what this sword meant to a warrior. It was definitely not for sale, so he could only give up.

"Coiling Dragon Li Water belongs to Brother Weeping Soul. The sword that Brother Weeping Soul exchanged for…"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before understanding.

So this kid's true goal was Bloodthirst!

This was a common method!

During negotiations, many people deliberately raised their demands very high or very low. If the other party did not agree, they would take advantage of the situation and make another request, a request that did not cross the bottom line.

At this moment, after comparing the two requests, due to the huge disparity, it was unlikely for the latter request to be accepted. However, because of the unreasonable request before, it gave the person who was being asked an illusion that this request was not too much.

Of course, there was another reason!

This was because most people couldn't be as cold as ice and as hard as a rock. Therefore, since they had rejected others once, they were too embarrassed to reject a second time, especially the loyal Chinese. Facing this move, they would definitely fall for it!

"Brother Yatu, it's not that I'm treating it as a treasure, but I still have use for this sword!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked apologetic.

Yet, Yatu was completely dumbfounded!

What did that mean?

Was there any use?

With an Epic Coiling Dragon Water, why would he need a bicycle?

If he did not sell the equipment that he had changed out for money and left it in his backpack to eat dust?

If he sold it now, he could still sell it for a good price. It should be known that the upgrading of equipment was very fast. One price today and another price tomorrow. The depreciation rate was faster than money!

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste his breath. He shrugged his shoulders and shared a skill!

[Two-Handed Proficiency (Special)] Passive effect: Can be equipped with two weapons at the same time and increase attack by 10%!

Looking at this priceless skill in a sense, Yatu instantly fell silent. Then, tears streamed down his face!

It's too difficult!

I just want a better one-handed sword. Why must I see this skill?

How envious!

What do I want?

"My game time is up. I'll go offline first!"

Yatu forced a smile. "Brother Weeping Soul, if there's anything you don't need, please remember me first. The price will definitely satisfy you!"

Then, he went offline at the speed of light!

"I think he's crying!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed.

The corners of Feng Xing trio’s mouths twitched!

Are you a demon?

How can you expose someone's scars like that?

Also, don't donate your eyes to those who need them!

I just don't feel comfortable. Why are you crying?

This is slander, bastard!

"The atmosphere doesn't seem right!"

Qin Luo Sheng blinked and cast a glance at the three silent people. His heart tightened. "These three guys, could it be that they want to snitch?"

He was not afraid of snitching, but the atmosphere was too awkward and heavy!

"Come, come, come, look at the second piece of equipment. Yo, it's still an earring!"

Qin Sheng quickly took out another piece of Epic equipment. When he saw the three of them looking at him, he heaved a sigh of relief and happily opened up the stats window of the equipment.