Chapter 51: Demon Blood Sacrifice

[Demon Blood Sacrifice]

Type: Earrings

Grade: Epic

Requirement: None

Effect: Power -30, Constitution -30, Agility -30, Spirit + 100, Tenacity + 10

Special Effect: [Devil's Whisper] Passive Effect: 30% chance of immunity to control. Active Effect: After activation, the Devil's Whisper will allow you to maintain a clear mind and be absolutely immune to all control. It will last for at most 30 seconds. After the effect ends, you will be in chaos for 1 minute! Cooldown: 30 minutes!

Additional Skill: [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] uses one's own blood as a sacrifice to obtain the power of the demon. Effect: Suppress the upper limit of one's Health Points, and the effect cannot be recovered during the duration. You can choose two ways to increase your Health Points: (1) Obtain points of attack power (including physical attack power and magic attack power). (2) Obtain a percentage of attack power of compressed health points (including physical attack power and magic attack power)! Cooldown time: 5 minutes!

Introduction: The blood sacrifice of the Evil Demon is also known as the Cursed Earrings. It was rumored that it was a creation left behind by a Grandmaster blacksmith one day. The Evil Demon carried the hatred of the extermination of his family, but because the enemy was too powerful to take revenge, he sacrificed his soul and life to the Evil Demon, sealing all his hatred and evil thoughts into the Earrings. The disciple of the Evil Demon took revenge and wore the Evil Demon's power. He exterminated 13,862 enemies of the entire clan, leaving not even a chicken or dog alive. After that, his temperament changed drastically, and he became a demon. He was exterminated by the righteous path, and the Evil Demon's blood sacrifice was completely sealed. Later on, it was stolen and his whereabouts were unknown.

Qin Sheng:…

This!

How should he put it!?

He really had nothing to say!

This earring was simply amazing!

Its performance was just like its name!

Devil!

It was a double-edged sword, an extremely dangerous double-edged sword!

Unlike other equipment, most of them were positive and would give players a stable boost!

The blood sacrifice of the Evil Demon, every performance was absolutely fair!

If one wanted to be positive, then one aspect would become negative!

He was honest!

It was like making a deal with a devil. He would definitely give you what you want and take what you want!

Of the four basic attributes, apart from the frightening 100 points of Spirit Amplification, the other three were reduced by 30 points!

Yes, yes, yes!

It also contained the meaning of blood sacrifice!

With blood as a sacrifice, one's body would naturally weaken. Strength, physique, and agility would be reduced, and one's mental strength would be greatly enhanced. It was very reasonable!

It was the same for the special effects and skills!

Immune control, and then falling into a controlled state. The duration was twice that of the former!

Using one’s own blood to exchange for strength, this was an equal exchange!

No matter how much effort he put in, he would return the favor!

It swam around the blade!

Once it was activated, he would have to pay with his life!

It's either yours or your enemy's!

It was worthy of the name "blood sacrifice"!

"How terrifying!"

Qin Luo sighed.

If it was in the real world, this kind of thing would run as far as it could without even bringing back its head!

Living in a harmonious and beautiful new era, was he tired of living to touch such things?

However, this was the game world!

Then everything was fine!

Devil?

So what?

At most, he would just die and drop a level!

One second later, I'm back!

This earring was really too powerful. It was so powerful that there was no way to tell. If not for its negative effects, it would definitely not be at the Epic stage!

"What a pity! It's such a waste!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head.

Although there were no requirements to wear it, it was undoubtedly the most compatible with mages!

Only a bombardment turret like a mage would not be affected by the reduction of three attributes. At the same time, it would increase one's mental strength the most!

The one who was most afraid of being insta-killed was also a mage. The special effect [Devil's Whisper] perfectly solved this problem!

Also, the terrifying [Demon Blood Sacrifice] was custom-made for mages!

After all, unlike close-combat jobs like Warriors, they needed to engage in melee combat with the enemy. If they activated the ability to increase the damage done to the enemy, they might even lose their lives with just a scratch.

Mages were different!

As long as they found the right location and someone protected them, they could even activate their full power and forcefully retain 1 HP. The remaining HP would be sacrificed or directly increase their attack power by 99%. That output ability was simply explosive!

However!

Currently, [Demon Blood Sacrifice] was a cancerous tumor!

For example, a level 10 mage with all points added to his mental strength!

Including the equipment!

Health Points: 200 at most, Speed: 80!

Not to mention the special effects and additional skills, just wearing the attribute reduction would be enough, especially Health Points. He would instead owe them 100 points, and could only forcefully keep 1 point of Health Points!

What could 1 HP do?

It was even more fragile than a porcelain doll!

If he touched it or even jumped, he might die!

It was too difficult!

"Strange items have miraculous effects. This thing will definitely bring me a surprise in the future!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not wear it and only put the [Demon Blood Sacrifice] back into his backpack!

Normally, this item that had lost 90 points of important attributes would definitely be hidden until it died!

But in times of danger, he would use it without hesitation, using his blood as a sacrifice. Even if he had to make a deal with a demon, he had to obtain power!

"I didn't expect such equipment!"

After watching the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] enter Qin Sheng's backpack, the evil oppression from the unknown disappeared. Feng Xing and the other two, who had not dared to even breathe, finally heaved a sigh of relief with complicated expressions.

"I…"

Little Chili and Mumu stopped chattering and wanted to say something, but they swallowed their words.

She was a girl after all. Even though [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] was like a divine weapon to mages, she was still a little afraid!

Of course, she also knew that even if she opened her mouth, they would definitely not sell it. No matter how much it cost!

Seeing that the three of them were rather silent, Qin Luo Sheng knew that the impact of the [Demon Blood Sacrifice] was rather huge!

He did not disturb their calm state of mind and continued to examine the next victory item!

There was another piece of equipment. It was the system reward for killing the Naga Queen along with the [Golden Mark]!

There were three Skill Books, two of which were dropped by the Naga Empress, and one was a reward from the system!

And a scroll!

The equipment was a dagger, a Silver-grade one. After the Starlight Miracle Transcendence, it did not skip levels and only became Gold-grade. What a pity!

Fine!

There were many players playing Thief in the Fated World. This dagger would definitely sell for a high price. Coincidentally, he would not have enough money to trade with the Wolf's Eye in the Attu Pavilion, so he could use it to repay his debt!

Next, three Skill Books—

Rapid Rapid Thrust (Gold) consumes a certain amount of mana to launch a rapid attack, causing a large amount of damage! Requirement: Berserker!