Chapter 52: A Deal

It was a Berserker skill?

There was nothing to say!

This should be the "Random Class Skill Book" rewarded by the system!

With a light tap, he learned!

He opened the skill column!

[Extreme Speed Thrust] LV1, 0 / 1000, consumes 100 Mana Points, activates on a single target, and attacks one or several parts at an extremely fast speed. Attacks at least five times, and each attack has a base damage fixed at 100%, with special effects! Cooldown: 30 seconds!

Very good!

Extremely powerful!

The Assault skill, which only had 30 seconds of cooldown, came just in time, making up for the lack of offensive skills!

Continue—

[Shield Wall (Silver)] consumed a certain amount of mana. A shield wall rose in front of the body to resist a certain amount of attacks! Requirement: Shield Warrior!

Tsk!

It was a Shield Specialist skill!

He could only exchange it for money again!

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head unhappily and threw it into his backpack to check out the last skill book!

[Quake Retreat Arrow (Silver)] After accumulating power for a period of time, it shot out an arrow and knocked the single target back a certain distance! Requirement: Archer!

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Wasn't it a Berserker skill?

Qin Qin Sheng was very dissatisfied.

Equipment was one thing, but no one would complain about having too many skills. Especially in the beginner stage where skills were scarce, the more the better!

"Sigh!"

Qin Luo sighed softly and consoled himself helplessly, "Forget it, this trip can be considered a great harvest! With the Extreme Speed Thorn, the Coiling Dragon Water, and the Illusionary Spirit ribbon, my life is already good enough!"

Right, there was still a scroll!

[Sealing Scroll: Low-level Forbidden Spell: Summon the Naga God (Epic)] Sealed with the forbidden spell drawn by an ancient Naga Race expert. Once activated, the summoning array will be completed. Gather the wishes of the Naga Race and awaken the god of the Naga Race who is sleeping in the Underworld (those who are not of the Naga Race's royal family or the Naga Race's sacrificial lineage cannot control the Naga God). Lasts for 3 minutes! Requirement: 10,000 magic points!

Shit?

Another forbidden spell scroll?

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes widened in shock!

Looking at this scroll, he could not help but recall the other forbidden spell scroll that Snake Girl had contributed—the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array!

"Tsk tsk, not bad, another trump card!”

Qin Luo Sheng carefully placed the scroll away!

Unlike the [Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array], which was only a group attack, this [Summoning Naga God] had more uses.

After all, the Naga God that was summoned would not be limited to its fighting style. However, it could fight alone. In the future, if they encountered a difficult BOSS, this thing would come in handy!!

Alright, the spoils of war have been collected!

Next, he had to wait for an hour!

Let's see how many wolf eyes the pavilion can collect!

"Hey, big baddie, when are you bringing us to the dungeon?"

Qin Luo could wait for an hour, but Mu Mu, who was naturally lively and active, could not. After recovering from the influence of the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice], she strolled over in a few seconds and asked him crisply.

Qin Sheng:…

"Mumu!"

Qing Si tugged at Mu Mu, ignoring her pouty, unhappy, and unwilling grievance. She turned to look at Qin Sheng and said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Mu Mu has been spoiled since she was young. With such a personality, she has no ill intentions!"

"Forget it!"

Qin Luo Sheng was initially a little angry, but seeing that Qing Si had already apologized personally, Mu Mu, who had been reprimanded, had tears in her eyes. It was as if a flood would break through the dam in the next second. What else could he do? Of course he had to forgive her!

"However, what Mu Mu said is also what I want to say!"

The azure hair said, "We are very similar to clearing the Nightmare Trial Grounds, but we really can't find a suitable teammate! We are very sincere. If you have time, you must consider it."

He did not offer a price and instead handed the initiative to Qin Sheng!

This was a brilliant way of speaking.

Regardless of success or failure, he would not offend anyone!

"Oh! That's interesting!"

Qin Luo's brows twitched. "I'm already level 10 now. You should know what I mean!"

Level 10?

The azure-haired trio was instantly stunned!

Level 10 was already the highest level in the beginner village. Through the village leader, one could teleport to a nearby city to pass the beginner stage and begin the real adventure!

"Then you…"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand and cut off her hair. He knew what she wanted to say and explained straightforwardly, "I still have two things that I have a huge reward for. I have no choice but to do them!"

The azure threads immediately fell silent and no longer spoke!

Mu Mu's bright eyes dimmed!

Fengxing, who was waiting for good news, was also disappointed!

"I don't have time! Just because I'm gone doesn't mean you can't clear the level!"

Qin Luo smiled.

"Boss, you think too highly of us!"

Fengxing smiled wryly. "You've cleared the Nightmare Difficulty, so you should know how difficult it is. If there was another teammate who could keep up with the four of us, then there would still be a chance to fight. Unfortunately…"

"Well, I can't do it now, but that doesn't mean I can't do it later!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a mysterious look on his face!

"Boss, do you have a solution?"

Fengxing cried out immediately, looking anxious.

"The most difficult part of Nightmare is undoubtedly the new barrier, Snake Cavern!"

Qin Luo Sheng spoke with assurance, "This checkpoint is a dark pathway of about two hundred meters, formed by a funnel-shaped snake cave similar to the ancient Roman fighting arena."

"The monsters in the snake pit are all kinds of venomous snakes. Their life defense is weak, but their speed is very fast, and they contain poison. Once the crispy skin is hit, if the Priest doesn't heal it with all his strength, he will definitely die. He won't even be able to pull back the potion!"

Fengxing was anxious. "Then isn't there no solution?"

"Of course there's a way. Otherwise, how can I clear it?"

Qin Luo said calmly.

Fengxing was just about to say something when he was interrupted by the azure threads. She turned her head and looked at Qin Sheng. Her beautiful face caused his heart to tighten involuntarily.

"This strategy is very important. Not only for us, but also for the entire pavilion!"

The green hair said, “I will have Feng Xing contact Yatu regarding this. I believe he will give you a satisfactory price!”

As he spoke, he looked towards Fengxing!

Fengxing nodded and went offline!

Not long after, Feng Xing returned!

"Boss, Brother Yatu said he can bid ten million, or all the wolves' eyes!"

This price!

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked!

10 million?

How generous!

This was a huge amount of money that 95% of the Chinese would never be able to earn in their lifetime. And now, they had earned it with just a few words?

"I…"

The temptation of money almost made Qin Sheng relent immediately. However, when he thought of the latter condition, he swallowed the words he was about to say.

This was obviously a trap!

With such a large force like the Jatu Pavilion, the capital backing them was immense. A mere 10 million RMB was nothing in his eyes.

In comparison, if he could exchange for the potions, props, and skill books in Wu Lin's hands, he would probably be willing to pay tens of millions more.

Perhaps she was afraid that he would not be interested in money, so she made this offer that she could not refuse. She used all her wolf eyes to exchange for the guide.

There was no other way!

Wu Lin's item could greatly increase one's strength, but this was only increasing one person or a few people!

As for the clearance strategy, it could allow many elite members to receive a permanent increase in strength after clearing the level, increasing the overall strength of the pavilion. As the president, he would definitely choose the latter.

"Sure!"

Between the 10 million RMB and Wu Lin's baby, Qin Sheng chose the latter without hesitation. "Deal!"