Chapter 54: Arriving At The Front Line

"This old fellow!"

Qin Luo Sheng's forehead was filled with black lines as he looked at the closed door of the Wu family. He really wanted to rush in and give that hateful old man a good beating!

He had seen people burn bridges after crossing them, but he had never seen someone tear them down so quickly!

One second, they were still negotiating nicely, and the next, they turned hostile!

Is this a dog?!

"Thank you so much for this time. Help me thank Yatu!"

Qin Luo said to Fengxing, "These are your share!"

As he spoke, he traded a third of the consumables!

"No, no, I can't take it!"

Fengxing, who had a dumbfounded look on his face, only came to his senses when he saw the numerous drugs and props that had entered his backpack. He waved his hands repeatedly, wanting to trade them back, but Qin Sheng refused.

"Take it, you deserve it!"

Qin Luo waved his hand. "Without Yatu's full assistance, I wouldn't have been able to get these!"

Fengxing: "But, we agreed to change the strategy!"

"The guide is a piece of cake. It's too simple. It's not worth the price!"

As Qin Luo spoke, he applied for a trade with Fengxing.

Fengxing refused!

Apply again!

Another rejection!

Qin Luo had no choice but to turn around and submit a transaction request to Qing Si.

"Qing Si agrees to the deal!"

Qin Luo was stunned. He was surprised that this girl would agree, but he was not in a daze either. He placed the [Meteor Shower] and [Light Blessing] on it. After thinking for a while, he placed the [Shield Wall] and [Quake Arrow] that Empress Naga had exploded on it to confirm the deal.

"The transaction is successful!"

The four Skill Books were Qin Luo's compensation!

Now, he was at ease!

Otherwise, he would always feel like he owed someone something. It was very unpleasant!

"With these skills, together with the guidelines and potions, we will definitely pass!"

"Yeah!"

Fengxing received the video sent to him by Qin Sheng. He was delighted when he saw the detailed content of the snake cave.

"It's a pity that only people like us can clear this level. Even if the other brothers have a guide, their equipment and skills can't keep up. It's very difficult."

After watching the video, Fengxing could not help but sigh. "The venom of a venomous snake is really too terrifying. There are no good potions that can resist the venom, so we can only rely on priests to heal. Not only is it inefficient, but it also consumes potions!"

"Poison?"

Qin Luo touched his chin as if he had thought of something.

He rummaged through the drawers!

"That's right, this is it!"

[Antidote Potion (Gold Recipe)] Increases poison resistance by 30%, and 100% can remove the effects of poison below Gold rank, weakening the effects of poison above Gold rank!

“What the fuck?”

After sharing the recipe on the team channel, Fengxing was the first to jump up. He grabbed Qin Sheng's arm with teary eyes!

"Boss, sell it to me. You can name your price!"

Even they did not dare to guarantee that they would be able to clear the level with 100% confidence with their strategy, skills, tanks, and Sky Tremor Bomb, not to mention the other members of the pavilion who were far inferior to them!

With this potion, without the threat of the most terrifying poison, the difficulty of clearing the level would drop drastically!

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste his breath and immediately traded the formula over!

Initially, he wanted to keep this for himself. However, he had too many things to do and had no time to learn alchemy.

Furthermore!

Money did not allow it!

If an unaffiliated player did not have the support of any faction, unless they gave up their battle occupation and became a professional alchemist, it was best not to touch these things. Not only would they be distracted, but it would also consume time, effort, and money.

"This…"

Fengxing looked at the formula scroll in his hands and was dumbfounded once again. "Boss, this thing is so valuable. Aren't you afraid that I'll run away with it?"

"It doesn't matter!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged and said with a relaxed expression, "Just take it as returning the favor!"

"That won't do!"

Fengxing waved his hands and said, "Big Boss trusts me so much. If I'm so heartless, wouldn't Brother Yatu want to PK me in person?!! Big Boss, don't worry. I'll contact Brother Yatu now and give you a satisfactory price. I won't let you suffer a loss!"

"One million!" Before Fengxing went offline, Qing Si said, "One million then!"

He then looked at Qin Sheng and asked softly, "Can I?"

"Isn't this too much?"

Qin Sheng, who had the mindset of a loser, was instantly excited when such a devastatingly beautiful woman spoke softly and gently to him. Fortunately, he had a strong willpower and didn't embarrass himself.

"That's the price!"

The green hair said firmly, "If we really calculate it, we are still taking advantage of this price. If we throw this formula on the virtual platform, the final transaction price will definitely be higher than one million!"

"OK!"

Since he had already said so, Qin Luo gestured with his hand, indicating that it was a deal.

This deal was definitely profitable for him!

Perhaps if it was thrown onto the virtual trading platform, the price would be even higher after a fierce struggle, but this was against their original intentions.

In the end, it was all because of his personality!

He did not want to cause trouble or take advantage of others!

Yatu had collected more than ten million wolf eyes for him. He had put in so much effort and used a lot of energy and money. The things he had given before might be enough, but he had obtained even more. As long as he was afraid of comparison, he felt that the benefits were not balanced.

This formula was the final compensation!

He wanted to give it away, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do so. Besides, Yatu wouldn’t approve.

Just treat it as a sale and offer a friendly price!

In fact!

If he could sell it for a million yuan, he would have made a killing!

The formula was good, but it was not easy to refine the potion!

He needed a large amount of materials to crazily spend money to increase his alchemy skills.

Of course, all of this was nothing to the pavilion, and it was merely a small sum of money!

The initial investment was worth it!

Once the antidote was produced, the benefits would be unimaginable.

If it was done well, he could even use it as a strategic resource.

After all, everyone urgently needed to clear the Nightmare Trial Grounds, and the venom of the poisonous snake was the biggest obstacle in their way!

At this time, the value of the antidote would greatly increase!

In a situation where there were few items and demand was high, the Elegance Library that controlled the goods naturally had a huge say!

Money was only the lowest of interests!

The biggest benefit was to make friends and gain favors!

Or strengthen allies and weaken enemies!

"Alright then!"

It was the last thing. Qin Sheng waved and left without looking back. "I have something on. I'll take my leave first!"

…

[Mission Title: Save Wang Damin

[Mission Introduction] As the leader of the defense militia who defended the first line of defense against the monsters, Wang Damin's situation was very critical. He could be killed by the rampaging monsters at any time.

[Mission Details: Protect Wang Damin from Death

[Mission Time] No Limits

[Mission Reward] Skill Book [Meteor Shower] (Reward has been released)

[Failure Penalty] Skill - Random -1, Level reduced by 1, Favorability of Wu Lin -100, Favorability of Old Village Chief Wang to -0.

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

This old punk, Wu Lin!

True Yin!

"What sin have I committed!?"

Qin Luo let out a long sigh.

A Fire Mage Skill Book that did not have any use was exchanged for such a f*cking mission. It was too frustrating!

If he failed the mission, he would even feel like dying!

Cursing all the way, Qin Sheng rushed towards the front line!

After running for twenty minutes, they finally saw the continuous defensive fortifications that spanned the forest!

Before he arrived, the sounds of battle could be heard!

"Not good!"

Qin Luo looked over and saw chaos in front of him. A gap had been breached in the fortifications, and the guards were fighting against the demonized monsters.

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng was extremely anxious. He immediately activated Leopard Stab and Roaming Snake Steps. The two great speed enhancement skills were activated at the same time as he advanced rapidly.

Wang Damin, you must hold on!