Chapter 67: Jungle Book Set 4 / 5

How envious!

The Reputation, Equipment, and Skill Books were still alright. Charm was not important either. The most important thing was luck. That was really good stuff. It affected equipment drop rates, Critical Hit trigger rate, evasion trigger rate, subclass success rate, and so on. It was very useful.

"What a pity!"

Qin Luo sighed.

He had been on World TV three times, but all of them were for killing Bosses. There were no hidden attribute rewards. Correspondingly, they were exchanged for special imprints.

The mark reward was related to the upgrade of talent. He could not release it!

This was a special reward that could increase hidden attributes. Qin Sheng wanted it too!

No one knew better than Qin Sheng how heaven-defying the effects of hidden attributes were!

How much convenience did the charm of the Lord of the Stars give Qin Sheng?

Seeing an NPC directly increase his affinity by 500 points, his relationship with the NPC was upgraded to a heart-to-heart. The subsequent benefits came one after another!

The most direct observation was the High Priest's hidden mission, Village Chief Wang Damin's referral letter (Wu Lin), and appraiser Shi Feng's appraisal discount!

This was only in the beginner village. NPCs only had these!

After entering the city and going to a bigger stage, it was hard to imagine how many other players would dream of having a Max of Charm!

As for the other hidden attributes, Luck, Focus, Toughness, and Enlightenment, once they had a certain amount of value, the benefits they brought would definitely not be inferior to Charm.

"Please appraise the equipment!"

With an indignant and sorrowful heart, Qin Sheng finished appraising the equipment. Then, while the others were immersed in the "Elegance TV" and did not notice him, he quickly slipped away.

Four pieces of appraised equipment!

That's right!

After killing at least a thousand monsters, the appraiser only appraised four pieces of equipment!

The Enchanted creatures at the outermost edge of the forest dropped low-end equipment. The highest they dropped was only black iron. There was no need for appraisal. After the Starlight Miracle Evolution, 99% of them became Bronze-grade. Only a few jumped levels to become Silver-grade!

Qin Sheng had no use for these pieces of trash, so he threw them all onto the Virtual Exchange Platform and marked a price that was not lower than the market price. It was also not a rare item that could be sold as a treasure. Under the huge demand for equipment, they were sold out very quickly and earned a small sum!

As for the zombies in the center of the forest, those disgusting things didn't even explode!

In the end, the Bronze-Armored Zombie, the guardian of the mine in the depths of the forest, the four equipment appraised were all dropped by him!

This time, Qin Sheng was not as lucky as before!

The four pieces of equipment dropped by the Bronze-Armored Zombie were only Silver grade!

Fortunately, there was only silver. Otherwise, Qin Luo, who was so poor that he had to sell his body, would not even be able to afford the appraisal fee!

"Ding! Your equipment has been upgraded successfully!"

Gold!

"Ding! Your equipment has been upgraded successfully!"

Gold!

"Ding! Your equipment has been upgraded successfully!"

Gold again?

"Ding! Your equipment has been upgraded successfully!"

F*ck!

Or gold?

"How unlucky am I?"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a long sigh.

Four consecutive gold coins nearly broke his mentality!

However!

Qin Sheng was overjoyed when he saw the name and attributes of the equipment!

[Jungle Book Hunter Armor]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 10, Physical Class

Effect: Defense + 150, Constitution + 15, Agility + 10

Special Effect: In areas like the forest, defense increases by 20%, body flexibility increases slightly.

Additional Skill: Protection: Consumes 100 Mana Points to create an energy shield in front of the body to withstand 3,000 points of damage (including physical and magic damage). Lasts up to 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Introduction: One of the legendary sets worn by the Forest Hunters. After a set is gathered, under specific circumstances, it can greatly display the physical advantage of wearing it and transform into a Forest Child, becoming the top of the food chain.

Level 10 Gold Armor had strong defense and added 25 attribute points. It was equivalent to five free attribute points for players!

Other than that, the special effects were also very impressive!

Not only did his Defense increase by 20%, it was mainly because of his body's agility!

This was the same as the night vision ability of the [Forest Hunter's Helmet] and the movement ability of the [Forest Hunter's Boots]. They were all special abilities!

Don't underestimate them!

Special abilities were extremely useful in critical moments and special environments!

Additional skills!

At this stage of the game, the number of skills that players could possess was pitifully small. Those that could obtain skill books were even rarer.

Equipment with additional skills would definitely increase the players' combat power. This was without a doubt.

The supplementary skill of [Jungle Book Set] was even more extraordinary!

For example!

[Jungle Hunter's Helmet] 's lousy luck!

The last time he explored the Naga Race's altar, it was because of it that he was able to see through the illusion array and enter the Naga Ancestral Land. He met the Naga Empress and killed her to obtain [Coiling Dragon Water] and [Golden Mark], greatly increasing his strength!

Although the [Protection] skill of [Forest Hunter's Armor] was not as magical as [Remove Delirium], it was still quite useful.

Normal defensive skills would increase a fixed amount of Defense or increase a certain percentage of Defense. However, [Protection] formed a shield that absorbed all physical and magical damage. It was equivalent to having 3,000 health points!

Without a word, he equipped himself and changed out of the Wolfskin Armor that he had worn for a long time!

[Jungle Hunter]

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 10, Physical Class

Effect: Defense + 65, Strength + 10, Agility + 7

Special Effect: Forest and other areas, Attack Speed increased by 20%, wrist flexibility increased slightly.

Additional Skill: Crazy Attack: Consumes 100 mana points, increases attack speed by 50%, lasts for 30 seconds, cool down for 3 minutes!

Introduction: One of the legendary sets worn by the Forest Hunters. After a set is gathered, under specific circumstances, it can greatly display the physical advantage of wearing it and transform into a Forest Child, becoming the top of the food chain.

Another top-notch Gold equipment!

Qin Sheng was not disappointed by the abilities of [Jungle Scamper Hunter] either!

An increase in attack speed and most importantly, an increase in wrist flexibility. To Qin Sheng, who was currently dual wielding swords, the increase in his abilities was not an ordinary increase!

It seemed like there were no changes to his characteristic panel!

However!

In the past, 1 second and 1 second became 1.2 seconds. This could even be considered a qualitative leap!

Especially after activating [Berserk Attack], the increase in Battle Power brought by 50% Attack Speed would become even more obvious!

Ding… You have gathered 4 / 5 [Jungle Book]. You have received Set Attribute: Strength + 5, Constitution + 10, Agility + 5, Spirit + 5, Health Points Recovery + 20 / second, Mana Recovery + 20 / second!

The system's sudden prompt left Qin Sheng dumbfounded!

He never thought there would be such a pleasant surprise!

He was satisfied!

"Oh right, there seems to be another skill book?"

After rummaging through the drawers, he finally found the inconspicuous tattered book in the corner!

[Holy Prayer (Gold)] uses a certain amount of mana to pray to God with a pious heart. Under the power of God, it can revive the bones of the dead! Requirement: Light Priest, 200 points of spirit!