Chapter 62: Darkness Before Dawn

Everyone understood this logic!

However, it was too cruel to just watch as his comrades' corpses were exposed in the wilderness. Not to mention coffins, hides and straw mats, he didn't even bury them. He really couldn't get over it!

"Clear the battlefield quickly. Be it zombies or humans, we must ensure that they are completely dead and deliver a blow to their heads!"

Wang Damin coldly gave the order again. Ignoring the sorrow in everyone's eyes, he took the lead and acted like a tyrant.

Qin Luo Sheng did not move!

He was taking the time to rest and recover his strength!

That battle just now was too terrible!

They were not prepared at all. A large group of zombies suddenly appeared and started a street fight with them, close combat!

Therefore, there were heavy casualties!

More than half of the team had lost members. The rest were all injured!

The atmosphere of despair engulfed the entire team!

Fortunately, they still had faith and no one had broken down yet!

Even the injured!

He was an injured person who knew that his life was coming to an end!

"This is really infuriating!"

Qin Luo, who was hiding in the shadows, looked at the corpses all over the ground. As he looked at the team that was about to die, a nameless karmic sinflame began to burn in his heart.

But what could anger do?

He was not a god after all. He could not save them!

Zombies were indeed not strong, but they did not have intelligence. They only had their instincts. They were not afraid of pain or death. Furthermore, due to the environment, they would not die if they did not attack their heads!

Even though Wang Damin and the others had worked very hard and Qin Sheng had assisted them, there were very few who had died directly!

However…

The scariest thing about zombies was—

Poison!

An incurable virus!

As long as it came into contact with him, even if it was just a little bit, even if it was just a scratch or blood, he would definitely die!

In the previous small-scale battles, everyone witnessed the fate of their companions who were scratched or bitten by zombies!

Once infected, he would definitely die!

After death, they would definitely become zombies!

"Is this the taste of despair?"

Qin Sheng was like a shadow, blending into the darkness as he watched silently without saying a word!

For players like him, no matter how scary the zombie virus was, it was still within the rules. Even if he was hit, he would only lose a large amount of health points and fall into a period of weakness. As long as he had potions, he could completely resist it. Not to mention fighting, at least staying alive was not a problem!

But NPCs were different!

As the indigenous people of the destiny world, they were just like him who had returned to the real world. Here, they were made of flesh and blood. Once they were struck, they could only wait for death!

A special potion could save them, but it didn't!

The power of light from a Grand Priest could dispel the virus, but it would not do so!

This was because the clerics had to maintain abundant stamina and magic power to maintain their peak state. Only then could they seal the mines and prevent monsters from coming out to prevent a greater disaster!

Wasn't their purpose in coming to this godforsaken place to sacrifice themselves?

So!

Even though they knew that they were going to die, they did not break down. In fact, they did not even feel sad. They just quietly stayed in place to rest and recover their strength as soon as possible!

Although they were already dead, at least they were still alive. They still had their own will and beliefs!

He would strive to take a longer path and escort them for a longer period of time. If necessary, he could kill the enemy or use his dying body to create a wall of flesh for his companions!

That would be enough!

…

Nearly two hours later!

After experiencing more than ten battles of various sizes, Qin Luo's group finally arrived at the end—the entrance of the mine!

Qin Luo, who was walking at the very front, turned his head back and looked at his teammates who were less than two digits away. He felt bitter in his heart!

The scouts were completely wiped out!

The soldiers were completely wiped out!

The Heavy-Armored Warriors were completely wiped out!

The hunters were completely wiped out!

Seven priests, two dead!

There were almost a hundred people left in the team. Now, there were only five priests, Wang Damin and his two assistants, and Qin Luo Sheng!

There were only nine of them!

Not even one out of ten remained!

It was too tragic!

“Is this the place?”

Wang Damin took large strides forward. Looking at the dilapidated mine that was filled with dead silence and darkness, his entire body was trembling. "We've finally arrived!"

"Let's begin!"

Wang Damin turned around and looked at the remaining five priests with a solemn expression.

"Thank you, warriors!"

The clerics walked forward for the first time. They passed Wang Damin and the rest and came to the front. "Leave the rest to us. In the name of the Goddess, we swear that even if we run out of magic power and die from exhaustion, we will seal this damned monster here forever!"

"Then, I'll have to trouble everyone!"

Wang Damin nodded and exchanged glances with the two guards. They stood in three directions and surrounded the priests in a triangular formation.

"Is it over just like that?"

Qin Sheng, who was very tired, sat on the ground and poured himself a pot of water. He looked at the deep mine entrance with a doubtful expression. "That demonic creature will really be sealed just like that?"

He did not believe it!

Even though the zombie crowd was extremely terrifying and there were more than ten groups of different sizes, the difficulty of this mission was already beyond the horizon. If it was another player other than him, they would definitely be wiped out on the road and would not be able to reach their final destination.

However…

He had an ominous feeling!

Along the way, there were zombies as a defense line, blocking all living beings that wanted to approach!

And here!

The entrance to the headquarters!

How could there not be a single Guardian?

However…

Where?

Qin Luo looked around.

The surroundings were flat and not a single tree could be used as a cover. It was impossible to hide anyone!

"Am I overthinking things?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little suspicious, but he did not let down his guard. At the same time, he was also eating rapidly, filling up his hunger bar and recovering his strength quickly.

"…"

The obscure and godly chanting was loud and clear. In this silent forest, the sound traveled very far!

The clerics had pious expressions on their faces as the power of light erupted from their bodies. They gathered together and formed a ball of light filled with mysterious runes above them. With this ball of light as the center, energy spread out!

Once the energy surrounded the mine and the light curtain formed, the seal would succeed!

But was it really that simple?

Qin Qin Sheng had a bad premonition!

"The eve of dawn is often accompanied by extreme darkness!"

As the light screen gradually spread out, the completion rate of the barrier seal exceeded 50%. The surroundings were still peaceful without the slightest abnormality. However, Qin Luo Sheng stood up at this moment!

Holding the [Bloodthirst] and the [Coiling Dragon Water] tightly in his hands, Qin Sheng was observing his surroundings with his eyes and ears. His tensed body was ready to take action at any moment, and his mental strength was also concentrated to the extreme, ensuring that he would be able to react immediately if anything abnormal happened.

"Something's happening!"

The sound of wind being torn apart suddenly rang out. In this silent forest, it sounded extremely loud. Qin Sheng reacted immediately and looked towards the source of the sound.