Chapter 68: The Sly High Priest

F*ck!

Qin Luo nearly vomited!

He had worked so hard to complete the hidden quest [Escort of the Priest]. He had almost died, and he had almost fallen into a state of confusion, causing a shadow in his life. After paying such a heavy price, what did he get?

Other than 1,000 Temple Reputation points, there was only this skill book!

And this was a priest's!?

"Forget it, so be it!"

Qin Sheng had to take several deep breaths before he managed to suppress the violent beast in his heart. He waved his hand, and the starlight miraculous energy specks seeped into the [Holy Prayer]. Its grade instantly rose from gold to Epic!

"An Epic Skill Book that belongs to a Cleric should be able to exchange for a house, right?"

Skill Books were not equipment. They could be updated very quickly, and they could accompany players for life!

Especially since [Holy Prayer] was an Epic Super High-Level Skill Book, its value was unimaginable.

"Unfortunately, the requirements are a little high!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and threw the skill book back into his backpack to eat the dust!

200 points of Spirit Requirement. Even if he added all his points to Spirit, and added with the equipment, the highest level player at Level 10 was only 100 points!

Of course, this was excluding talents that could increase one’s spiritual force!

"What is Qing Si's talent? Did she reach the standard?"

For some reason, Qin Sheng thought of Qing Si!

The image of that goddess-like beauty kept appearing in his mind, and his heart started to burn.

Although Qin Luo Sheng had an inferiority complex and knew that he was not good enough for her, this did not stop him from fantasizing. Any normal man would have some thoughts about such a peerless beauty!

Perhaps it was a fairy tale to marry a gigolo!

A toad lusting after a swan?

…

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Yatu' has successfully changed his occupation. As he is the first player to change his occupation, he has received a reward: Luck + 1, Charm + 1, Random Equipment * 1, Random Enhancement of a Job Skill, Reputation 800! This notice! '

Ding…

Ding…

Tsk!

Another reward!

Qin Luo, who was running, clicked his tongue in admiration!

Yatu had really made a killing this time!

Not to mention the rewards, just the fact that he had appeared on the international television twice, wouldn't his reputation and popularity surge?

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Yatu' has successfully changed his job to a Shield Warrior. As he is the first player to change his job to a Shield Warrior, he has received a reward: Defense permanently increased by 10%, Random Job Skill Book x1, Reputation 500! This notice! '

Ding…

Ding…

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

Who bullies others like that?

If I had known that the rewards would be so generous, I would have completed the mission earlier even if it meant risking my life. I would have entered the city first!

He was the first to walk out of the Beginner's Village!

The first official Class Advancement!

The first job change was Shield Warrior!

He had won three consecutive World Television prizes!

Shameless?

Is it really good for the officials to invest so much?

"Sigh! How regretful!"

Qin Luo Sheng was truly jealous this time. He raised his head and looked at the grand temple that was getting closer. He could not help but pray in his heart, "Please, Goddess of Fate, bless the High Priest to give me a generous reward. Otherwise, I'll suffer a huge loss! Thank you! Thank you!"

Entering the Divine Temple, coming to the Divine Palace, Qin Luo Sheng successfully met the High Priest!

“High Priest!”

A shout startled the contemplative High Priest. He looked at Qin Sheng and a benevolent smile appeared on his face. "Child, you're here. Thank you for your contributions to the village!"

“Has the High Priest encountered any difficulties?”

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and accepted the compliment. At the same time, he asked, "If it's about the demonic creature in the mine, Brother Damin has already sought help from the Imperial Court. Very soon, an expert will come. There's no need to be so worried."

"Sigh!"

The High Priest let out a long sigh and shook his head. “There’s no need to worry since there’s an expert from the imperial court here. I’m afraid it’s difficult to save someone from a fire!”

Far water cannot save near fire?

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed!

What did this mean?

Could it be?

"This place is not like a city. It is just a small remote village. There is no Teleportation God Stone here. If the Imperial Court's Demon-Subduing Heavenly Teacher and Demon-Buster Army want to get rid of the evil, the best way is to use the Teleportation God Stone to get to the nearest city first, and then rush here by foot."

Knowing that Qin Luo was puzzled, the High Priest did not wait for him to ask and explained directly, "And the nearest Starlight City is at least three days and three nights away from the village!"

"What about the seal?" Qin Luo could not help but ask.

“Seal? It can only last for a day and a night!” The High Priest sighed. “There’s no time!”

Qin Luo was stunned!

Sacrificing five priests, using their lifetime's power as the foundation, even sacrificing themselves, sacrificing themselves for justice, could they only persist for one day and one night?

“High Priest, all the monsters around the forest have been cleared and the monsters in the mines have been sealed. If we send a god official to strengthen the seal, we should be able to last until the experts of the court arrive, right?”

The High Priest shook his head. “The method is indeed feasible, but unfortunately…”

"What's a pity?"

"Unfortunately, there are no more priests in the temple!"

Qin Luo was thunderstruck!

“That’s exactly what you’re thinking!” The High Priest’s cloudy eyes were filled with pain. “Including me, there are only eight priests in this temple. The rest are all young people who have just entered the temple to serve the goddess. They aren’t pious enough, and their cultivation isn’t high enough to seal such a powerful monster!”

Of the eight priests, apart from the High Priest guarding the temple, the other seven had come out in full force!

Such determination!

Such courage!

Such dedication!

Qin Luo was sincerely impressed!

"Is there really no other way?"

"An idea? Of course there is!" The High Priest looked deeply at Qin Sheng and said, "The only solution now is to take the initiative and strike first!"

Qin Luo asked anxiously, "How do we strike first?"

"There must be a reason why the demonic creature has been hiding in the mine for so many years!" The Head Priest said, "Many Taoist masters have entered the mine before. Even though they have not eliminated the demonic creature, they have found some clues. The demonic creature was sealed in the deepest part of the mine by an expert!"

"Now that the demonic creature is getting restless, it must be that the seal is about to be broken. With the demonic creature's ability, the seal that can restrain him must be extraordinary. As long as he doesn't break free, he will be suppressed for one day and will not be able to use 100% of his strength!"

“We can’t count on the imperial court’s troops to make it in time. We can only save ourselves. Unfortunately, with our current strength, we’re no match for that demon.”

"The only way is to take the initiative and enter the mine before the seal is completely broken. When he is not in a good condition, we will eliminate him first."

Qin Luo was stunned!

Looking at the High Priest’s meaningful gaze, he cursed in his heart.

This was not a hint, but a clear indication from Chi Lou!

Entering the mine to kill monsters?

F*ck!

“High Priest, you’re so evil!”

Isn't this clearly sending me to my death!

If that thing was so easy to kill, wouldn't it have been destroyed by those so-called Taoist masters long ago? Would it still be alive today?

"I'm just a level 10 small fry player, aren't you overestimating me by giving me such a difficult task?"

Qin Luo Sheng was cursing madly in his heart.

He wanted to refuse, but he couldn't bear to.

The High Priest was clearly planning to give him this mission with a slim chance of survival. If he didn’t accept it? Fine! Then he could forget about the reward for investigating the source of the demonic energy!

‘ What?’

Unconvinced?

Sure!

Anyway, the mission reward did not specify what it was. I can just casually give you a piece of trash equipment. Here's the mission reward!

What can you do?

He had the final right to explain, so he could do whatever he wanted!

“Does the High Priest have a suitable candidate? I wonder if I’m qualified?”

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth. "Even if I'm not strong enough, I still have the heart to rid the world of devils and protect the Dao. Even if I have to risk my life, I'll definitely get rid of this great harm for the village and return peace to everyone."

“Good child, I knew I wasn’t wrong about you!” The High Priest smiled brightly like an old fox. “I can feel your enthusiasm. Then, I’ll leave this difficult task to you!”

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng suppressed the urge to punch the High Priest and nodded his head heavily.

"Ding, your hidden mission [Investigating Demonic Qi Source] has ended. You have entered the next stage [Exterminating Demonic]. Please proceed to the mission panel to check!"