Chapter 66: Yatu Enters The City

It was late at night!

Qin Luo Sheng took off his gaming helmet and placed his hand on his forehead. Lying on the bed, he did not get up for a long time!

Even though he had returned to the real world, his mind was still filled with images of what had happened during the escort mission. All sorts of images flashed past!

The reason why people were human was because of one word: heart!

The heart was emotions!

Humans were not like animals. They had rich emotions. Other than instinct, they were more emotional!

Perhaps Qin Sheng was the kind of person who was more emotional than rational. Even though the terminal equipment had a device that could weaken the influence of the game, he still remembered clearly what had happened. Now that he thought about it, it was still so shocking!

For example, Hu Zi's ravings before his death, his simple and pure wish!

For example, the generosity, fearlessness, lofty faith, and spirit of sacrifice from the priests!

They were virtual data, but they had human nature and divine nature. In a sense, they were also people, real people!

This was a spiritual baptism!

At least, Qin Sheng had learned a lot and grown a lot!

From the start, he did not treat Fate Dimension as a virtual world. Now, it was even more so!

"It's a little uncomfortable!"

Qin Sheng stood up, pulled open the curtains and looked up at the starry sky. He stood still like a statue.

"It's still not strong enough!"

After a long while, Qin Sheng let out a long sigh and clenched his fists. "If they were stronger, we would be able to protect them well. Then, there wouldn't be so many casualties. We could even break into the mine and kill the demonic creature that caused all this tragedy, ending everything!"

"In the end, he's still too weak!"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat depressed. "I'm just a little warrior who hasn't even officially changed my profession. What's the use? Even if I can rely on cheating this time, what about in the future? The monsters I meet in the future will definitely be stronger, more evil, and more treacherous. What will happen then? I'll just replicate everything that happened today!"

"Weakness is sin!"

"The root of all evil is the lack of power!"

"When you have absolute power and the ability to crush everything, then the so-called sin will cease to exist. Because your will is destiny!"

Soft starlight shone down from the stars, illuminating Qin Sheng's eyes!

"As the saying goes, one thought becomes Buddha, and one thought becomes Devil. Only under the premise that you have absolute power can you be qualified to choose whether to become a Buddha that saves lives or a devil that kills and destroys worlds."

"Strength is the only thing that is eternal!"

"I don't want to experience what happened today again. That feeling of helplessness is really annoying!"

"I don't want to be a god that rules over everything in this world, but I must have the power to rule my own fate!"

"I must become stronger!"

…

The next day!

Qin Luo, who had slept his fill, woke up and looked at the alarm clock on the bedside table with sleepy eyes. It was already 10 in the morning!

Rubbing her eyes, she got up slowly!

After washing up, he took his phone and keys and went out for breakfast!

A tray of buns and a bowl of porridge!

Simple but very nutritious!

Qin Sheng was not in a hurry to go home after finishing his food. Instead, he took half an hour's walk in the small park in the district before returning home.

Close the door, close the windows, draw the curtains, turn on the air-conditioner, get into bed, and put on the equipment!

Enter the game!

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the Beginner's Village!

Yesterday, the Grand Priests chose to sacrifice themselves to seal the monsters with their lives while he and Wang Damin chose to retreat.

Wang Damin went to the military camp and reported the news to the Imperial Court!

He brought the news back to the village and informed Village Chief!

His mission had come to an end. The rest was up to them!

"It's time to go to the temple!"

He flipped open the mission panel and looked at the hidden mission [Investigate Demonic Qi Source]. Qin Sheng was very excited when he saw the words [Completed] displayed below.

How long had it been?

The mission that had entered his mission panel since level 1 was finally completed!

Beep beep beep…

Just as Qin Luo was hesitating whether to go to the temple or the appraiser's Bronze-Armored Zombie equipment, his communicator rang.

He opened it!

"Brother Weeping Soul, you're finally online!"

It was from Yatu!

"What can I do for you, Brother Yatu?"

Qin Luo replied.

"I'm already level ten and preparing to enter the city. Brother Weeping Soul, do you want to come along?"

Yatu replied quickly.

"Level 10?"

Qin Sheng was stunned when he saw the message!

Initially, he thought that Yatu was either thanking him for yesterday's incident or that the Nightmare Trial Grounds were too difficult for him to seek help. He never expected it to be this!

"So fast?"

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

He knew very well that the EXP required to reach Level 9 to Level 10 was a huge sum!

Furthermore, Yatu was only Level 8 yesterday. How did he reach Level 10 today?

"We started at midnight today. We cleared the Nightmare Trial Grounds three times in a row, and only then did we reach Level 10!"

Yatu explained.

Qin Luo Sheng finally understood!

No wonder!

Originally, the Nightmare Trial Grounds' difficulty had doubled!

In addition, this newbie dungeon was created by the officials to help new players level up and solve the problem of how many monsters there were in the newbie village!

So!

There were really many monsters in the first three checkpoints in the Proving Grounds. It was a good place to level up!

Yatu and the others had spawned three times in a row. With such a huge amount of experience, it was not surprising for them to reach Level 10!

Tsk tsk!

What a bunch of useless idiots!

It was crazy enough to go from dawn to noon!

There was no need to talk about men. It was normal to stay up late to cultivate, but Qing Si and Mu Mu, the two beautiful girls, were also like this. It was truly a bit unexpected.

Didn't they say that women cared about their skin the most?

Was playing games all night really dumb?

Eh!

Something doesn't seem right!

It's almost 12 now?

Wasn't that 12 hours?

Didn't the game company set a time limit of 10 hours per day?

Qin Luo asked, but Yatu's answer made him speechless!

"Oh, because we are all gaming capsules. We have two more hours of gaming time than normal gaming equipment!"

F*ck!

Damn rich people!

Qin Luo Sheng would never admit that he was jealous!

An ordinary connecting device terminal, which was the one he was currently using that looked like a motorcycle helmet, was priced at 5,000 RMB. It was the lowest end!

The gaming capsule that Yatu mentioned belonged to the highest category. Not only was it more realistic, but it also had many other benefits. However, the price was—100W + RMB!

Tycoon!

"I still have a mission to complete, so I can't go for now!"

Qin Luo replied gracefully, "Congratulations to Brother Yatu for becoming the first player in the world to walk out of the novice village. With this, Brother Yatu Pavilion will become famous throughout the world!"

"Hahaha… Thank you so much, Brother Weeping Soul. If not for your guide and the items you generously gave us, we wouldn't have been able to clear the dungeon so easily!"

Yatu was also very happy. His usual calmness and laughter were so loud that it hurt Qin Sheng's eardrums.

"Alright then, I won't waste Brother Weeping Soul's precious time!”

After laughing, Ya Tu continued, "It's almost time for the game. I'll make a move first. If Brother Weeping Soul has any problems, contact me anytime!"

"OK!"

After hanging up, a few seconds later, the system notification sounded.

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Yatu' has successfully arrived at level three city—Star Glory City, becoming the first player to walk out of the novice village. Reward: Luck + 1, Charm + 1, Random Equipment * 1, Professional Random Skill Book x1, Reputation 1,000! This notice!

Ding…

Ding…