Chapter 60: Zombies Attack

Hu…

Qin Luo took a deep breath!

He looked at them, at Wang Damin, his expression serious, his tone resolute. "I understand! -- I will do my best, I will not fail my mission!"

"By standing here, we have already lost our lives! We can die, but what we die for is worth it. We must carve out a bloody path for our family, our descendants!"

Perhaps knowing that Qin Sheng did not feel good, Wang Damin patted his shoulder again to express his comfort. He then said in a deep voice, "After accepting this mission, we never thought of coming back alive. Our only wish is to completely seal that damned demonic creature!"

"Our strength is limited, but you are different!"

"I know your ability!"

"This trip will be fraught with danger. We will definitely suffer heavy losses, or even be completely wiped out!"

"We're not afraid of death, but before we die, we must ensure the safety of the clerics and send them to the mine in one piece!"

Wang Damin raised his head and looked around before continuing,

"Scouts scout ahead, hunters stand guard, soldiers kill the enemy, heavy armored warriors defend, do your job!"

"And you are a free man. I will not restrict you!"

"Under the premise of ensuring your own safety, you can do whatever you think you should do. Remember, your safety is the priority!"

At this point, his voice became even deeper!

"This is a war, a cruel war!"

"Once we embark on this path of death, it is equivalent to entering the battlefield!

"On the battlefield, do not let your emotions affect your decisions!"

"Everything depends on the mission!"

"As long as you are alive, we have hope!"

"Even if we all die, I believe you can bring the priests to our destination!"

“In fact, even if the priests die, you must live.”

"Because you have the ability to completely destroy that damned demonic creature. Even if you can't do it now, you can in the future! So, you can't die!"

Wang Damin looked at Qin Sheng deeply and said firmly, "You are our last hope!"

A resounding voice reverberated!

It was like the evening drum and morning bell, deafening and unending!

"Hu…"

Qin Sheng exhaled heavily when he felt the trust and encouragement in the eyes that were focused on him.

No words!

But his expression was more serious than ever, and he promised inwardly:

I will not let you down!

…

The forest was dead silent!

Even though it was daytime, due to the influence of the dark power, sunlight could not seep in. Even though it was not pitch-black, visibility was very low.

Qin Luo was different!

He was like a fish in water!

It was not because of any special reason, but because the [Jungle Scamper Helmet] and [Jungle Scamper Boots] on him had been activated!

This thing was indeed magical!

He felt like he had returned to his home with just two pieces!

As expected of the special equipment that could become a Son of the Forest and the top of the food chain after wearing it!

Awesome!

Unfortunately, there were only two sets. If he could gather five pieces, tsk tsk!

"Attention, there's a situation!"

At this moment, the scout in front suddenly made a hand gesture. Wang Damin, who was extremely nervous, immediately warned in a low voice.

"Is he here?"

Qin Luo Sheng gripped his two swords tightly. He was already unable to endure the thirst!

Along the way, he had encountered many troubles!

However!

The attacking monsters were simply too weak. They were simply unable to arouse his interest.

How strong could there be in the periphery of the forest?

It was nothing more than the usual Demonized Ferocious Beast, but it had been further strengthened. Basically, its strength was not lower than a 1-star Elite. Of course, they were all top 10!

Level 10 Elite monster!

Normal players would indeed find it troublesome if they encountered it. It was impossible to fight one-on-one. If they formed a full team, there was still some hope of solving it!

However!

In the eyes of Qin Sheng, this weak chicken monster was no different from a level-one Chicky!

It was also because of him that the team was heavily injured. Other than two scouts who had been ambushed while scouting, the rest of the team did not even have a single scratch on their skin, let alone death!

"Humanoid monster?"

The dim light could not hide Qin Luo's eyes. He squinted and looked over, only to see a group of staggering monsters walking towards them. They looked no different from humans.

"What is it?"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart trembled!

He knew that this was the real beginning!

The demonized beasts in front were not even appetizers. The thing that was protecting the demon in the mine was still hidden in the dark and did not appear!

Now, they were here!

What a pity!

He could not see clearly!

The deeper they went into the forest, the weaker the light and the lower visibility!

Normal players would only be able to see three meters around them!

And he—

Although he had the special effect of the [Jungle Book Hunter's Helmet] and his vision would be improved in the forest, this improvement was rather limited!

"Alert!"

With a loud shout, Wang Damin took the lead and sheathed the large sword in his hand back into the scabbard at his waist. Then, with a stretch of his hand, he took down the longbow on his back and pulled out an arrow from the quiver. With a forceful pull, he drew the bow fully and aimed it forward!

"Everyone, don't panic. Maintain the formation!"

Since he had been discovered, Wang Damin no longer lowered his voice. His loud and clear command reached everyone's ears. The ruckus that had just happened instantly died down.

"Don't attack for now, I don't know if you are friend or foe!"

The monster moved slowly, one step at a time. Not to mention an adult, not even a child could match its speed.

It was also because of this that they did not threaten the operation team. Furthermore, they were in human form and could not be seen clearly from this side. In order to avoid accidental injuries, no one attacked without permission.

Of course!

Just because he didn't make a move didn't mean that he wasn't vigilant!

At this moment, everyone was holding their weapons tightly and ready to attack. They were just waiting for the order to be given or to confirm that they were enemies and not friends. Then, their thunderous attacks would immediately fall.

"We can't wait any longer!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and glanced at Wang Damin. He nodded at him, indicating for him to guard the surroundings and prevent sneak attacks. Then, he quickly ran forward.

He basically did not have much hope!

After all!

Since they were so close to the enemy's lair, 99% of them could confirm that they were enemies and not friends!

Indeed!

When Qin Luo got closer to take a look, his face instantly turned livid when he saw this group of staggering creatures. He could not hold it in and nearly vomited!

[Zombie (2-star Elite)]

Level: Level 10

Health: 5000

Attack: 480

Defense: 50

Speed: 50

Skills: [Death Virus] [Undying Body]

Introduction: Humans infected by a special virus are supposed to die. Due to the virus, they become immortal and wander around. They crave blood and flesh. They will hunt down all living things!

Zombies?

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered!

F*ck!

It was this thing!

No wonder!

He was wondering why there were humans in such a place?!

If it was a zombie, it would make sense!

Judging from his attire, he was obviously from a nearby village.

Unfortunately, after dying tragically in the Dark Forest, not only was there no one to collect his corpse in the wilderness, but he was even used by the monsters that killed him. He became a walking corpse, a lackey, a defense line to stop his family and friends from advancing!

"Since you're so pitiful, let me send you off!"