Chapter 65: Sacrifice

"I—can't accept this!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared madly in his heart!

At this point, the mission had failed!

So disgusting!

Who could accept this?

At this moment, he was extremely regretful!

He regretted that after activating Leopard Rush, his speed and evasion had completely surpassed the bronze-armored zombie, but he still didn’t dodge the attack, causing him to be hit in the head and fall into a dizzy state.

He regretted that he had abandoned it in his backpack because of the negative attribute reduction effect of [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] and was afraid of the side effects of its ability. As a result, he had no choice but to end up in this situation.

"It's over! I'm sorry!"

Qin Sheng closed his eyes as he watched the claws of the bronze-armored zombie and Wang Damin getting closer. He could not bear to watch anymore.

At this moment, a gust of cold wind suddenly blew, ruffling Qin Luo's hair and the cape behind him!

"Right, I still have it!"

Qin Luo abruptly opened his eyes, his pupils filled with the joy of surviving a calamity!

There was hope now!

"Spiritual Light, activation effect 3!"

Instantly, the silver moonlight cloak emitted specks of starlight that gathered into a ball the size of a pellet and entered Qin Sheng's glabella.

"Ding… 5 Spiritual Lights consumed. Dizziness effect removed, 3,000 Health Points recovered!"

(Consumes 5 Spiritual Lights to eliminate all negative effects and instantly recover 3,000 Health Points)

+ 3000!

Under the effect of the Spirit Light, Qin Sheng instantly regained his clarity and added 3,000 Health Points to his health bar which had fallen to the bottom.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

The skill was activated and its speed increased exponentially!

Qin Luo Sheng was like a cheetah, yet also like a bolt of lightning. His shadow moved along with him, and just as the claws of the bronze-armored zombie were about to pierce through Wang Damin's chest and dig out his heart, he arrived instantly.

"Get lost!"

With a furious roar, Qin Sheng threw away the [Bloodthirst] and gripped the hilt of the [Coiling Dragon Water] with both hands. The veins on his arms bulged as he gathered all his strength and swung his sword upwards with all his might!

"Chop!"

Boom!

Violent power erupted. Under this brazen attack, the bronze-armored zombie's body directly flew into the sky!

"Hu…"

Qin Luo took a deep breath as he watched the bronze-armored zombie being forced to stay in the air for 3 seconds!

Enduring the soreness in his muscles, he picked up Bloodthirst and used Heavy Slash and Second Successive Slash to kill the bronze-armored zombie!

"Let's end this!"

Qin Sheng activated his Probing Skill and glanced at the Bronze-Armored Zombie, only to discover that it only had less than 20,000 health points left. He took a deep breath and prepared his skill. Instantly, the [Coiling Dragon Water] shone brightly!

"Give me a taste of my own medicine!"

"Just now, the 5-second stun made me suffer a crushing defeat. I have all my strength but nowhere to use it. Now, I will return the 3 seconds stun to you!"

"I won't give you another chance!"

"You're going to die with the BOSS's explosive skill!"

Every Boss would explode once when they had 20% health points!

The higher the grade of the Boss, the more frequent the explosion would be!

The Bronze-Armored Zombie was a Gold Boss. According to common sense, it would have at least two outbursts!

He had already used it the first time. Five seconds of dizziness and three claws in a second. Even if he had been hit by a wall, he had almost died!

And the second time!

Qin Qin Sheng would not give him another chance!

I'll kill him in three seconds!

"Extreme Speed… Thrust!"

The [Coiling Dragon Water] sword was sharp and exuded specks of cold light. Under Qin Sheng's control, it was like a dragon diving into the sea, sharp and unstoppable as it swiftly stabbed towards the immobile bronze-armored zombie!

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

The sword edge arrived instantly!

In just one second, five sword strikes were launched!

Fast, extremely fast!

It was so fast that people were dazzled. They could not even see the attack clearly. They could only see countless afterimages flashing past!

However!

The most terrifying thing was not just this lightning fast attack speed!

Five strikes in a row. It was not unusual for a sword to hit its target. Even if the bronze-armored zombie did not become a live target through the air, with Qin Sheng's speed, he would not have the time to dodge at all!

However!

These five consecutive strikes had actually hit the same spot. The latter strike had perfectly pierced through the wound from the previous strike, not deviating in the slightest. It was like a fantasy story!

Qin Luo had done it!

It was simply unbelievable!

This insight!

This control!

Unparalleled!

Crack!

There was a soft sound!

Under Wang Damin’s inconceivable gaze, the copper-armored zombie’s indestructible body actually released a cracking sound. With the sword wound on its chest as the center, as if it collapsed, dense cracks appeared!

The bronze-armored zombie's body was shattered?!!

-6,488!

-6,486!

-6,392!

-6,504!

-6,454!

The stagnation effect was over!

The bronze-armored zombie had fallen!

At this moment, the damage caused by Rapid Rapid Stab was displayed!

Absolute Critical Hit, with a fixed 100% damage, each strike dealt over 6000 damage. Only less than 20,000 Bronze-Armored Zombies had their HP bar emptied!

Ding… you have successfully killed Gold Boss: Bronze-Armored Zombie. EXP gained: 65W + Reputation: 650! '

"Ding, you have learned the technique 'Exploding Noodles'. Skill: Rapid Thrust, upgraded to Level 2!"

"Ding… Congratulations on completing the hidden mission [Investigating Demonic Qi Source]. Please head to the Divine Shrine's High Priest to receive your reward!"

"Ding… Congratulations on completing the hidden mission [Save Wang Damin]. Reward has been given!"

"Ding, congratulations on completing the hidden mission [Escort Priest]. Reward: Temple of Destiny Reputation + 1000, Skill Book: Holy Prayer!"

NICE!

Exhausted, Qin Sheng heard the continuous notifications from the system. His lips curled into a gratified smile.

It was not in vain that he had worked so hard. Now, he had finally tasted the fruits of victory. Everything had finally paid off!

"Barrier, rise!"

The bronze-armored zombie was dead and there were no more obstacles. The clerics did everything they could and soon finished setting up the barrier!

"Jie jie jie jie jie…"

Just as Qin Luo thought that the matter had finally come to an end, something unexpected happened.

"Pfft!"

An indescribable cold laughter suddenly sounded. A ball of dark energy came out of nowhere from the sealed mine, rampaging and shaking the barrier. The priests, who had exhausted their magic power, spat out a mouthful of blood under the impact of this huge force. They were dispirited and fell to the ground.

"Oh no, the monster is awake!"

The Grand Priest's expression changed drastically, and he quickly sat up. Ignoring his exhausted magic power, he overdrew his life and continued to chant incantations to strengthen the seal.

"The calamity is coming! The calamity is coming!"

The Grand Priest, who was vomiting blood non-stop, had a gloomy look in his eyes. He said sorrowfully, "When a demon descends into this world, it is impossible to escape the calamity. The purgatory of the human world has reappeared, and it is unavoidable that people will be plunged into misery and suffering. Their bones will be exposed in the wild, and there will be no cries of chickens within a thousand miles!"

The faces of the god officials were filled with pity!

"Take it!" The Grand Priest took out a jade tablet and threw it to Wang Damin. He ordered, "Bring the news back to the High Priest!"

"Take care!"

Wang Damin had a look of sorrow on his face. He gripped the jade tablet tightly and bowed deeply to the clerics. Then, he supported Qin Sheng and the other assistant as they strode away without looking back.

"Everyone, let's begin!"

The Grand Priest said calmly.

"I don't dare to ask for your permission!"

"After cultivating for dozens of years, I am finally in the arms of God!"

"I have long been enlightened by serving God!"

"With the Dao as my heart, I bear witness to myself!"

The clerics laughed heartily.

Five rays of white light soared into the sky, carrying the cultivation of the five priests, all their life force, unyielding will, and the most sincere faith, directly entering the seal barrier.

In an instant, a brilliant light bloomed like a beautiful white lotus blooming!