Chapter 63: Bronze-Armored Zombie

"Ah…"

His shrill scream made Qin Luo's heart stop.

He turned around!

He was instantly stunned!

They saw a ghostly shadow shrouded in darkness. At this moment, it was holding a fresh heart in one hand and lifting up a brawny man that weighed about two hundred pounds with the other, burying his head in his neck!

“Hans!”

Wang Damin roared, shocked and furious. Ignoring his injuries, he controlled his weak body and charged forward with his sword.

"Don't… come here!"

Hans, who was being held up, had blood dripping from the corner of his mouth and his eyes were bloodshot. He wanted to struggle, but he was being held down by an unknown monster. He was like a chicken with no strength at all. All he could do was take his last breath and shout at his brother who wanted to come over and die.

However!

Wang Damin wasn't listening at all!

Not going over?

How was that possible!

That was his brother!

They were childhood friends!

They were comrades who had risked their lives together!

How could they just watch him die?

Previously, for the sake of the mission and the big picture, he could be cold-blooded and heartless. He did not even bury the corpses of his comrades who had sacrificed themselves. In order to prevent them from turning into corpses, he even blasphemed their remains and killed them.

Who knew what kind of grief he had to make these decisions!?

Now!

Mission accomplished!

He no longer wanted to be a calm butcher. He wanted to be himself and follow his heart, even if the price he had to pay was his life!

So!

He unsheathed his sword without hesitation!

It was not only to save Hans, it was also to redeem himself!

Bang!

A loud bang!

Hans’ corpse was thrown aside by the demonic creature and smashed heavily into Wang Damin’s body, blocking his path forward!

“Bastard!”

Looking at his brother who died a horrible death, Wang Damin's eyes instantly turned red.

"Be careful!"

The hearts of the people were in chaos. The people were stunned, but Qin Sheng did not!

Far away on the other side, he could clearly see that the demonic creature that had killed Hans immediately changed its target. Its gaze locked onto Wang Damin, and its ghostly claws rapidly attacked.

"Crap!"

Wang Damin, who was awakened by Qin Luo's roar, was frightened. He raised his head and looked at the ghastly claw that was emitting evil and dark power. He was terrified and instinctively wanted to retreat!

However!

Hearing the incantations coming from behind him, he paused!

After Hans’death, the three-man defense line was immediately torn apart. The priests, who were focused on setting up the sealing barrier, were exposed to the demonic creature without any defense!

Now!

He was here!

In place of Hans’ position, he was the final line of defence!

He could not retreat!

Even if he knew he was going to die, he would use his body to block that monster, even if it was only for a second!

"F*ck!"

Wang Damin was determined to fight to the death!

At the very least, Qin Sheng understood it instantly!

He was furious and anxious!

Wang Damin was different from other NPCs. To him, there was a special meaning!

Yu Gong, Wang Damin was the leader of the civilian army and the son of the village leader. He was an official NPC and had a special status. He had to mediate the subsequent clearing of the monsters in the mines and send people to help. He could not let anything happen to him here!

For personal reasons, the village leader, Old Man Wang, and the alchemist Wu Lin had taken good care of him. This was a debt of gratitude. Wang Damin had also reminded him many times to wake him up at crucial moments so that he would no longer be confused. This was a kindness of guidance. Also, Wang Damin's life was also related to a hidden mission of his.

Whether it was public or private, Wang Damin, Qin Sheng, was guaranteed!

“Instant Slash!”

Qin Sheng turned into a stream of light and appeared in front of Wang Damin in an instant. The [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Bloodthirst] crossed each other and blocked the incoming ghostly hand.

"Probing Skill!"

[Bronze-Armored Zombie (Gold Boss)]

Level: Level 10

Health Points: 80,000

Attack: 750

Defense: 800

Speed: 130

Skills:???

Introduction: Zombies are not in the six realms of god, immortal, human, demon, devil, and ghost. They are abandoned by the living beings of heaven and earth. They are born with resentment and feed on blood. They are immortal and indestructible.

Zombies?

This guy was actually a zombie?

Qin Qin was in disbelief.

No wonder!

Earlier, this fellow had dug out Hans’ heart. However, he did not eat it like a zombie. Instead, he threw it away in disgust and buried his head into Hans’ neck. It turned out that he was sucking blood!

-274!

[Coiling Dragon Water] blocked the ghost claw, and [Bloodlust] seized the opportunity to follow the activation of [Instant Slash]. With a fierce slash, it struck the bronze-armored zombie.

Clang…

Sparks flew!

At the same time, a huge force rebounded. Qin Sheng lost his balance and the [Bloodthirst] in his hand was almost knocked away.

"F*ck, isn't this too hard?"

Ignoring the pain from the wound between his thumb and index finger, Qin Luo Sheng stared blankly at the damage number that appeared above the bronze-armored zombie's head, his mouth twitching.

[Instant Slash] was not just a 10-meter long sniping skill. It also had 200% damage and a certain chance of stun!

The stun was not triggered!

But this 200% damage!

Less than 300 Health Points?

Was this a f*cking steel plate?

As a level 10 Gold Boss, even though the Bronze-Armored Zombie's attributes could not be compared to the Naga Empress, it was completely different from the Naga Empress. It was simply a nightmare for the Physics Department!

Health Points were extremely high, as high as 800 +!

His defense was super strong, even higher than his attack!

He was a meat shield!

“Do I have to use the Thunderfall Symbol and Divine Flame Symbol?”

Qin Luo was somewhat unwilling.

Along the way, he had used up most of his stock in order to cover the team. Now, he had nothing left.

This kind of high-quality consumable item was meant to be used on the blade.

And the bronze-armored zombie?

Even though lightning and fire were his nemesis, he was not worthy!

"Step back, let me do it!"

Qin Sheng landed on the ground after roaring at Wang Damin and kicked the bronze-armored zombie heavily. Following the recoil force, he temporarily avoided the sharp edge and avoided the vicious claws of the bronze-armored zombie.

[Bloodthirst] Attack 931!

[Coiling Dragon Water] Attack: 1460!

Yes!

The attack surpassed the Bronze-Armored Zombie's defense. At least it could break through its defense!

However!

This guy's health points were too high. Even though based on the attribute panel, victory was certain, the battle was not only based on the attributes, but also more factors.

For example…

Stamina!

Qin Sheng had already been exhausted after experiencing so many dangers and battles of all sizes. His remaining stamina simply could not support him for a long time.

Therefore, he could only choose to end the battle quickly!

The Bronze-Armored Zombie's total health was only 800 +!

Very thick!

It was also very brittle!

The Sky Tremor Bomb, which evolved by a miracle of starlight, had 1000 + True Damage each. The Divine Fire Talisman and the Thunderfall Talisman would deal even greater damage due to their attributes!

If he used up all the remaining props, he could at least reduce the Bronze-Armored Zombie's health points by half!

The remaining half?

Haha!

Do you think I don't exist?

800 points of damage!

He still had 32 cans on him!

If all of them were thrown out, how much health points would the Bronze-Armored Zombie have?

At that time, just a few slashes would be enough to kill him!

However!

This price was too great, not worth it!

"As long as we have a solution!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and waited with rapt attention. "Let's fight first. If it really doesn't work, we can only use props!"

It didn't matter if the props were gone!

However, he had to protect Wang Dalin. He could not let anything happen to him!

After completing Wu Lin's hidden mission, he might even have a chance to buy back the money. In fact, if Wu Lin was happy, he would not even need to use the wolf's eyes and just let him spend it for free!