Chapter 64: Life And Death Struggle

Open!

"Berserk!"

Ding… you have activated Berserk. Increase Physical Attack by 10%. -5% Physical Defense. Duration: 30 seconds! '

"Encourage!"

"Ding! You have been affected by Encourage. Physical Attack increased by 5% within 1 minute!"

Attack + 15%, check!

Again!

"Berserk Potion!"

"Ding, drink the Berserk Potion and increase your physical attack by 20% within 5 minutes!"

"Poison Quenching Potion!"

"Ding, your single-handed sword [Bloodthirsty] has successfully tempered poison. Attacks will have poison damage within 3 minutes!"

Attack + 20%, attack with poison, check!

Continue!

"Sirius!"

Ding… your Attack Power has increased by 100%, Critical Strike Chance by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

"Leopard Tu!"

"Ding, your speed has increased by 100%, evasion has increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds!"

Attack + 100%, Critical Hit + 100%, Speed + 100%, Dodge + 100%!

Finally—

"Activated: Li Water!"

[Coiling Dragon Liquid] immediately glistened with water. After the Liquid Strength was activated, all of its attacks turned into water-type attacks. With the addition of the Liquid Strength, there was a chance of reducing the bronze-armored zombie's water resistance. Furthermore, the Liquid Strength was added to its body, causing its body to become heavier and thus slow down its movements.

"Come on!"

After a series of enhancements were completed, Qin Sheng did not use it except for the Demon's Blood Sacrifice. This was his current peak state (attack). What he wanted was to deal the greatest damage to the Bronze-Armored Zombie in the shortest time possible and reduce it to a level where he could use the prop for an instant kill!

"Berserk Strike!"

With a heavy slash, the [Coiling Dragon Water] arrived in a flash with violent power. The sharp edge of the sword collided with the tough body of the bronze-armored zombie, producing the sound of metal colliding.

-3,9420!

Explosion! Split!

The insane 30,000 plus damage directly reduced the Bronze-Armored Zombie's health by nearly half!

Qin Luo was stunned!

Even he did not expect that the bitter battle he had thought would be such a dramatic crushing!

His right hand, which already had 1460 Attack Points, was doubled by the Skywolf after a 35% increase, reaching 3942 Attack Points!

Following that!

The 500% damage from Berserk Strike and Skywolf's Critical Hit!

It was equivalent to ten times the damage!

Chapter 3942: * 10?

39,420!

Poor Bronze-Armored Zombie. The battle had just begun, and its health points had already decreased by half!

This was not all—

Ding… [Li Water] effect is effective. Bronze-armored zombie water resistance -1%. Affected by the weight of Li Water, body coordination -1%! '

Awesome!

With the weakening of water resistance, the [Coiling Dragon Water] could deal even greater damage each time!

The weakening of one's coordination did not only affect one's speed, but also one's agility, reaction speed, attack speed, and many other aspects. It could be said to be a complete weakening!

Coupled with the heavy damage from the Berserk Strike, all attributes were reduced by 10%!

The bronze-armored zombie was basically crippled!

Qin Sheng did not manage to dodge in time after his attack succeeded. He chose to take the hit head-on against the Bronze-Armored Zombie's attack and lost more than 800 health points on the spot. With more than 10,000 health points, this bit of damage was nothing.

However…

"Ding, you are poisoned. 100 Health Points will be deducted every second for 30 seconds. If the Zombie Poison takes effect on you for 3 minutes, you will be assimilated into a Zombie and die instantly!"

F*ck!

Qin Luo's face turned green at the system's prompt!

It turned out that not only was its blood thickness and defense high, the bronze-armored zombie also had such a trump card!

This was even harder to deal with than zombie poison!

At the very least, the zombie poison would only reduce the user's HP. However, there was a time limit to it. Once it exceeded that limit, the user would be killed instantly!

“Heavy Slash!”

"Double Slash!"

He attacked from both sides and used two skills, leaving a "10" scar on the Bronze-Armored Zombie and cutting off more than 13,000 HP!

Exchanging injury for life!

With the massive threat of the zombie poison, Qin Sheng was even more determined to end the battle quickly!

If she did not take advantage of such a violent increase in power to finish off the enemy as soon as possible, was she thinking of eating him?

Bang!

Another claw!

Qin Luo Sheng's head was smacked and he saw stars. His vision gradually blurred and his mind went blank!

"Ding! You have been stunned for 5 seconds!"

Damn you!

When it rains, it pours!

At such a critical moment, he was stunned for five seconds!

-861!

-798!

-1644!

The bronze-armored zombie naturally wouldn't be polite to a target that couldn't move.

Although Qin Luo Sheng's body was stiff, his attack speed was rather abnormal. In a second, three claws fell and one critical hit took out Qin Luo Sheng's almost 4,000 health points. His health bar was directly emptied by a third!

Fuck!

Qin Luo was burning with anxiety!

He had lost a third of his HP in one second. If he was stunned for five seconds, wouldn’t he just die?

"Do I have to use the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice]?"

Qin Luo was somewhat hesitant.

Nothing else!

The last time he used [Demon Blood Sacrifice], it had dealt a severe blow to his senses!

Not only did it hurt deeply, but the side effects were too terrifying!

This was not a traditional mouse and keypad game. No matter what the game character did, it would not affect him.

This was a virtual reality game!

Players entered the virtual world through brainwaves. In other words, "Weeping Soul" was equivalent to a body, and Qin Luo was a soul. He entered this body that existed in the virtual world and carried out a series of adventures.

[Demon's Blood Sacrifice] 's negative emotions were directly used on the soul, which was to attack the brain waves. It would be imprinted in his consciousness and cause a very serious effect.

"No, it hasn't reached that stage yet!"

Qin Qin Sheng rejected it!

He did not want to become a lunatic or a criminal.

Unless absolutely necessary, he would never use the [Demon Blood Sacrifice]!

As expected, this thing would basically be sealed by him in the future, and it would be very difficult to see the light of day again!

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

The moment of hesitation, the second wave of attacks from the bronze-armored zombie came!

This time, he was lucky that he did not trigger the Critical Hit. However, he had lost 3,000 health points!

"There must be another way!"

Suppressing the temptation of using the [Demon Blood Sacrifice], Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and persisted.

However, what awaited him was another three claws!

His Health Points dropped again. It had already dropped to a little more than 10%!

There were still two seconds to the stun!

The situation was becoming increasingly precarious!

As expected, in the next second, he would die miserably at the hands of the bronze-armored zombie!

"Do you want to use it?"

At this moment, Qin Sheng was still hesitating!

However, before he could get an answer, something unexpected happened!

"Stop!"

Wang Damin, who was standing guard at the side, finally couldn't take it anymore. He handed the responsibility of protecting the Guardian Official to his last brother and rushed forward with his sword, wanting to save him.

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng's pupils dilated!

Seeing Wang Damin coming up to die like an idiot, he wanted to stop him, but because the stun effect was still there, he couldn't make a sound and was powerless.

"No!"

Then, he saw the bronze-armored zombie turn around and lock onto Wang Damin. Instantly, his eyes were filled with pain!

"The Devil's Whisper!"

([Devil's Whisper] Passive effect: 30% chance of immunity to control. Active effect: After activation, the Devil's Whisper will allow you to maintain a clear mind and be absolutely immune to all control. It will last for at most 30 seconds. After the effect ends, you will be in chaos for 1 minute! Cooldown: 30 minutes!)

In the face of danger, Qin Sheng no longer hesitated. He had no other choice but to activate the supplementary ability of the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] to remove the control and save Wang Damin!

However—

There was no reaction!

“What happened?”

Qin Luo was stunned!

"Damn it!"

He checked and realized that he was not wearing the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice].

“Is this the end?”

Qin Sheng's heart was filled with unwillingness as he looked at Wang Daimin, who was about to die under the claws of the bronze-armored zombie!