Chapter 61: Mental Transformation

"Kill!"

An angry roar!

A sword gleam!

A corpse!

Qin Sheng was the first to attack!

With one strike, he killed a zombie!

He turned around!

Looking at the vast expanse of walking corpses, he roared out explosively once more, as if he was insane!

Why was there such an abnormal behavior?

Courage!

That's right, he was emboldening himself!

There was no special reason, but—

It was too disgusting!

This real zombie was countless times more disgusting than the ones on TV!

Especially when he was in such a sinister environment, the visual impact, and the sense of smell were superimposed on each other. The terrifying coefficient was directly maxed out. The chemical reaction produced was simply incredible!

If it were a timid person, they would probably be shivering so much that they could not even lift their sword. They might even wet their bed in nightmares at night.

To be able to take the initiative to attack, Qin Luo was already extremely daring!

Luckily, zombies were disgusting, but they were not strong enough!

Apart from having a good attack power, everything else was trash!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless piercing sounds could be heard!

Just as Qin Luo's second sword landed, the densely packed arrows had already arrived, shooting all the zombies in their faces!

"Urgh…"

Qin Qin Sheng lived up to his expectations and finally spat it out!

Nothing else!

The zombies that were shot into sieves were covered in rotten flesh and smelly organs!

The scene and the smell were indescribable!

Having lived in a new era, when had he ever encountered such a terrifying biological weapon attack?

He vomited instantly!

"Ah…"

Just as Qin Luo was puking his guts out, a series of screams came from nearby.

Suppressing his disgust, he raised his head and saw a muscular man with blood dripping from his chest. In front of him was a zombie with only half a body left. His shriveled hand was holding a beating heart!

His heart had been ripped out!

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils constricted as he thought of the zombie skill [Immortal Body]!

"Attack their heads!"

He roared loudly, his voice traveling far.

Because of his carelessness, a person had already died. He did not want others to follow in his footsteps!

He didn't die in a fair battle, but he lost his life because of this. It was really not worth it!

Hearing his voice, the panicking crowd found their backbone and attacked the heads of the zombies that had revived!

Soon, all the zombies were killed!

However…

Everyone looked at the man lying in a pool of blood in silence!

"Hu Zi! Hu Zi!"

Wang Damin ran over, threw down his greatsword, and half-knelt on the ground, hugging the man whose heart had been ripped out, his tiger eyes filled with tears.

"Big Brother Damin, I can't take it anymore!"

Blood trickled down the corners of Hu Zi's mouth as he said weakly, "Once… you… are… done… with… your… duties!"

"Don't worry!"

Wang Damin held his hand and said sadly, "I will! I will!"

"…I really want to bring… Ah Xia and… Xiao Hu… to the peach… forest… to see… the… peach blossom… blooming…"

His voice was barely audible.

Qin Luo Sheng stood at the side, his face as dark as water and his eyes slightly dimmed!

Many of Hu Zi's good friends, childhood playmates, and even his blood relatives surrounded him, looked at him, and listened to his final moments before death. They could not help but sob!

"Good brother, don't worry. Your family will be our family in the future. We will take care of your old parents until they die. We will raise your child until he grows up to be a man like you!"

Wang Damin gently touched Hu Zi's eyelids, covering his eyes that no longer had any light. He closed his eyes for him and said in a sobbing voice, "Go in peace!"

"Continue forward!"

After quickly digging a hole and burying Hu Zi's corpse, Wang Damin composed himself. His expression became resolute once again as he waved his hand. "Let's go!"

"Sorry, it's me…"

Qin Luo was filled with guilt and did not dare to look at the faces of the people around him.

He didn't remember the immortal body of a zombie!

It was his fault for not reminding the zombies that their weakness was their heads!

Hu Zi's death!

He was responsible!

The tears that everyone had sent off earlier and the sorrowful atmosphere had deeply infected him. He could not help but recall the sorrow of the death of his loved ones!

Only after experiencing it and experiencing it would one understand the pain. Only then would one be able to understand the bitterness and sorrow. He really did not want to think about it for the rest of his life!

Once again, he truly understood why the officials had announced that this was a real world!

Hu Zi's dazed murmurs before his death and his simple wishes allowed him to witness greatness and extraordinariness, shocking his soul!

Their bodies might be formed from data, but how could they be treated as virtual NPCs?

At least, Qin Sheng could not do it!

"Raise your head!"

Wang Damin's voice was filled with anger. This was the first time that Qin Sheng had seen him so angry. "Don't apologize. There's no need to apologize either. Ever since we stepped in here, we've treated our lives as if they were gone. I'm like this, Hu Zi is like this, and so are they."

"You can blame yourself, but not now!"

"We don't even know how long we can live. If you want to apologize, you can do so after completing the mission!"

"Now, cheer up!"

“This is only the outermost area of the mine. Those undead monsters are only the weakest line of defense. I wonder what is waiting for us behind.”

"You are our greatest reliance on this trip. If you collapse, we will be finished."

“Do you understand?”

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shook as he took a deep breath to suppress the sorrow in his heart!

"I understand!"

Holding Bloodthirst and Coiling Dragon Li Water tightly, he said in a deep voice, "Thank you!"

"Don't thank me!"

Wang Damin said coldly, "I'm saying this once. Everything is based on the mission. For this, you can give up everything, including our lives!"

"I hope you understand that behind us are dozens of villages and millions of villagers! We can't afford to lose!

"Hu Zi is dead, and this is just the beginning. I don't know who else will be sacrificed in the future, and I might die as well. I'm not afraid of death. As long as you need me, I won't hesitate to use my life to pave the way for you!"

Qin Luo was silent!

Then, he said in a hoarse voice, "Let's go! Let's continue forward!"

…

Another great battle!

Qin Luo Sheng used beast skin to wipe off the blood on the sword and sat down expressionlessly. He took out a piece of dried meat and stuffed it into his mouth, gorging himself!

"Don't dig a hole!"

Wang Damin, who had messy hair and injuries on his body, stopped his subordinate's actions. He said coldly and ruthlessly, "Save your energy. Don't do meaningless things!"

“But…”

The person who dug the hole wanted to retort but was pulled back by his companion. He immediately shut his mouth and stopped what he was doing. He could not bear to look at his comrade who had just fought together and had lost his life. He closed his eyes in pain.