Chapter 69: Hidden Class: Shadow Warrior

“High Priest, since the demonic creature is so fierce, even if I have the heart of a fist, I am weak and cannot be its match. My life alone is not enough for me to cherish. I fear that the great matter will be wrong and cause the demonic creature to escape and bring disaster to the world. At that time, it will be difficult to atone for its sins!”

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the system notification!

The mission was already in his pocket. Was he afraid that it would run away?

With a sincere expression, he bowed and cupped his fists, his voice choked with emotion. His words were powerful and resonant. Besides the cunning High Priest, the other young priests were all moved by his heartfelt words.

The High Priest had a faint smile on his face!

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were burning with determination!

Hmm!

They were all experts!

You forced me to submit with your open schemes and sent me to my death in the mine!

It's alright!

Me too!

I will also pressure you with open stratagems. Let me go. Sure, come, give me the benefits first. Otherwise, there's no need to talk about it. Also, you have to give me enough benefits. Otherwise, if you don't work hard, or choose a mule and quit!

Hur!

Everyone was a vixen. You were an old fox and I was a little fox. Why were we having this conversation?

"Weeping Soul Warrior, since you are so determined to repay your country with your fists, I, this old man, will naturally cooperate with you to help you destroy the evil demons and save thousands of people, returning victorious!"

The High Priest chuckled and helped Qin Sheng, who was bending over to carry his luggage, up. He said in a meaningful tone, "This matter is of great importance and involves millions of lives. The Divine Temple will definitely do their best. I believe the Weeping Soul Warrior will not disappoint us, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng could hear the underlying meaning of the bowstring. This was clearly a warning given to you. If you dare to be negligent, then don't blame me for being impolite.

"If I don't succeed, I'll die trying!"

“Very good!” The High Priest nodded in satisfaction.

His goal was simple. He wanted to destroy the sinister devils!

As long as it was a result, regardless of the process!

Right now, there was no time for the higher-ups to take care of things, and there was no one to use below. Only this brat in front of him could be used.

So what if he was worried?

At this point, he could only take a gamble and bet on the treasure!

Otherwise!

He could only wait for death!

"Since that's the case, we shall await your triumphant return!"

With a wave of his hand, a flash of white light entered Qin Sheng's glabella. At the same time, an ancient sheepskin scroll appeared in his hand.

Ding… Congratulations on triggering the hidden condition. You have received the highest reward for [Investigating Demonic Qi Source]: Hidden Job Scroll x1. Bonus BUFF: Holy Blessing! '

"Ding, your mission [Exterminate the sinister devils] has changed. Please check the mission panel!"

Qin Sheng's face was filled with joy at the system's prompt!

Hidden Class!

It was indeed a hidden occupation!

Even though he had guessed it many times in the past and was mentally prepared for it, when he really obtained it and the dust settled, his mood was completely different!

After bidding farewell to the High Priest, Qin Sheng could not wait to leave the temple. He found an empty corner and took out the tattered sheepskin scroll that represented his hidden occupation with burning eyes!

After using [Hidden Job Scroll (Shadow Warrior)], one could change their occupation to [Shadow Warrior]. Requirement: Melee Physical Class, Strength 300, Agility 300!

"Shadow Warrior?"

Qin Luo's breathing stopped!

Just from the name alone, there was a hint of it. Looking at the Class Advancement requirement, Strength 300, Agility 300, Qin Luo Sheng was even more certain that this was definitely an agility warrior, or a shadow-type assassin!

What was an Agility Warrior?

As the name implied!

Agility-type warriors focused on speed, with attack and frankness as support!

Shield Warrior, a tank that focused on defense!

Berserker, a warrior who focused on attacking!

Where was the agility warrior?

There was no obvious distinction!

Agility Warriors were a game developed by the players themselves. It was also what they called themselves!

At one time, it was called a crooked path and despised by orthodox warriors!

Of course, this was referring to Earth from his previous life!

Qin Luo had yet to see any news about agility warriors in the parallel world of the blue planet!

However!

I believe it won't be long now!

This kind of gameplay would definitely be developed and be popular!

The truth would emerge from practice!

On Earth, agility warriors were quite popular, proving that the path of agility warriors was feasible!

Why?

Nothing else!

The characteristics were too obvious. The gameplay was more varied!

Compared to the clumsy Shield Warriors, who could only be beaten up as a target, the Berserker was brave and fierce, charging through the enemy lines like a brute, while the Agility Warrior was graceful, elegant, and swift.

His appearance broke away from the fixed image of a "muscular man" and a "boorish man" that players had of the Warrior class. In addition, his playability was higher, his mechanics were more profound, and his chances of creating miracles were higher. Therefore, he was deeply loved!

Are Agility Warriors really that powerful?

Not exactly!

To put it bluntly, Agility Warriors were not particularly magical!

In terms of functionality, he was actually similar to Bandits in many ways. They were both high agility and high strength in close combat, that was all!

The difference was the location!

Bandits were the ambushes, assassinations, ambushes, and instakill crusty players. They were very important in teams like Priests and Mages. They were the spokesmen for the decapitation strike!

Agility Warriors were different!

The agility warriors did not know how to hide or assassinate. They relied on their high agility and high evasion state to engage in a battle with the enemy!

If you hit him, it would be very difficult to hit him. Even if you hit him, it would not be as easy to kill him as killing a Bandit instantly. After all, Agility Warriors were still Warriors, and their Health Points were naturally higher than other jobs!

If you don't fight, he will cling onto you tightly, making it difficult for you to move an inch, making you fall into his rhythm, being played by him, unable to help your teammates, unable to integrate the formation, if you don't pay attention, you might be slowly ground to death like the Boss!

That's right!

It was so disgusting!

Qin Luo Sheng was an experienced warrior, an elite player!

The reason why he added all his Strength in the early stages was because he was killing monsters above his level. His attack power was insufficient and he could not even break the defense of the monsters!

Now!

Due to the heaven-defying ability of the Starlight Miracle, he was gradually satisfied with his equipment. Therefore, he was already approaching the Agility Warrior!

The most direct observation was that the Free Attribute Points given by the recent upgrade were all added to Agility, not Strength!

The attributes of monsters were much better than players, especially Bosses!

Whether the players could win or not depended on perseverance!

Only by surviving would they have the right to attack!

At this moment, strength was not the most important thing. More importantly, the upper limit of his health was high, ensuring that he would not be insta-killed. He was extremely fast, ensuring that he would not be continuously attacked!

Agility Warrior, perfect match!

"Come! Let me see how powerful the legendary hidden occupation is!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng tore open the invaluable tattered sheepskin scroll in his hands!

Physical and Melee jobs, satisfied!

Power: 300 points, satisfied!

Agility: 300 points, satisfied!

All three Class Advancement conditions were met!

Instantly, the sheepskin scroll broke apart and turned into ashes that dissipated between the heaven and earth. The ball of light containing the power of the [Shadow Warrior] 's inheritance directly entered Qin Sheng's glabella!

Instantly!

A large amount of memories suddenly appeared in his mind!

At the same time, the system's prompt sounded beside his ear!

Ding… congratulations on changing occupation: Shadow Warrior, Reputation + 500! '