Chapter 71: Cruel Mission Punishment

[Shadow Slash] LV1, 0 / 1000, consumes 50 Mana. Activates on a single target, dealing 150% damage, and has a chance to add Bleeding effect! Cooldown: 3 seconds!

An ordinary skill!

It was the same as a normal warrior's heavy slash!

However!

It was a Shadow Warrior skill after all. Its damage was higher and it had an additional chance of bleeding. Its cooldown time was only 3 seconds!

This skill!

Lacking mana, high damage, short cooldown!

All three conditions were in place!

Overall, it was not bad. At least 90 points!

With the Shadow Slash, Qin Luo would be able to get rid of the awkward situation where he had to fight evenly!

[Shadow Spike] LV1, 0 / 1000, consumes 100 mana, activates on a single target, dealing 150% damage. If the target is the enemy's back, the damage is doubled, and there is an additional 1 second stun effect! Cooldown: 5 seconds!

Assault + Control!

Good skill!

It was hard to imagine that this was just a small skill, a small skill with a cooldown of 5 seconds!

Shadow Stab was similar to the Backstab of Bandits. It could be seen that the Shadow Warrior was indeed a combination of Bandits and Warriors!

[Shadow Assault] LV1, 0 / 2000, consumes 100 mana to launch a surprise attack on a single target within a three-meter radius, instantly appearing beside the enemy! Cooldown: 10 seconds!

This was not a damage skill, but a sudden movement skill, or rather, a surprise attack skill. It was used to break through the heavy armor class and get close to the brittle back row!

Shadow Assault was similar to Instant Slash. It was a weaker version, but it could coordinate with Shadow Stab and create a combo that could control the enemy for one second. It was very strong!

[Shadow Concealment] LV1, 0 / 3000, consumes 200 Mana Points, enters the shadows, deceives the enemy's line of sight. After entering this state, Speed: -80%, attacked and actively attacked. Effect removed, lasts at most 60 seconds! Cooldown: 5 minutes!

There was nothing else to say. A different kind of Bandit was lurking, the best choice for sneak attacks and assassinations!

[Shadow Escape] LV1, 0 / 5000, Effect (1) consumes 500 Mana, transforms into a shadow, and teleports anywhere within a 5-meter radius! Cooldown: 3 minutes! Effect (2) consumes 1000 Mana. Within a 3-meter radius, one can escape into the shadow of the enemy, immune to all physical and magical damage. Lasts up to 5 seconds, Cooldown: 10 minutes!

"Double effect skill?"

Qin Luo was pleasantly surprised!

This skill was amazing. It was worthy of being called [Escape]!

The first escape was Flash Escape, which allowed him to teleport. Although it was not as insane as [Space Jump], it was very useful in actual combat and very practical!

The second escape was evasion. Avoid invincibility and hide in the shadow. What can you do to me? Whether it's magic or physics, what can you do to the shadow? There's no solution!

[Shadow Clone] LV1, 0 / 5000. Costs 1000 mana. Creates a clone with 50% of the main body's strength. Can be controlled by AI and commanded! Lasts up to 5 minutes! Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Clone!

It could attract, block a knife, scout ahead, die…

Only you would not be able to think of it, and no one else could!

[Shadow Trick] LV1, 0 / 10,000, consumes 100 Mana per second. Can control the enemy through the shadow. Whether or not the enemy can control the enemy will depend on their mental strength! Cooldown: 1 hour!

What?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes!

There was actually such a skill?

If he could control others through his shadow, wouldn't that mean he had to go to heaven?

This could not help but remind him of a famous character in an anime called One Piece from his previous world. He used a special thread to control the enemy like a puppet, allowing him to do whatever he wanted without resistance!

Although the shadow cantrip was not that powerful and had great restrictions, requiring extremely high spiritual power, its effect was already very BUG. Qin Sheng did not dare to ask for too much!

This skill was a godly reversal skill!

[Berserk Shadow Slash] LV1, 0 / 50000, locked onto a target or an area (maximum, 5 * 5), turned into an afterimage and rapidly killed. Speed increased by 1000%, and every slash would deal 200% damage for 5 seconds! Cooldown: 5 hours!

Unique skill!

This was definitely a unique skill!

Tears streamed down Qin Luo's face!

It was a hidden job after all. Finally, a Warrior player also had an AOE (AOE Mass Damage) skill!

Qin Sheng arrived at the end of the journey after he finished reading the Shadow Warrior's skill with excitement.

The five Grand Priests who had turned into light particles and fused into the seal could not help but sigh as they looked at the Falling Mine which was enveloped by the white light.

"Whether we live or die depends on this wave!"

His gaze shifted to the entrance of the mine. Under the evil aura emanating from it, it was like an abyssal mouth waiting for its prey to come knocking. Qin Sheng took a few deep breaths before he suppressed the fear in his heart and opened the mission panel.

[Mission Title: Eliminate the evil demons

[Mission Introduction] The source of the demonic Qi that affected living beings has been investigated clearly. It is confirmed that it was caused by the dark power of the sealed demonic creature that broke into the mine many years ago. For the safety of tens of thousands of commoners, we must kill the evil demons and stop the dark power from spreading.

[Mission Details] Seal or Kill the Devil in the depths of the mine

[Mission Time] Two days

[Mission Reward] 10,000 Merit Points, 3,000 Reputation Points, permanent ownership of the Shadow Warrior vocation???

[Failure Penalty] Level: 0, Newbie Village Reputation -5000, Shadow Warrior Class Deprivation, Talent Recycling

What the heck?!

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes!

He stared at the [Failure Penalty] column and his eyes nearly popped out!

“Damn old bastard!”

In his mind, he could not help but recall the benevolent face of the High Priest and the look of pity in his eyes. Qin Sheng almost bit his teeth into pieces.

The little fox was not as sly as the old fox!

The older, the wiser!

"Aren't you forcing me into a corner?"

Qin Luo was no longer calm. For the first time, he felt a sense of regret.

Nothing else!

The punishment for failing this mission was too severe!

Putting aside the fact that his Hidden Class had been taken away, he could still accept it even if his heart ached. After all, he still had the chance to find other Hidden Class in the future!

However, it was not right to clear Level 0!

That would be a direct hit back to square one!

He was already one step behind Ya Tu, and now he was still fooling around in the beginner village. If his level was gone and he started from the beginning, he would truly fall into a quagmire and would forever be suppressed by the first line.

These were still acceptable!

What made Qin Sheng the most unacceptable was—talent recovery!

This was a fucking drastic measure!

Without the Lords of the Stars, wouldn't this be a complete collapse?

Everything about Qin Sheng was built on this SSS super-god talent. Without it, he was finished!

"Bastard!"

When he thought of his current situation, Qin Luo could not help but curse angrily. If it were not for the fact that he could not win the game, he would have wanted to run back and fight it out with that damned old fox.

Even if you want to scam others, you shouldn't do it this way!

To think that I respected him so much. Tsk, I must be blind!

"It's a little—uncomfortable!"

Qin Luo let out a long sigh, his heart filled with complex emotions.

What was done was done. So what if he was unwilling?

This was a mission with a time limit. He could neither escape nor hide. What else could he do other than fight?

"Is this the value of a hidden job? I finally have a direct understanding of it!"

There was naturally a reason for such a severe punishment of failure.

The mission reward was a comparison!

From here, one could see the value of the Shadow Warrior!

"Since there's no way out, let's do it!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the entrance of the mine with a solemn expression. He took out Bloodlust and Coiling Dragon Water and held them tightly as he strode forward. "Let me see what you are hiding in the darkness!"