Chapter 79: Before The Final Battle

Health: 1142 / 100,000

One point!

Just a little bit more!

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely unwilling!

If it continued for another one or two seconds, or if the environment was not water-free, the battle would have ended!

However!

It was enough!

"You only have 1,000 HP, what else can you do?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked disdainfully at Zhang Xin, who had already gone berserk. Together with him, they raised the weapons in their hands.

You have Saber Ray, I also have Sword Qi!

Die!

“Mad… Shadow… Absolute… Kill… Kill!”

His body moved like lightning, turning into an afterimage!

He easily dodged the dozens of blade auras that Zhang Xin had released. They surrounded him, left, right, left, right, and charged madly!

1000% increase in speed!

Qin Luo Sheng had already found it difficult to control his own body. Fortunately, the shadow warrior's special ability was present, allowing him to not lose control!

One slash!

Second slash!

In just two slashes, Zhang Xin's remaining health points were completely depleted. He held his broadsword tightly and half knelt on the ground without saying a word. His cloudy eyes lost their light!

Ding… congratulations on killing Demon-Buster Great General—Zhang Xin. You have received 80W experience points and 300 Reputation! '

The enemy had been destroyed, and Qin Luo Sheng had also removed the [Mad Shadow Death Slash], recovering from the afterimage!

Bang…

The explosion was like a fairy scattering flowers!

Qin Luo, who was almost paralyzed from exhaustion, immediately straightened his body when he saw this!

"It's not easy!"

Tears welled up in Qin Luo's eyes. "I've finally met a normal monster that can drop equipment!"

Outside the mine, not even the hair of the zombies exploded. Only the ultimate guardian of the mine—the bronze-armored zombie, exploded!

Inside the mineshaft, the decaying miners and fallen soldiers did not explode. Only Zhang Xin had exploded!

Wasn't this specially arranged by the f*cking dog system? What should I eat during a live broadcast?!

Qin Luo Sheng was indignant!

However!

Looking at the starry sky in front of him, he decided to spare the dog system for the time being.

"Ding, your game time is about to end. Please go offline within five minutes. Five minutes later, the system will activate and force you to go offline!"

Qin Sheng:…

What a bucket of cold water!

Forget it!

It just so happened that he was exhausted, so he went offline to take a good rest to replenish his energy. He would meet the mastermind tomorrow!

With a sweep of his hand!

Qin Luo did a carpet search without sparing a single copper coin. He placed all the spoils of war that Zhang Xin had dropped into the storage space of the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon!

"Let's go!"

After confirming that he had missed nothing, Qin Luo walked to a corner and went offline!

Buzz…

Just as Qin Sheng's figure disappeared, the lifeless corpse of General Zhang Xin rippled and a transparent figure slowly appeared!

…

In the real world!

America!

At an underground base!

"Professor Hawkins, we have an order from the White House!"

The soldier knocked on the door. After obtaining permission to enter, he lowered his head and handed the order book in his hand to the handsome blond man in a white coat. He said respectfully, "The president hopes that you can act quickly!"

"I got it!" Professor Hawkins was tall and powerful, like the Apollo in mythology. However, his personality was the opposite of his appearance. He was gentle, polite, humble, and refined. He was not like a scientist, but a medieval European aristocrat, a famous scholar from ancient China.

"Please inform the president and the congress that I will produce results as soon as possible!" After reading the order book, Hawkins said to the soldier, "There is progress in this matter. It will take some time. Please calm down, Mr. President. Everything will belong to America!"

"Yes!"

The soldier raised his head and puffed out his chest. His heart was filled with excitement. He saluted seriously and left to deliver the message!

The door closed!

"What a bunch of shameless bastards!"

Hawkins, who had been wearing a warm smile on his face, suddenly turned gloomy. He crushed the command book in his hand into a ball and threw it into the trash can. He sneered and said, "Greedy and selfish fools. They always think that they can control everything. In fact, they are as stupid as swine!"

"However, I can't fall out with you just yet. After all, it's hard to find another person who can provide such good research conditions. Isn't this America? The so-called overlord of this planet!"

Hawkins had a mocking look on his face. "It's a pity that hegemony is already waning. The era of humanity's true evolution is about to arrive. State? In front of the new humans who have truly evolved, no, it should be said that in front of God, they will also be reduced to ants!"

"Right? My lovely Alice!"

No one answered Hawkins. The science fiction research lab was silent!

However!

Hawkins, who was immersed in the beautiful fantasy of becoming a god, didn't notice that the golden-haired girl, who had been sleeping for ten years in the water bottle he called Alice, had her eyelids tremble imperceptibly!

…

The next day!

The sky had just turned bright!

Qin Sheng, who was lying on the bed, opened his eyes and woke up!

She canceled the set alarm, got out of bed, and washed up.

"The decisive battle is finally here!"

The cold water moistened his face as he looked at himself in the mirror. Qin Sheng clenched his fists and cheered himself on. "All the best!"

Initially, he was not confident. Now that he had encountered the Demon-Buster Great General Zhang Xin, he was even less confident!

Too powerful!

Zhang Xin, the gatekeeper, was already so powerful. The power of the mastermind was unimaginable!

Even though he had a trump card that he had yet to use, all for the sake of today's battle, he was still uncertain in his heart!

Trump cards were effective at critical moments!

However, if he did not even have the qualifications to fight against them, his so-called trump card would only be a joke.

That's right!

Qin Qin Sheng now suspected that he was not even qualified to fight against the mastermind!

In the past, he had looked at the statistics to compare!

However, after the battle with Zhang Xin, he understood the importance of fighting style and battle experience.

Zhang Xin, who only had his combat instincts left, had been attacking all the time except when his health points dropped by 20%!

One slash!

A sweep of the blade!

Turning complex into simple!

Return to simplicity!

This was a killing technique honed on the battlefield, refined to the extreme!

Abandoning all fancy and unnecessary details!

Every move was aimed at the vital points!

It was like a battle machine!

"The newbie encountered the devil king. What sin did I commit!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled bitterly!

To be able to beat Zhang Xin, it was completely relying on cheating!

Zhang Xin did not have any consciousness and only had the battle instincts left in his corpse. Even so, he was still beaten up badly. If it was not for the Shadow Warrior's heaven-defying strength and the high-level equipment that he had obtained through cheating, he might not even have had the chance to use skills to kill Zhang Xin.

“Forget it, don’t think about all of that. This battle is unavoidable anyway. If I think too much about it, I’ll fall into a quagmire and deny myself. It’s already extremely difficult to begin with, and once my battle heart is shattered and my battle intent vanishes, then I’ll truly have no chance at all!”

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng tossed his messy thoughts out of his mind. He grabbed a towel to wipe the water off his face before returning to his room to change into a set of clean clothes. He picked up his phone and keys before heading out to hunt for food!