Chapter 75: Official Voice, Mastermind Test

[Identity tag—*]

Type: Cards

Effect: Record identity

Introduction: Military nameplate used to record a soldier's identity.

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded!

Such a thing dropped?

What was the use?

He searched his surroundings once more, but still found nothing. Qin Sheng instantly gave up.

Were monsters that were as strong as Gold Bosses really that poor?

System, aren't you too shameless?

Not even a strand of zombie hair would explode!

Miner hair doesn't even explode!

Even fallen soldiers were like this now?!

Shameless!

"This d * mn system is really impressive!"

Qin Luo Sheng's head was hurting a little, but there was nothing he could do about it. In the end, he could only console himself. "Forget it. It's not important whether I'm equipped or not. The main thing is that I like to fight. As long as there's improvement, everything else is just fleeting clouds!"

Continue!

With the experience of facing an enemy once, Qin Luo was like a fish in water!

The following battle could be said to be one-sided!

Later on, he had gradually adapted to the changes brought about by the shadow warriors and had more or less honed his skills. Qin Luo Sheng had also attracted two fallen soldiers at once, or even three, or even four. While pursuing efficiency and killing to save time, he was also constantly stimulating his potential and testing his limits.

One and a half hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng finished off the last enemy with a single sword strike. He turned his head and looked at the five corpses on the ground, breathing heavily.

This was the first and last time he had faced five fallen soldiers at once, because the tunnel to the mine had reached its end.

Possessing him, he picked up the five nameplates that recorded his identity!

It did not look like it was used, but Qin Sheng did not believe it!

Since the system had arranged for this thing to drop, then it must have something to do with it. Anyway, with the 1000 backpack slots of the Phantom ribbon, it was very spacious, and it didn’t lack the locations of these dozens of nameplates.

"Has the experience points exceeded that much?"

Opening his stats window, Qin Sheng took a glance at the EXP bar and looked at the display: 88,6741 / 500,000. He sighed. "I have to complete the mission as soon as possible and get out of the Beginner's Village cage! Here, I will forever be restricted to level 10, unable to grow. To obtain higher achievements and see a more beautiful scenery, I still have to enter a bigger stage."

"Tomorrow! At most, tomorrow!"

Qin Luo counted in his heart and made up his mind. "Today, we will settle the matter of the mine cave and the game time will almost be over. Tomorrow, we will go to the trial grounds in the abyss mode. Whether we succeed or fail, tomorrow will be the last day in the Beginner's Village."

However!

Could it really go smoothly?

A trace of gloominess flashed across Qin Luo Sheng's face!

Plans could not keep up with changes!

If this mission failed, everything would be for naught!

After returning to level 0, his hidden job was confiscated, his equipment dropped, and his skills were forgotten… All his hard work over the past few days had been in vain!

These were all trivial matters!

The most terrifying thing was the source of everything—the Lord of the Stars. This super-god talent that allowed him to surpass other players would also be retrieved by the system after the mission failed!

When that time came, he would be like a bird with broken wings, unable to fly again, completely cut off from the future!

"Don't be affected!"

Qin Sheng shook his head vigorously and tossed all his distracting thoughts out of his mind. At this moment, there was already no way out. Thinking about this now would only throw himself into confusion and affect his battle spirit instead.

"No matter what kind of evil demon I'm about to face, I'll definitely slay it with my sword!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with determination as his fighting spirit boiled!

He really had to risk his life!

If one were to advance, the light would shine brightly, and the sky would be vast!

If he retreated, he would fall into a bottomless abyss!

He even encountered such a thing as transmigrating. He was the Son of Heaven's Will, how could he be destroyed by a beginner village's Boss?

…

In the real world!

Shanghai!

At a luxurious villa!

"This time, it has really blown up!"

Lin Yatu kept scrolling through his tablet. He looked at the row of big shots sitting on the screen with different skin colors, different nationalities, and different ages. He smiled bitterly.

This was a press conference!

The press conference held by Fate Corporation that was in charge of managing Fate Dimension!

What was the theme?

Was there a need to ask?

Of course, it was the “Weeping Soul” incident that had just caused an uproar!

Initially, because of Weeping Souls, the Chinese players had appeared on the international television multiple times and dominated the screen. This had already caused the players from other countries to be envious and jealous. They had attracted too much hatred!

Now!

Because he, Lin Yatu, was the first to leave the novice village and was the first to change his occupation, he once again made China famous and shocked the world!

China had been glorified. The other countries were jealous!

The Chinese players were happy, but the players from other countries were not!

Anger!

After a little gathering, it was on the verge of exploding!

Then!

Within a few minutes!

That bastard Weeping Soul Beast was once again here!

Instantly!

The accumulated anger exploded!

Jealousy was dominated by anger and the entire world was in chaos!

The first to bear the brunt was naturally Fate Corporation's officials!

The Fate Corporation officials were also very aggrieved. The mainframe operated the World of Destiny. They were just working to help with some trivial matters and were only responsible for running it!

Fate Dimension was an extremely free world. It was possible for anything to happen. What could a hidden job do?

‘ What?’

Was this a bug?

Haha!

Who are you insulting?

With the mainframe, how could there be a bug?

Did they really think that the greatest artificial intelligence in history was useless?

Besides!

Even if there was a bug, it should be the mainframe. What did it have to do with them?

Indeed, when one is at home, the pot comes from the sky!

However!

He was unhappy!

This caused an upheaval throughout the world. If they still pretended to be dead and ignored them, perhaps in the next moment, countless radicals would come to their door with rocks, guns, and guns!

For the sake of their lives and for the sake of the needs of countless sugar daddies, Fate Corporation was terrified!

Come!

Aren't you all trying to be fair?

I'll give it to you!

The person-in-charge of Fate Corporation from all over the world reported the situation to the big shots of his own country. After obtaining approval, the press conference started!

Hence!

The entire world fell silent!

Countless people sat in front of their televisions, quietly waiting for the results.

This was only the calm before the storm!

Everyone knew!

If it was not handled properly and most people were not satisfied, then the silence at this moment would turn into an even greater force, like a volcano erupting and burning the entire world!

“… w

B

Ai

Ag

« ^ »

'C

Yi

« ^ »

Measu

"Yes!"

As the CEO of Fate Corporation, a blond middle-aged American, said this solemnly, the entire world was in an uproar.

And China!

He could not help but fall into a short period of silence and depression!

That included Lin Yatu!