Chapter 73: Fallen Soldiers

"Looks like I'm really going to risk my life this time!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was uncertain. He pondered for a long time before sighing heavily. He took out the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] that was placed in the corner of his backpack and gritted his teeth to wear it.

Immediately!

His Strength, Constitution and Agility had been reduced by 30 points. He could clearly feel a slight discomfort in his body!

However!

In contrast, his Mind + 100 points became clearer, and he became slightly excited!

There were gains and losses!

"The double-edged sword [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] has finally been carried out!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not want to use it either. However, this mission was too important. If he failed, even the Lords of the Stars would be deprived. He could not afford to lose. He had to try his best to ensure success!

"I just hope that I don't encounter a monster that has to activate this thing!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed softly.

[Demon Blood Sacrifice] was usually harmless. It would only be slightly affected by the increase and decrease in stats.

However!

Once it activated its ability, it would be incredible!

How good could the outcome be if he traded with a demon?

Perhaps he could endure it once or twice!

However, as the number of times increased, it would be affected by the negative energy and would gradually accumulate and deepen. At that time, the quantity would undergo a qualitative change and one's temperament would change drastically!

"You really forced me into a corner!"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth. "Dog R's High Priest, old fox, bastard!"

Scolding was scolding, but what was done was done. Qin Sheng could only pinch his nose and accept it!

If the heavens were to give Qin Sheng another chance, he would definitely flee far away and not fall into this huge pit.

The Shadow Warrior was indeed powerful, but without it, he could rely on the Lords of the Stars to fight steadily. Wasn't this world free to roam freely? Was he afraid that he wouldn't be able to find a hidden occupation?

And now?

It was a dilemma!

Even the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice], which he had silently made up his mind to never use again, was forced to take it out after only a few minutes after entering this pit and killing a small monster. It was simply too much!

Most importantly, even if he used all his trump cards, he might not necessarily be able to complete the mission successfully. This was the reason why Qin Sheng was the most angry!

"Forget it, there's no point thinking too much about it. It might even affect my mental state!"

Shaking his head, Qin Luo discarded his distracting thoughts and prepared to truly fight!

After putting on the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice], he was now in his complete form. Not only did he have the passive 30% chance of immunizing the control effect of [Demon Whisper], but he could also activate two great abilities at any time and anywhere. His safety was greatly ensured, and he did not need to worry about sudden death!

After fighting with the decaying miners earlier, he had a certain understanding of the Shadow Warrior's skills. There was still a large group of monsters that he could familiarize himself with.

"I have done what I needed to do, I have done what I could. Whether I live or die, I have to fight for my life. But heaven's will is not up to humans, whether I can survive this tribulation will depend on heaven's will!"

Holding tightly onto Bloodthirst and Coiling Dragon Li Water, Qin Sheng swept away his dejection and said firmly, "Do your best and listen to fate. I don't believe that a mere hidden mission from the novice village can jump into the sky with my skills."

Continue!

In the spacious mine cave, there were countless rotten miners wandering around. These were the villagers who had been sent here by the Imperial Court. From their tattered clothing, one could tell that they were from the surrounding villages.

When he was alive, he was just an ordinary person. After he died, even though he was corroded by the power of darkness, his strength was still extremely limited. After all, the upper limit was there. If not for the influence of the environment, he would probably be similar to the zombies outside.

This monster that could not pose a threat to his life and had a certain degree of strength was exactly what Qin Sheng needed!

This was a rare opportunity!

Qin Luo's Eighteen Forms of Martial Arts came together!

Out of the eight skills of the Shadow Warrior, apart from the ultimate skill, the Mad Shadow Killer Slash, the other seven skills were continuously executed by Qin Sheng. While he was familiarizing himself with the abilities, he was also carefully searching for the method of coordination between the skills!

There was not much time left. The monsters were limited!

Even if he could not analyze it in-depth, Qin Luo Sheng still had some gains and would not be unfamiliar with it. When he encountered enemies that he had to take seriously, he would be ignorant and would not know anything. He would be restricted by his skills and would instead weaken his combat ability.

He swept through everything!

It took a full three hours for Qin Luo to reach the end of the mine!

"Is there still a second floor?"

After finishing off the last decaying miner, Qin Sheng looked at the huge hole that had appeared before his eyes and jumped down without hesitation!

Rubble, waste ore, broken frame, rotten cloth, broken bones…

It was a chaotic scene!

Other than that, Qin Sheng also saw broken military flags and broken armors, broken sabers, spears, steel shields and so on!

"Military items? Could it be?"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes.

He recalled what Wang Damin said back then. There was once an army stationed here, but after the mine collapsed, the army disappeared overnight. The tents and supplies were all in the camp, but everyone had disappeared.

So it was here!

Perhaps the army had been deployed when the mine cave had been abnormal. Unfortunately, all of them had been wiped out. Not a single one of them had managed to escape. As a result, they had been treated as deserters!

Of course, this was also what Wang Damin said!

He was just a small Militia Leader. Without any backing or background, it was impossible for him to know deep information, especially information from the officials.

Wang Damin didn't know that the Taoist masters who had entered the mine had come here before. They definitely knew the situation of the army. Not only did they not escape, they even sacrificed themselves for the country!

"Is that sinister devil still deeper in?"

There was no need to guess. Qin Sheng already knew that the second level of the mine was definitely not the location of the sinister devils, but the place where the soldiers who had sacrificed themselves in the past were sleeping!

"Let's continue!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and continued to move forward. "There's not much time left in the game. We have to hurry! I wonder if this damn place can go offline. If we go online after going offline, will we still be in the same place? There's only one day of mission time, and there's a f*cking time limit for the game. It's disgusting!"

…

Second level of the mine cave!

His vision was even weaker, and the darkness was even greater!

Even with Qin Luo Sheng's night vision, it was greatly restricted. Visibility was less than five meters!

It was fortunate that the area was exceptionally quiet, such that even the wind could not enter. Even if one could not see, as long as there was the slightest sound, one would be able to hear it immediately and react. It would be difficult for one to be ambushed!

However!

A sneak attack wouldn't work, but a forceful attack would be a little troublesome!

After all, the tunnel was only about five meters wide and three meters tall!

Such a narrow terrain would be greatly restricted. It was basically impossible to engage in guerrilla warfare!

However!

There were two sides to everything!

Since the terrain restricted Qin Sheng, it naturally restricted the monsters as well.

In such a crowded place, it was naturally impossible to engage in a group fight. At most, only three monsters could attack at the same time.

1VS 3!

As long as there were not three bosses, Qin Luo was completely fearless!

"Splash…"

After taking a few steps, Qin Sheng heard a strange sound not far ahead.

He took a closer look!

He wore armor, carried a large blade, and wore an iron helmet!

A set of standard armor!

Probing skill, activate!

[Fallen Soldier (Enhanced 3-star Elite)]

Level: Level 10

Health Points: 35,000

Attack: 1,200

Defense: 650

Speed: 200

Skills: Huashan Mountain [Army Obliteration]

Introduction: The elite soldiers of the dynasty were sent to guard the important minerals. Due to the awakening of the evil spirits, they were led by the general to exterminate the evil spirits. They died tragically in the mines. After their souls were sealed, their bodies were enslaved, and they degenerated into undying demonic creatures. From human soldiers, they became the evil spirits puppets that guarded the mines and slaughtered their fellow humans.