Chapter 77: Saber Qi

"Sirius!"

A wolf head phantom appeared!

Attack + 100%, Critical Hit Chance: 100%!

"Leopard Tu!"

The cheetah phantom flickered!

Speed + 100%, Dodge + 100%!

"Berserk Strike!"

Qin Sheng, who had boosted his power by two great techniques, was the first to attack!

The [Coiling Dragon Water], which had long activated its Water Separation state, had a cold edge. Under his control, it struck down heavily on Zhang Xin's body.

-20700!

A huge damage number appeared above Zhang Xin's head!

Ten times the damage, directly breaking through ten thousand!

Zhang Xin's health bar, which had a length of 100,000 points, was instantly emptied by a large portion and reduced by a fifth!

"Who is it that has disturbed my slumber!"

After suffering such a heavy blow, Zhang Xin recovered from his slumber and pulled out his saber, pointing it straight at Qin Sheng.

"Huashan Mountain!"

Extreme simplicity! Extreme speed! Extreme effect!

A slash stronger than a fallen soldier's saber technique was slashed out by Zhang Xin.

However, as the Demon-Buster Great General, he commanded hundreds of thousands of soldiers. Even though they were all from the same lineage and had come from the same battlefield, their power was vastly different.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng cursed angrily. With the augmentation of Leopard Tu's extreme speed, he immediately activated the 'Swimming Serpent Steps'. His speed rose explosively once again, barely dodging the incoming saber qi!

That's right!

It was Saber Qi!

The Saber Qi that Zhang Xin slashed from three meters away!

This was a long-range attack ability that all melee professionals dreamed of. Qin Sheng had it too, but the triggering conditions were extremely harsh. He did not want Zhang Xin to be like this, able to slash out freely and easily!

"Shadow Assault!"

Qin Sheng quickly analyzed the optimal battle plan as his brain raced.

In a battle with Zhang Xin, who had long-range attacks, pulling away was undoubtedly the most foolish thing!

Although Zhang Xin was strong, he was still a warrior. He was strong and muscular. His agility was definitely his weakness!

Now that he had activated two speed enhancement skills, the Qin Emperor's Revolving Pillar was definitely the best choice.

"Shadow Assault!"

His body transformed into a shadow, and Qin Sheng instantly appeared behind Zhang Xin from the tip of the saber.

"Shadow Stab!"

The sharp tip of the sword, along with the dark shadow energy, pierced straight into the back of Zhang Xin’s head, causing him to stop his quick slash!

"What a fast saber! What a fast reaction!"

Qin Luo Sheng's forehead was covered in cold sweat, his heart still palpitating with fear. If he had been half a second slower, he would have been the first to be struck, and not the Shadow Spike to take effect, sending Zhang Xin into a dizzy state.

"Attack!"

Ding… your Attack Speed has increased by 50% for 30 seconds! '

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

One second!

Five consecutive strikes!

Under the immense pressure, Qin Sheng, who had boosted his attack speed, performed exceptionally and broke through his limits!

"Slash!"

One second passed in the blink of an eye. Zhang Xin, who had recovered from his dizziness state, slashed down violently with his saber. Qin Sheng, who had just finished his attack and was still recovering his strength, could not dodge. He could only grit his teeth and take it head on!

One slash!

Critical strike!

-4,688!

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green!

He only had slightly more than 10,000 Health Points. With just one slash, more than one-third of his Health Points were cut off!

This attack was too abnormal!

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

After taking the blow, Qin Sheng, who had been planning to rely on his speed to swim, immediately changed his mind and slapped his waist. The Illusionary Spirit Ribbon released a seven-colored brilliance that illuminated the dim tunnel with flowing light.

Ding… Illusionary Spirit Beguilement Formation has taken effect. Demon-Buster Great General—Zhang Xin—has fallen into illusion for 3 seconds! '

Was it just the lowest 3 seconds of hallucination?

However!

It was enough!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Qin Luo did not use any skills. He continued to attack relentlessly!

[Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Bloodthirsty], their swords turned into afterimages and continuously fell, crazily slashing, stabbing, stabbing, or slashing on Zhang Xin's body!

3 seconds of attack!

Zhang Xin's health points had already dropped by more than half!

"Army Obliteration!"

A single slash!

Qin Luo Sheng could not avoid it in time. In his haste, he activated the skill "Protection" of the [Jungle Scamper's Hunting Armor] and formed an energy shield on the surface of his body. Then, he was struck by the saber!

Bang…

Qin Luo attacked with great force. He felt his body turn light as the scenery in his eyes changed. He was actually sent flying by a saber.

-2,844!

Another critical hit!

Another 3,000 points of damage!

This was after activating "Protection", which negated 3,000 points of damage!

"Is he that sick?"

Qin Luo Sheng turned pale with fright!

Two slashes!

Slash!

A sweep!

The simplest attack!

But in Zhang Xin's hands, it had such terrifying power!

Including the protective shield, two slashes actually took away more than 10,000 of his health points!

"The attack is too strong. We can't let him hit us again!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and took out a bottle of enhanced Life Potion. He gulped it down and pulled back 3,000 health points. Coupled with the Life-Steal Health Points that he had absorbed during the fierce attack just now, it barely managed to maintain his health points above half!

"Little rascal, die!"

Zhang Xin took large strides towards Qin Luo's landing spot without wasting any time.

"The momentum is too strong, the offense is too strong!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the pain of his body falling to the ground heavily, as if it was about to fall apart. He hurriedly got up and crossed [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Bloodthirst] in front, barely holding Zhang Xin's saber.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Slash! Slash! Slash! Slash!

There was no fancy saber technique. Zhang Xin only continuously hacked!

However!

Even so, Qin Sheng found it hard to resist and was suffering beyond words!

One slash followed by another!

Continuous!

Powerful and heavy!

Moreover, his strength seemed to be increasing step by step, becoming stronger!

"No, I can't enter his battle rhythm. Otherwise, I will definitely be dragged down!"

Qin Luo Sheng drew his bow from left to right. The two swords intersected and continuously clashed with Zhang Xin's broadsword, blocking the violent attack with great difficulty.

One slash!

Two slashes!

Three slashes!

…

Qin Luo found it increasingly difficult to persist!

The indescribable force was channeled from the clashing swords into his body. Not only did his internal organs vibrate, but the muscles on his arms were also trembling, and he was feeling extremely sore!

Qin Qin Sheng knew it very well!

Zhang Xin's strength did not increase, but his strength was declining!

As the saying goes, one loses while the other gains!

"Is this the strength of a top warrior? It's too terrifying!"

Qin Luo was horrified!

Strength and momentum aside, just this torrential storm of attacks was enough to dominate. Once stuck, not to mention escaping, even parrying would be difficult.

"Clever!"

Taking the blow head-on, Qin Sheng activated the supplementary skill [Jungle Scamper Boots], and his speed increased once again. Dragging his heavily injured body, he barely managed to escape from Zhang Xin's continuous attacks.

However!

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to counterattack, Zhang Xin, who had missed with a swing of his saber, raised the saber that had missed its target on the ground and swung it.

Instantly!

Saber qi formed and shot out, targeting him who had just left the battlefield!