Chapter 72: The Decaying Miner

[Decaying Miner (Enhanced 3 Star Elite)]

Level: Level 10

Health Points: 20000

Attack: 800

Defense: 280

Speed: 150

Skills: [Poison of Corrosion] [Wailing of Hatred]

Introduction: A former miner died after being corroded by the power of darkness. His soul was sealed inside his body and he could not escape. Day after day, year after year, he wandered in the mines. His body decayed and his mind decayed. He loathed all life.

Qin Luo took in a breath of cold air when he saw the monster information that the detection technique had sent back.

This attribute!

What a BOSS!

Compared to normal level 10 monsters, it was at least five times worse!

"Is it that difficult?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was very ugly. "Even ordinary small monsters are Strengthening Star 3 Elites. Their strength is comparable to a Bronze Boss of the same level!"

"Looks like it will take quite some time!"

Compared to the Nightmare Trial Grounds, Qin Sheng discovered that the difficulty level was neither too high nor too low. He felt somewhat helpless. "The trial grounds are already familiar. Even if the monsters' strength will change, the environment will still be the same and there will be some changes. But this damn place…"

Headache!

"Forget it, I'll take it one step at a time!"

There was no other way. They could only brace themselves and act recklessly. It was like they were dealing with a normal dungeon. They would charge in and counter every move!

Find the nearest decaying miner!

Qin Luo Sheng was hidden in the darkness. He lowered his body slightly and crept in quietly, preparing for a sneak attack.

"Boohoo…"

Qin Sheng, who had just entered the five-meter radius of the decaying miner, was still discovered behind him. He let out a low wail and ran in the opposite direction.

"F*ck, are his eyes installed with radar?"

Qin Luo Sheng turned pale with fright and hurriedly scanned his surroundings. He heaved a sigh of relief when he realized that the other decaying miners were not attracted!

"It's a little difficult to handle!"

Qin Luo Sheng massaged his temples.

This thing did not purely rely on its eyes to detect. It did not have any special ability, but it had an instinct, an instinct of darkness!

Just like how light cannot tolerate darkness!

Darkness also hated light!

The miners who had been corrupted by darkness were very sensitive to light and living beings, especially in this dark place where there were no other elements except darkness. A living person like Qin Sheng was as conspicuous as a firefly in the pitch-black night.

"Let's do it!"

The decaying miners had already rushed over. Qin Sheng did not have the time to think of a countermeasure. He could only retreat slightly and widen the distance so as not to alarm the other monsters. Then, he began to kill!

“Shadow Slash!”

[Coiling Dragon Liquid] waved its hand with great force. It was imbued with the special energy of the Shadow Warrior. The blade seemed to have been concealed, and the attack was extremely stealthy. It quickly landed and slashed at the decaying miner, easily tearing apart his weak defense.

-3658!

150% damage, double Critical Hit, almost 3,700 health points of the decaying miner!

Again!

"Shadow Stab!"

With a step back, he dodged the attack from the decaying miner. He spun his body and shifted his position. Qin Sheng moved from the front to the decaying miner's back. The tip of [Bloodlust] 's sword flashed with light and aimed at the back of his head, stabbing with great force!

Ding… Shadow Spike has taken effect. Decaying Miner Health Points - 1844, Stun for 1 second!

NICE!

Although there was no Critical Hit this time, Shadow Stab had a Critical Hit from the back, causing double damage. It also took out 180 HP from the decaying Miner and added an additional 1 second of stun!

One second!

It was very short!

It was also very long!

For Qin Sheng, one second was quite a good time to be able to output as much as he wanted!

One second, all-out attack, equivalent to three strikes!

Of course!

This was the confidence and strength of Qin Sheng only after he had changed his occupation to Shadow Warrior and possessed [Jungle Hunter]. His attack speed had increased by 70%, and combined with [Proficient in both hands], he could control both swords!

-1186!

-685!

-2,358!

He fired left and right!

Right left!

Three consecutive strikes, two seeking and one violent, dealt over 4,000 damage to the decaying miners. What a pity!

“Shadow Slash!”

Recovering from the dizziness, the decaying miner let out a shrill roar and turned his head to attack Qin Sheng. However, what was waiting for him was a fierce slash from Qin Sheng that contained the effects of a 3-second CD!

-3806!

Another critical hit, and the decaying Miner's health bar decreased again!

"Ha, too weak to withstand a single blow!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered.

However, the decaying miners with 20,000 health points had already lost more than half of their health points, and the battle time was only five seconds!

The Shadow Warrior was so powerful!

As expected of a hidden occupation!

Compared to before, this combat strength was simply a qualitative leap!

In particular, the coordination between the small skills was even tighter. Coupled with the short cooldown time, it could be used repeatedly. The attacks were extremely fast and continuous, like a storm of pear blossoms, crushing the enemy until they could not breathe!

Even if they were facing a real BOSS, the situation would not be any better if they did not have any special skills!

It was yet another slight movement. Qin Sheng easily avoided the attack of the decaying miner and delivered another slash, cutting off almost 2,000 of his health points!

"Boohoo…"

At this moment, the decaying Miner's health bar had dropped to 20%.

Qin Luo Sheng did not notice it at all and was still waiting to continue attacking, hoping to kill this fellow within two strikes. Unexpectedly, the decaying miner suddenly stopped his attack and let out a strange sound instead, howling miserably.

"Ding! The decaying miner is howling with hatred. You are in fear for 3 seconds!"

Qin Luo was stunned. His attacking stance was instantly dispelled, and his entire body trembled as he ran around wildly!

Ding… Decaying Miner activates Decaying Poison. Your Health Points -422, your body is decaying, all attributes decreased by 10% for 30 seconds!

Three seconds was fast!

Qin Luo regained his consciousness. He looked at the decaying hands of the miners that gave off a nauseating smell and kept doing whatever he wanted on his body. He almost spat out his food from the previous night.

"Berserk Strike!"

Without the thought of experimenting with the Shadow Warrior Skill, Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen as he executed a Heavy Cleave, dealing 500% damage with a Berserk Blow. He instantly killed the decaying miner who had little health left.

"F*ck, I really can't be careless. I almost failed miserably!"

The decaying miner fell to the ground, but Qin Sheng did not even look at him. Instead, he stood there with a gloomy face, his eyes flickering with uncertainty. "Fortunately, it's just a small monster. He only dealt less than 2,000 health points in three seconds. What if it was a Boss?"

Qin Luo experienced for himself how difficult this mission was!

No matter how he evaluated it previously, it was just a guess. Now, he finally had an intuitive experience!

One small monster had the strength of a 3-star Enhanced Elite. Two skills, one control and one poison. It was disgusting and abnormal.

"Looks like I'm really going to risk my life this time!"