Chapter 74: Extreme Simplicity! Extreme Speed! Extreme Effect!

Indeed!

This was the place where the garrison had disappeared!

What a pity!

It was true that he had fallen into a deep sleep, but the dead body had still been used!

"35,000 + health, 1200 + attack?"

Qin Luo Sheng pondered.

If he remembered correctly, this was even stronger than Empress Naga, right?

A small monster with the strength of a Gold Boss?

He could sense the malice coming from the system!

"I wonder if it's a lot!"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little worried. "Although the explosive power of skills is not as good as that of a real boss, the attributes are still there. We can't be careless. Every one of them has to be treated like a boss. This way, the amount of energy and time spent will be greatly increased."

"We don't have much time left in the game today. If we are delayed and we are unable to see the sinister devil, it would be too unfair if we fail due to insufficient time!"

"Since that's the case, let's speed up and increase our efficiency!"

Having made up his mind, Qin Sheng did not waste any more time. With two swords in hand, he rushed towards the fallen soldiers.

"Berserk Strike!"

The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade was sharp and cold. Violent power poured down and slashed heavily on the fallen soldier's right shoulder, easily tearing through the damaged armor and successfully breaking through the defense.

-8,120!

500% attack, double Critical Hit!

With ten times the damage, it instantly cut off more than eight thousand health points from the fallen soldiers, clearing about a quarter of the long health bar!

"Ding… Berserk Strike has taken effect. All attributes of fallen soldiers have decreased by 20%!"

The fallen soldier staggered after receiving such a heavy blow and was almost knocked down by this powerful blow. Unfortunately, Qin Luo Sheng was still a little lacking and did not get what he wanted. However, it also triggered the Absolute Damage effect of the Violent Strike, weakening the fallen soldier's attributes by 20%.

"Army Obliteration!"

If it was an ordinary monster, it would definitely be abnormal after suffering such a fierce attack.

However, the fallen soldier was not an ordinary monster, but a walking corpse. His physical defense was not much different from that of a bronze-armored zombie. In addition, this fellow did not have any feelings of pain or fear. He was like a machine!

Even though his attributes had been reduced by 20%, and his combat ability had drastically decreased, he did not react to it at all. He directly counterattacked with his saber, and with an extremely simple sweep, he rushed over.

-1266!

Hiss…

Qin Luo gasped on the spot.

It was just a single attack, but it actually took away more than a thousand of his health points?

F*ck!

He had over 500 Physical Defense!

Swoosh!

As soon as the attack took effect, the fallen soldier quickly adjusted his posture. Taking advantage of the moment when Qin Sheng was in a daze, he slashed again!

Extremely simple!

Extreme speed!

Extreme effect!

This was a killing technique!

It was purely a killing technique!

Every move was extremely simplified!

To pursue speed and efficiency!

Using the least effort to kill the most enemies!

"Even though I'm already dead, is there still something engraved in my bones that I can't forget?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a step back and dodged another slash from the fallen soldier. Looking at his mountain-like body, he sighed in his heart.

“Shadow Slash!”

The blades intersected and [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and the military standard broadsword descended at the same time!

Qin Luo Sheng groaned and took a step back from the strike!

As for the fallen soldier, he moved slightly and instantly adjusted himself.

"So powerful!"

Qin Luo Sheng was astonished!

In terms of actual strength, the fallen soldiers were far inferior to him. However, the skills of the fallen soldiers, the extremely simple way of exerting strength, and the ability to quickly adjust their bodies to their optimal state after being impacted were too powerful!

“What a pity, it’s hard to replicate!”

Qin Luo Sheng was also very clear that this ability was not something that could be learned secretly. If one wanted to learn it, one could only rely on one's own comprehension, comprehending it through countless battles, washing away all of the splendor, omitting the flashy movements bit by bit, depriving it, and finally returning it to its natural state.

This was not a dream!

The martial grandmasters in movies and novels, the veterans on the battlefield, were like this!

It looked like an ordinary move, but it contained the power of extreme dao. It could predict the enemy's movements and attack them when they were unprepared. Using 1 point of strength to achieve the effect that others could only achieve with 10 points of strength.

"Shadow Assault!"

"Shadow Stab!"

Second Skill combo!

The fallen soldiers were instantly stunned!

Seizing this opportunity, Qin Sheng slashed ferociously!

-852!

-447!

-849!

He slashed left and right three times!

Unfortunately, it didn’t trigger a critical hit. The fallen soldier only lost 2,000 HP.

"Chop!"

A second later, the fallen soldier recovered from his stun state. Just as he was about to retaliate, Qin Sheng attacked first, and [Coiling Dragon Water] sent him flying into the sky!

Ding… Challenge effect triggered. Fallen soldiers are forced to stay in the air for 3 seconds! '

Very good!

Three seconds was enough to do many things!

One strike!

Another strike!

If the live target was in front, wouldn't Qin Luo Sheng use all his skills?

A series of crazy acts!

Three seconds of stagnation ended!

The fallen soldiers landed!

However, his health points were already like a candle in the wind. At most, he could take another two strikes!

"Huashan Mountain!"

At the moment of life and death, the fallen soldier adjusted his condition the moment he landed and slashed with his blade.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dodge or evade. Instead, he faced the saber head-on!

It was not that he was stupid, nor did he have any masochistic tendencies!

The reason why he did this was because he wanted to test the damage of the Fallen Soldier skill. He wanted to know where it was, read the information, and know his enemy so that he could be prepared to fight against the Fallen Soldiers!

-2,978!

Qin Sheng stopped in his tracks and his right shoulder sank. He almost fell to the ground.

Nearly 3,000 critical damage had reduced Qin Luo's health bar by a quarter!

Something!

“Shadow Slash!”

Adjusting his body, he waved his right hand and sent out a Shadow Slash. It landed on the fallen soldier first!

-3588!

Critical Hit + Weakness!

Under the double damage, the fallen soldier whose health points had already fallen to rock bottom stiffened. The saber that had landed on Qin Sheng's head and was less than 10 centimeters away from his scalp instantly stopped!

Ding… You have successfully killed a fallen soldier. You have received 12,000 EXP! '

Fallen soldiers, dead!

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief as well!

Look at the experience points!

12,000?

It was really quite high!

It was almost half of a Gold Boss of the same level!

"This fallen soldier should have dropped his equipment, right?"

Qin Sheng did not care much about the experience points, because the restriction in the Beginner's Village was level 10. It was impossible for level 11 to appear. Otherwise, with his current experience points, he would have leveled up long ago.

What Qin Luo Sheng cared about was equipment!

The decaying miners were not willing to give him anything. He had worked so hard for such a long time for nothing. He did not even have a single piece of white equipment. It was truly disgusting.

"Explode!"

Qin Luo could not help but tear up when he saw the fallen soldier's corpse and the object that was glowing with starlight.

It was not easy!

It had already been a few hours. He had killed over a hundred monsters, but nothing had exploded. He hadn't even seen any materials. It was really uncomfortable!

It was finally here!

It proved that he was not an unlucky person, but that the damn system was playing tricks on him. It had nothing to do with him. He was still the noble European King!