Chapter 70: Storm Gathering, World Torrent

Ding… congratulations on changing occupation: Shadow Warrior, Reputation + 500! '

Ding… your job has changed. Apprentice Warrior's additional attributes have disappeared. Shadow Warrior's additional attributes have been obtained! '

"Your Health Points + 1000, Mana + 500, Strength + 50, Constitution + 20, Agility + 50, Attack Speed + 50%!"

Ding… You have lost your job: Trainee Warrior, Forgotten Skill [Elementary Heavy Slash] [Elementary Second Successive Strike] [Elementary Encourage] [Elementary Berserk]! '

Ding… You have successfully changed your class to Shadow Warrior. You have received exclusive skills: [Shadow Slash], [Shadow Thrust], [Shadow Attack], [Shadow Escape], [Shadow Concealment], [Shadow Clone], [Shadow Trick], [Mad Shadow Slash]!

"Ding… As you are the first player to obtain a hidden class in the Fated World, the system will announce it to the entire world. Do you want to reveal your ID?"

A series of prompts from the system rang out in succession, shaking Qin Sheng so much that his mind blanked out!

"Do you want to reveal your ID? If you don't choose within five seconds, the system will default as revealing!"

Qin Sheng only recovered from his shock after hearing the system's second reminder. He hurriedly replied, "Reveal… reveal!"

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has successfully changed his occupation to [Shadow Warrior]. As the first player to have a hidden occupation, he has received a reward: Luck + 2, Enlightenment + 2, Special Scroll, Reputation + 1,500! This notice! '

Ding…

Ding…

A stone would cause a thousand ripples!

The deafening system announcement caused the billions of players in the World of Destiny to be in an uproar!

How long had it been since Ya Tu entered the city and changed his occupation?

The television was fucking showing again!

Furthermore, I'm the bastard Weeping Soul Beast!

In the past, killing BOSSes was one thing, but this time, the commotion caused by it made everyone uneasy!

Hidden Class!

This was something that countless people dreamed of!

With it, even ordinary players would be able to become strong in one leap. Perhaps due to their limited talent, they would not be able to become a God-level expert. At the very least, it would not be a problem for them to become first-rate!

It could be said that!

The hidden job was the ladder to heaven. Whoever had it would be able to ascend to the heavens in a single step!

It was sour!

It was really sour!

"Why can't I get a share of the good news?"

"Why do all the good stuff belong to others?"

"Why is there no newbie village and even a hidden job?"

"Why is it all China again?"

"How…"

The entire world went crazy!

The Chinese players were still alright. Even if they were jealous, they were still comrades who had benefited. Even if they could not be selfless and be happy for others, when they saw the incompetent rage of the players from other countries, they felt much better and could barely accept it!

However!

The foreigners did not think so!

Look!

In a short period of time, any place that could communicate, such as forums, Weibo, Tieba, and so on, exploded. Especially the official website of the game, it was a disaster zone. Posts appeared every second for hundreds of thousands to millions!

In reality?

The customer service line of the official gaming company was basically paralyzed. Tens of thousands of beautiful operator MMs had tears in their eyes as they listened to the classic scolding of the players from various countries with grievances written all over their faces!

The entire reception hall was oppressive and depressing. Soon, it turned into cries!

When have I ever suffered such grievances?

I quit! I quit!

The operator and MMs immediately cut off the line. Those with fiery tempers even scolded back!

This aggravated the imbalance in the situation!

The players exploded!

The staff went on strike!

The flames of rage transformed into raging flames!

The official big shots were shocked!

In just a short period of time, the storm had already gathered and was about to engulf the world. The ones in the center were the Chinese players, Weeping Soul, and the innocent ones who had been implicated!

It was too late to react!

The only way was to respond directly and give an explanation!

However!

This time, the old-fashioned official explanation could no longer solve the problem!

The usual rhetoric was not enough to appease the anger of the gamers that had been suppressed for a long time!

If the officials did not give a satisfactory answer, the world would collapse and destroy them!

This matter had blown up!

This time, it had really blown up!

…

The world descended into chaos!

And the culprit, Qin Sheng, had run away irresponsibly!

That's right!

Qin Qin had run away!

After replenishing some potions at the pharmacy, he ran out of the beginner village without looking back. He got rid of the pursuers behind him and quickly ran towards the Dark Forest.

He had to run!

In fact, even without browsing the forum and entering the official website, Qin Sheng knew how big the storm this time was!

One could see the whole leopard with a single glance!

The players in Novice Village 6666 went crazy!

No leveling up, no dungeons, no business, no girls…

Everyone was looking for him like mad dogs. The legendary Weeping Soul Beast had just obtained a hidden job!

Qin Luo was not completely exposed!

But it was almost exposed!

There was no lack of smart people in this world!

Ever since Luo He fought against the Thunder Guild and exposed himself to the public, the analysis of his identity had never stopped.

At least 80% of the players believed that he was Weeping Soul Beast!

Now!

With such a major event happening, the players in Novice Village 6666 could not help but go crazy!

There was a high chance that a legendary big shot would be by his side. Not to mention making him his underling, even if he got an autograph and successfully took a picture with him, he could become a popular celebrity and receive the attention of the entire world.

Who could resist such temptation?

Not to mention, if he succeeded in sacrificing himself, successfully roping him in, successfully linking up with him, and so on and so forth, then perhaps the chances were extremely slim, but what if he succeeded? That would be like a phoenix rising from a branch overnight!

…

"They're all fucking crazy!"

In a corner of the Dark Forest, Qin Luo Sheng closed the Fate Corporation's forum. He rubbed his stiff face in a daze as the corners of his mouth twitched continuously.

"Forget it, let's take a look at my hidden occupation!"

The situation had developed to such an extent that it was no longer under control. They could only quietly wait for the official outcome.

Honestly!

Qin Luo was not very worried!

Besides, there was no point in worrying. It was better to put down his worries and focus on the next task. This was a big problem!

"Health + 1000, Mana + 500, Attribute + 120, Attack Speed + 50%!"

Qin Luo counted the additional attributes of the shadow warrior and praised fiercely, "I should say, as expected of a hidden occupation? This attribute increase is f*cking ridiculous! Not only are there more attributes, there are also nine exclusive skills. It's too BUG! No wonder it's said that as long as one obtains a hidden occupation, even a pig can fly and become an expert!"