Chapter 78: The Heavens Will Destroy Me?

"Dog DX, how did you do that?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face turned black. He could not be bothered to complain as his body trembled. In the second before the saber qi came into contact with him, he turned into a shadow and dissipated into the air, barely dodging the saber strike.

“Shadow Escape!”

Teleport five meters, change position!

Qin Qin Sheng once again appeared behind Zhang Xin!

"Shadow Stab!"

The same trick!

After the cooldown was over, the Shadow Stab was launched again. It quickly landed on the back of Zhang Xin's head and stunned him again.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Three consecutive strikes!

Zhang Xin's health dropped again!

"Shadow Clone!"

Qin Sheng moved his body, and his pitch-black shadow power burst forth. His true body separated, leaving behind a clone that was exactly the same as him on the spot. He collided with Zhang Xin's violent slash, which had recovered from his dizziness. He used his body as a shield and became a scapegoat.

"Damn you!"

Qin Sheng's face turned green on the spot as he looked at Zhang Xin, who had finished off his doppelganger and was still brandishing his broadsword without a second's delay.

"Ice Skin!"

Glancing at Qin Luo, who had less than a quarter of his health left, he did not dare to hold back anymore and activated his strongest defensive skill. Instantly, his maximum health bar increased by 100%, his magic bar increased by 100%, and he recovered to his peak state. His defense bar increased by 100%!

Double Life, Double Defense!

This time, he should have a chance to fight, right?

Qin Luo Sheng changed his tactics and met Zhang Xin without any hesitation.

Attack!

Attack!

Attack!

Zhang Xin's defense was as strong as his attack. Watertight. Even though Qin Sheng had so many augmentation techniques, it was still difficult to break through his saber screen. Every attack was blocked, transforming into a collision between swords and sabers, forming an offensive stance where neither could do anything to the other!

"Ding… Heavenly Wolf's effect has ended!"

"Ding, Leopard Stab's effect has ended!"

At this moment!

Bad news came!

Skywolf and Leopard Rush, which only lasted for 30 seconds, disappeared at the same time!

Qin Sheng, who was in the midst of a fierce attack, did not notice it at all. It was fine if he attacked, but once his speed dropped, he immediately revealed a flaw!

"Army Obliteration!"

Zhang Xin did not disappoint. He seized the opportunity and swept his broadsword across with a biting cold saber aura, as if he wanted to cut Qin Sheng in half!

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo Sheng could not dodge nor did he dare to take it head on. He could only activate his special technique to dodge!

Qin Sheng's body trembled and he disappeared once more as a shadow!

Shadow Escape had two abilities!

The first one was teleportation. It had been used just now, and the cooldown time was three minutes. It could not be used a second time!

The second was Shadow Evasion. It could hide in shadows and was immune to all physical and magical damage. Its ability was extremely abnormal. Just like now, not only did it avoid Zhang Xin's fatal attack, but it could also hide itself and prepare for the next attack!

After Zhang Xin's attack missed, Qin Sheng, the enemy, disappeared from sight. He immediately held his saber across his chest in a defensive stance!

"Howl…"

Zhang Xin did not wait long. In less than three seconds, a sudden wolf howl broke the silence!

Slash!

The cruel wolf figure instantly disappeared!

However!

The real killer move was not the wolf, but Qin Sheng who was hiding behind the wolf shadow!

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

[Coiling Dragon Li Water] 's afterimage flickered as it used five consecutive stabs at extreme speed, heading straight for Zhang Xin, who was slashing the Wolf Queen!

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The tip of the sword collided with the metal armor, and the sounds of metal clashing rang out repeatedly!

-856!

-1,652!

-826!

-826!

-2,588!

A fixed 120% damage. Without the support of Sky Wolf, it only dealt 856 damage to Zhang Xin, not even four digits!

However!

One of the five strikes was a critical strike, and the last strike was based on the first four strikes. The armor was torn apart, and the tip of the sword pierced into the flesh. Moreover, it was lucky to trigger another critical strike, causing nearly 2600 damage!

Health: 1,7822!

"Is it coming?"

The impact of the Rapid Rapid Pierce cut Zhang Xin, who already had 20,000 health points, to the peak of 20% health points. It was the Boss' explosive stage!

"We will fight to the death for our country's loyalty!"

Indeed!

Zhang Xin stood with the saber in his hand. A layer of lustrous white radiance circulated and enveloped the entire saber. The surging energy stirred up the surrounding tremors, causing Qin Sheng's heart to tremble.

"You can't take it, you'll die!"

Qin Luo's sixth sense was frantically warning him. His face was pale and he was sweating profusely.

Having been firmly locked onto, he felt that he was not facing a blade of light, but a ferocious tiger that was about to pounce. It was enough to crush him into minced meat!

"Shadow cantrip!"

In this desperate situation, Qin Sheng could not care less about the consequences. He looked straight at Zhang Xin and unleashed his spiritual power. The ability that belonged to the shadow warriors was fully activated!

Swoosh…

A flat blade beam whistled past!

Boom!

Qin Luo turned around and looked at the huge crack on the stone wall. He could not help but gulp down a mouthful of saliva. At the same time, he touched his somewhat cold head and swept a glance at a lock of hair on the ground. His scalp went numb!

"It's alright, I almost did!"

Qin Luo Sheng's hands and feet turned to jelly. "If I didn't have a shadow trick, I could have slightly manipulated Zhang Xin and changed the trajectory of the saber gleam. I would be gone by now!"

"Again? Do you have to be so fierce? You're a robot, aren't you tired?"

Without waiting for Qin Luo to catch his breath, Zhang Xin once again sent his saber over!

"Go to hell!"

Qin Luo Sheng, who was still under the enhancement of his ice muscles, was completely unafraid of Zhang Xin, who was in an ordinary state. However, he had just used the shadow cantrip and over-exhausted his mental strength. At this moment, his brain felt like it was being pricked by needles. The pain was unbearable and he could not concentrate to fight. He had no choice but to take out the Water Vein Spirit Pearl.

“Water Vein Impact!”

Energy surged, and the Spiritual Water Pearl was activated. Countless water elements were released, forming a huge whirlpool that enveloped Zhang Xin.

"We're safe for now!"

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Zhang Xin struggling under the strong water pressure. His body went limp and he sat on the ground, his whole body relaxing.

15 seconds!

The duration of the Water Vein Shock was only 15 seconds!

This meant that he only had 15 seconds of rest!

-1112!

-1112!

-1112!

…

200% damage could cause Zhang Xin more than 1,000 damage per second!

This damage was not weak!

After all, this skill was an AOE damage skill!

15 seconds later!

Zhang Xin, who only had 1142 health points left, escaped from the whirlpool!

More accurately, the whirlpool had disappeared without the support of energy!

Just one more strike!

“Could it be that the heavens did not kill me?”

Qin Luo's eyes were tearing apart as he looked at the blood bar on Zhang Xin's head that was no longer red and completely empty!