Chapter 84: The Birth Of The Devil

Qin Luo was stunned!

He was completely dumbfounded!

What kind of godly appearance was this?

He did not understand!

As a very outstanding man, not to mention a big beauty who had achieved three yuan, but a wife who had achieved two yuan, he had fought one after another. What kind of situation had he not seen before?

But!

Now, he was in a daze, unable to think of anything else to say. He had fallen!

It was indescribable!

It was truly indescribable!

The myriad of beautiful words in the world were indescribable!

Calamity?

A kingdom-toppling beauty?

As beautiful as a fairy?

Too trashy!

These were all extraordinary beauties that could be described as extraordinary!

However!

They were only used to describe people!

As for her!

This unknown little girl no longer belonged to this category. She was transcendent. Even the legendary fairies and goddesses were nothing more than this, right?

Or…

Far from it!

Even when Cao Zijian praised Luoshen's famous poem, "Ode to Luoshen", the most beautiful verse in the collection to praise Qin Luo Sheng, he still felt that it was belittling her and even blasphemy!

Such an immortal beauty!

No words could match it!

Past and present lives!

Qin Luo Sheng had seen many beauties, but no matter if it was three dimensional or two dimensional, no one could compare to her. It was extremely difficult!

Even the goddess-like black hair was completely defeated!

The most terrifying thing was that this was only her sleeping beauty state. It was hard to imagine how explosive her charm would be once she woke up and "came alive".

And!

She was still a little girl, about twelve or thirteen years old, young and romantic, not yet at her peak. It was hard to imagine how much charm she would have when she was young and mature!!

Qin Luo Sheng felt like he was in love!

In the past, he used to think that he had a heart of stone. Even if his second wife changed one after another, every time his new wife came out, he would be crazily calling out for her. However, in the blink of an eye, another new wife came out and immediately forgot about his previous wife.

That's right!

He loved the new and hated the old!

But!

Now, he really felt like he had fallen into a trap!

It was not a spur of the moment, nor was it an impulse!

It was real!

"Is she the sealed sinister devil?"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at her in a daze, his emotions in a mess. "This f*cking dog system is too despicable, isn't it? You want me to hit my wife? F*ck your grandpa. Do pure men like me, iron men, look like people who can hit their wives?"

He could not bear to do it!

He really could not bear to do it!

Qin Sheng's rationality told him that she was not a real person. She was just an NPC formed by a bunch of data. She was also a dark-type big boss who caused countless lives to die tragically and could not rest in peace after death. But he just could not bring himself to do it!

"Isn't this too frustrating?"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to cry but had no tears. "This is simply the ultimate test!"

Become a jerk?

Being a caring man?

Become a jerk?

Being a caring man?

Become a jerk?

Being a caring man?

…

Two different thoughts clashed madly in his mind. Qin Sheng was in so much pain that he wanted to die.

It was too difficult!

It was really too difficult!

‘ Can’t you just let me be satisfied for once and choose both?’

I'm still a child. Why must I bear the pain of life that I shouldn't have at my age?

Pa!

Pa!

Pa!

"…"

Don't misunderstand. Qin Sheng was not taking advantage of the situation and doing something inappropriate for children. Instead, he was using the authority of the system to take photos from all directions!

Today, I, Qin, have no choice but to destroy a flower!

However!

This set of photos will exist forever, recording my short and beautiful first love!

She would forever be in my heart!

"Let's begin!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath after putting away the virtual camera and ensuring that the photo was kept properly. The corners of his eyes twitched slightly as he pulled out his longsword, and crocodile tears flowed down!

Come on!

Today, I, Qin, will brandish my sword and sever the threads of love. I will kill my sister to prove my Dao and offer it as a sacrifice to my lost youth!

Buzz…

The tip of the sword was inserted into the opening of the coffin lid. With a forceful tug, the coffin lid loosened and the sword was retracted. Qin Sheng stood at the head of the coffin and exerted strength with both hands. Push!

The coffin was opened!

Without any obstruction, Qin Sheng's gaze landed on the more realistic version of her. His heart could not help but twitch.

No, no!

I'm dying, I'm dying!

Too cute, too beautiful!

My maiden heart!

"How the f*ck am I supposed to do that!"

Qin Luo was wailing!

His good looks almost pierced through his heart. Luckily, he held himself back in the end. He was merciful and compassionate. Lust was emptiness, emptiness was lust!

But!

Everything was destroyed after the coffin lid was lifted!

With her godly looks and her unique body scent…

It's over!

Wait for death!

It was hopeless!

Farewell!

Qin Luo Sheng had a dazed and confused look on his face. He raised the sword in his hand but did not lower it after a long time.

‘ What?’

Killing his sister to prove his Dao?

Are you even human?

How could he bear to touch such a beautiful girl?

Beast!

Boom…

Qin Luo was uncertain, but someone had decided for him.

Suddenly, the ground shook!

"Who dares to disturb my slumber!"

Accompanied by a furious roar, a true sinister devil was born!

Qin Luo Sheng looked over in horror, only to see a ball of black mist drifting over from an unknown place. It carried an indescribably terrifying power of darkness, suppressing over violently with the might of lightning. Its target was precisely this joker.

"F*ck, what's going on?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded. "Could it be that this little girl isn't a sealed sinister devil?"

He did not know!

There was no time to investigate further!

Because!

That black fog had already charged over!

Swoosh…

Qin Sheng managed to dodge the first wave of attack by the black mist.

"Could it be that my cheap hand opened the coffin and released something incredible?"

After the black fog attacked, it did not launch a second attack. Instead, it floated to the crystal coffin to check on the little girl.

Qin Qin Sheng felt offended!

Damn it!

Who was he looking down on?

I'm a living person here. I'm obviously here to find trouble. Why don't you look at me?

After confirming that Qin Sheng had yet to do anything, the black mist heaved a sigh of relief. Then, a series of extremely vicious insults floated out, "Damned ants, filthy bugs, despicable humans…"

Qin Sheng:…

What was going on?

Who taught you so many f*cking words?

Aren't you the big boss?

Where was the massive attack just now?

Why did he change his mouth?

"…Despicable, shameless, trash, dog thief…"

It was still cursing!

That's right!

He was still scolding!

He did not stop at all, and his vocabulary was so rich and varied that it was truly breathtaking. Even Qin Sheng, who had been passively subjected to such vicious insults and was known as the Zuan grand pianist who had perfected the keyboard, had no choice but to give him a Like.

"Interesting!"

Although it was just a ball of mist and did not have a concrete face, Qin Luo Sheng, who had a high level of attainment in the Dao of Fire, could imagine the twisted expression of extreme rage from its rich language and tone.

It did not disturb the old man's mood of scolding!

Seizing this opportunity!

[Probing Skill] activated!