Chapter 83: The Girl In The Crystal Coffin

"Although I don't have a clear understanding of the sinister devils' abilities, to be able to destroy the Demon-Buster Army and make so many Taoist masters return empty-handed, and even seal the entire Bright Luster Mine with such a huge amount of light energy, they must be extremely powerful!"

Qin Luo rubbed his chin with a contemplative look on his face. "Although the dog system is a scam, it wouldn't launch a mission that has no chance of winning, right?"

Everything made sense!

Anything was possible!

This was Fate Corporation's official declaration!

Since this hidden quest appeared in the Beginner's Village, the system determined that with the abilities of new players, it was enough to complete the quest!

"In that case, I still have a chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but turn his gaze towards the coffin with a faint gaze. "There's no need to think about the sinister devils at their peak. Perhaps they can kill me with a single breath. In other words, the only chance given by the system—Seal!"

“Since the High Priest’s mission is to take the initiative and kill the Nefarious Devil before it breaks the seal, it means that the Nefarious Devil is so weak that even he has a chance to kill it!”

Hmm!

That must be it!

Qin Luo Sheng nodded to himself, feeling that his guess was correct!

"As the mainframe that controls this enormous virtual world, its energy is not something that humans can imagine. There shouldn't be any flaws in its calculations, especially when it is only a one-time use hidden mission related to many main storylines!"

Qin Luo pulled open the mission panel once more and looked at the time that was continuously passing by. His eyes narrowed slightly. "The time for the sinister devil to escape is two days, while the time for me to complete the mission is only 24 hours a day."

"The timing is so delicate!"

"If I'm not wrong, my chance should be within 24 hours of this day. If I exceed it, even if the sinister devils cannot break out of the mine, they are no longer a match for me. Therefore, giving me one more day is meaningless."

Since that was the case…

Qin Luo took a deep breath and tightened his grip on Bloodlust and Coiling Dragon Water. He moved his feet towards the strange coffin.

Quickly! Quickly!

If there was a chance, he would seize it and fight to the end!

What Qin Luo Sheng was afraid of was not even giving him a chance. He was completely crushed. He could not accept such a failure!

50 meters!

20 meters!

10 meters!

At this distance, Qin Sheng finally saw the true face of the coffin!

"Is it a pure white crystal coffin?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was odd.

From afar, he had seen a rainbow!

"It should be a visual deception caused by the refraction of light!"

Qin Luo did not mind either.

It didn't matter what color the coffin was. What mattered was what was inside the coffin.

"Still no reaction?"

The closer he got to the coffin, the more tense Qin Sheng's nerves became. At this moment, he was like a bird that was startled by the twang of a bowstring. The moment there was the slightest movement, he would react immediately. The time taken would definitely not exceed a second.

"Is he deliberately baiting me, or is he sealed and sleeping so that he can't see the outside world?"

The peaceful situation made Qin Luo hesitant.

Many facts had proven!

The more abnormal it was, the stranger it was!

On the surface, it looked calm, but in reality, the dangers lurking were so terrifying that one could not even imagine it!

"I'm not waiting anymore! Whether it's a trap or not, I have to take this step! Instead of wasting my time here, I might as well take this step as soon as possible."

Qin Luo Sheng violently shook his head, throwing all thoughts of gradual deification to the back of his mind.

It was a good thing to have a plan, but that was within his control. Only then could he say "plan"!

Once things exceeded their own limits and they were out of control, the so-called plan was just bullshit. Not only would it not bring about any practical effect, but it would also cause them to overthink and lose a good opportunity.

So!

When faced with such a situation, there was only one word—

Reckless!

That's right!

It was reckless!

They both had a pair of eyes, a mouth, and two hands. What the f*ck, what the f*ck, just do it!

Hence!

The stagnant footsteps started again!

10 meters!

5 meters!

Three meters!

One meter!

He had already reached the distance where he could reach the crystal coffin with just a stretch of his hand, yet there was still no abnormality at this point. Only then did Qin Sheng believe that it was likely that the demonic devil had fallen into a deep slumber and could not come into contact with the outside world. It was not a so-called trap.

"Is he trying to make me take the initiative and kill him while he's down?"

Qin Luo Sheng heaved a heavy sigh of relief and wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, trying his best to calm his violently beating heart.

Fighting with the air for half a day without talking about shame was very taxing on the brain!

Before the battle had even begun, he was already mentally exhausted!

What a tragedy!

"I'm going up!"

After encouraging himself, Qin Luo started to climb.

That's right, he was climbing!

Although the crystal coffin was within reach, he could only touch the base that protected it.

The seven-colored bright ores seemed to have been carved and gathered together to form a natural sculpture that looked like a snow lotus. The crystal coffin was placed in the stamen and protected by many sharp 'snow lotus petals'.

After carefully passing through the layers of barriers, Qin Luo finally entered deep into the "lotus" and jumped down into the "stamen".

From a distance, it looked like a blooming snow lotus, but there was no direct understanding of it.

However!

He entered to take a look!

Only then did Qin Qin Sheng realize that he was too shortsighted!

It was a huge stone platform. It was round and had a diameter of about 20 meters. There was nothing around it, not even a single rock. The entire platform only had the crystal coffin placed in the center.

"Is this the final battleground?"

Qin Luo glanced around.

Empty!

Broad!

There were no obstacles at all!

There were bright ores protruding all around him. They were extremely sharp!

Instantly!

The words "Beast Fighting Cage" appeared in Qin Luo Sheng's mind!

How similar!

They were exactly the same!

However!

Losing the audience!

Furthermore, there was an additional coffin!

Qin Sheng reached out his trembling hand and tried again. Finally, he steeled his heart and placed his hand on the crystal coffin!

Eh?

No reaction?

Oh!

Then everything was fine!

Qin Luo blushed when he found nothing unusual after waiting for a long time.

Tsk tsk!

Another wave of battle of wits and courage against the air!

F*ck, if this continued, he felt like he was going to become mentally retarded!

Forget it!

If you want to die, go to heaven!

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and stopped probing. He stretched his head over!

"What is this?"

Inside the luxurious and beautiful crystal coffin, the one lying on the ground was not the hideous devil that he had imagined, but a little girl?