Chapter 85: Current Health Points: 1!

[Elder Feng (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: LV 12

Health Points: 500,000

Attack: 10,000

Defense: 4,500

Speed: 380

Skills:???

Introduction: None.

Status: Sealed, strength greatly reduced.

Qin Sheng:…

System, I c

M!

See? I c

M!

"What the heck is going on!"

Tears streamed down Qin Luo's face as his heart ached.

Haha!

After the previous analysis, he believed in the dog system's integrity and believed that it would not place an impossible mission in the beginner village. Since it existed, it was definitely reasonable. It would definitely allow players to complete it at this stage.

Naive!

Too naive!

This was a mission that players could complete?

This was a BOSS that players could kill?

Fuck you!

Who are you trying to fool?

The highest level in the Beginner's Village was 10. Yes, that's right!

However!

Look! Look!

What was this?

Level 12!

Come!

Shout along with me—

Ten!

Two!

He had broken the limit of level 12, Epic Strength, Health Points as high as 50W +, Attack exceeded 10,000, Defense almost 5,000, Speed as high as 380!

Hur!

This was a BOSS that players from the beginner village could deal with?

You're making me laugh!

And!

At this level, it was actually a f*cking "great drop in strength"?

Listen! Listen!

Was this human language?

Tell me, if I don't get sealed, will this Elder Feng really fly into the sky?

"It's gone, it's really gone!"

After comparing his attributes, Qin Sheng remained silent for a long while. His fighting spirit instantly dissipated and his eyes were dull. "It's really over this time!"

It was alright to die once!

It was impossible to defeat such a powerful BOSS at this stage!

However!

In this special mission, the price of dying once was too severe. Everything would return to zero and be completely reduced. It was slightly better than deleting his account. He could retain the ID "Weeping Soul"!

However!

What use was that?

Without the level, he could train again. Without the equipment, he could fight back. Without the skills, he could learn again… But without the Lord of Stars, he was completely finished.

Unwilling!

He was really indignant!

It didn’t matter if the enemy was strong. Even if there was only the slightest chance, he would risk his life for it, and he would absolutely not give up!

What a pity!

The System did not have such an opportunity!

This was a complete and utter crushing of power. He was like the Sun Wukong facing Buddha Gautama. There was no way for him to escape the Five Finger Mountain and he had no power to resist.

It was over!

So be it!

Perhaps, that was good too!

With the Lords of the Stars, it was too smooth-sailing and too arrogant!

He could start all over again. It would be good if he could be down-to-earth and temper his combat ability!

If he did not rely on his attributes and skills to increase his combat power, but instead, he could perform on his own and surpass his limits. He would be able to unleash an ability of only 10 to 12. This was true strength.

Furthermore!

Without the Lords of Stars, what if he awakened an even more powerful talent?

After all!

I am a transmigrator, a child of destiny!

However!

Even if I am destined to die, I will bite off a piece of your flesh!

We men should be able to stand tall and proud in the world. How can we submit to your tyranny like livestock being slaughtered?

"Come, Elder Feng!"

Qin Sheng, who had sorted out the many knots in his heart in the blink of an eye, raised his head and puffed out his chest. His spirit was like a great bell and he was no longer afraid. All he had was a will to fight and an unyielding will.

"I'll use you to test my capability!"

As he laughed heartily, Qin Luo Sheng was already wielding both swords in his hands and bursting forth with energy. "Use the fire of my life to release the final dazzling fireworks. Let's see if it's dazzling!"

"Interesting, how interesting!"

Looking at the resolute expression on Qin Sheng's face, as if he had no regrets about dying, and sensing his boundless battle intent that was akin to a raging tsunami, Boss Feng was surprised. "Brat, you're still the first interesting human I've ever met. If it were in the past, I would bestow upon you a dignified death, preserve your corpse, retain your soul, and make you my subordinate."

At this point, Elder Feng paused for a moment and glanced at Qin Sheng. When he saw that Qin Sheng was expressionless and unmoved, he instantly let out a strange cackle and said coldly, "However, it's your fault. You actually dared to offend Little Lord. Unforgivable, absolutely unforgivable!"

"Cut the crap!" Qin Sheng shouted and glared at him like a furious king. "— Come on!"

"Alright!" Elder Feng walked out of the black fog and revealed his true form. He turned into a skinny old man with a pair of turbid old eyes that revealed undisguised admiration and killing intent.

"Since you've already come to your senses, then I'll fulfill your wish and send you on your way! You don't have to worry about the cold on the road to the netherworld because your soul is destined to dissipate and you'll never be able to reach the other side of the netherworld and reincarnate."

"Is that so?" Qin Luo Sheng was fearless. "Scared out of my wits? Hahaha—that's exactly what I wanted!"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

The snake slithered like lightning!

Ding… your speed + 50%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

"Clever!"

The light from the Jungle Scamper's hunting boots circulated, and the speed enhancement array imprinted on it was instantly activated!

Ding… your speed + 50%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

"Attack!"

The Jungle Scamper hunter was shining brightly. Energy overflowed and seeped into his wrist!

Ding… your Attack Speed + 50%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

"Leopard Tu!"

The cheetahs attacked with lightning speed!

"Ding, your speed + 100%, evasion + 100%, lasts for 30 seconds!"

A crazy outburst!

A crazy increase!

In a short period of time, Qin Sheng's strength increased tremendously!

"Is that all?"

Elder Feng stood at the side with his hands behind his back and did not attack. He looked at Qin Sheng with interest as if he was watching a monkey perform. "Still too weak!"

"It's not over yet!"

Qin Luo roared at the sky. Veins popped out on his forehead, neck and arms.

"Undying Battle Intent!"

Battle intent soared and killing intent filled the air!

Ding… your Attack Power + 3880, 100% absolute Critical Hit, Attack Power + 1 meter, Duration: Infinite! '

Elder Feng panicked!

Facing such surging battle intent, violent killing intent!

He panicked!

Only now did he realize that the little demon that had barged in was not a husky, but a ferocious and violent wolf!

He might be able to accept this power, but it was still within his control. However, this aura was too powerful, too powerful. Someone who could possess such an aura was definitely not an ordinary person!

"Demon Blood Sacrifice!"

The black earring on his right ear was instantly activated, releasing a dense power of darkness, forming a black curtain. Within it, a faint cold smile could be heard, as if a demon was whispering in his ear.

"Execution effect 1. Compression of health points—"

Qin Luo Sheng's lips curled into a cold smile. His eyes were filled with extreme madness as he shouted out a number like a madman. "14720!"

Ding… Your Attack Power + 14,720. Current Health Points: 1! '