Chapter 82: A Strange Coffin

Scam!

A huge crater!

No!

More accurately, it was a ball!

At the bottom was a semi-circle pit, and above it was a semi-circle sky!

With a glance, specks of light bloomed in the darkness.

Those should be Bright Ores!

It was indeed worthy of being a treasure that the Imperial Court placed great importance on. It was even willing to send a legion of the Demon-Buster Army to guard the front line. Just by relying on the darkness, it was able to break through its shackles and release light. The strength and performance of the Radiant Ore was worthy of praise.

"Is this where the sinister devils are hiding?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked around coldly but did not find anything unusual.

"Is he in a deep sleep, or has he already discovered me, but doesn't want to take the initiative to launch a sneak attack?"

Logically speaking, in this quiet world, with his footsteps just now, as the local evil demon, he should have already sensed it. But now, there was no movement at all. It was as if this place was a land of death, without any living beings. Everything was silent.

"No matter what tricks you play, this battle is inevitable!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, a resolute look on his face. "No matter what your situation is, even if I have to flip this damn place upside down, I will drag you out. Either you die, or I die."

Following the rope left behind by the previous miners, Qin Sheng descended from the mouth of the tunnel and entered a deep pit filled with bright ores. This also meant that he had officially stepped into the lair of the mastermind.

"What a miracle!"

As he walked on top of the mine, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the bright ores that were emitting intense light power around him and was inexplicably shocked.

Even though he was in the darkness, could he still maintain himself from being assimilated, and instead bloom even more brilliantly?

Amazing!

The mine was huge, and so was the mineral vein!

The ores that were produced with extremely high purity were in the center of the ore vein, which was also the center of the mine!

Qin Luo Sheng could not tell the size of the energy, but he had eyes and could see the strength of the light. The higher the purity of the Radiant Ore, the stronger the light it emitted!

He walked over!

The Radiant Ores in the center of the ore vein were not only highly pure, but they also contained strong energy. Many of them had also mutated and turned into other colors. They emitted various kinds of energy, illuminating the center of the ore vein in all kinds of colors.

He stepped into it!

Qin Luo Sheng seemed to have walked into a fairytale. His body was shrouded in countless lights and his entire being was floating like an immortal. This resplendent world was like a heavenly kingdom.

The dense power of light dispelled the power of darkness. Qin Sheng felt unusually warm as his body wandered within it. He no longer felt as cold as before, as if he was seriously ill.

However!

Although his body and mind were extremely comfortable and made people want to relax, Qin Sheng firmly remembered his purpose and did not dare to be the slightest bit careless. He was highly focused and kept scanning his surroundings with narrowed eyes, attempting to find traces of the sinister devils.

However!

He was destined to be disappointed!

Ores, ores, or ores!

Other than ores, there was nothing else here. There wasn't even an ordinary stone. There were priceless mutated Radiant Ores everywhere!

"Eh, what's that?"

As he walked, Qin Luo walked, entering the heart of the ore vein. Here, he finally discovered a foreign object, a foreign object that was incompatible with the Radiant Ore.

"Coffin?"

Qin Luo Sheng had a strange look on his face.

There was actually a coffin in such a godforsaken place?

Could this be a graveyard?

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head, frowning.

The Radiance Mine was an ore that contained the power of light, and it was naturally the power of darkness that opposed the power of light.

This was a mine that contained a large amount of Radiant Ore. In other words, the power of light here was extremely rich.

The coffin in the middle of the mine was too strange!

Generally speaking, coffins had to be buried in the ground. Although it was buried deep in the mines, it was obviously abnormal for it to be placed on top of mineral veins that were filled with light energy.

Combined with the previous information,

Perhaps the one in the coffin was a sinister devil!

The mineral vein with the power of light was the seal!

That made sense!

The predecessors had used the Radiance Mine as their energy source to open the seal and suppress evil spirits forever!

But Man proposes, God disposes!

This perfect natural seal had been destroyed when the later generations discovered the mines and excavated the ores, allowing the evil demons to be released.

Fortunately, the center of the mine was still a restricted area and had not been mined. The miners had only destroyed a corner of the outer seal.

Because of this, the sinister devils were unable to completely escape. They could only release the power of darkness through the cracks of the destroyed seal!

When the power of darkness was released, the first to bear the brunt were the miners who mined the ores. They were the first to be corroded, and then they were reduced to nothing. In the end, their corpses decayed, becoming the sinister devil's pawns.

Such an anomaly could not be hidden from the Demon-Buster Army stationed nearby!

Against the sinister devils, as the Demon-Buster Army, they naturally had nothing to fear!

Thus, Zhang Xin led his army into the mine to suppress the evil demons!

At this point!

Both sides started fighting!

What a pity!

The Demon-Buster Army had been completely wiped out; not a single one had escaped!

This also explained what Wang Damin had said. The Demon-Buster Army's tents and other supplies were all there, but no one was there!

The Demon-Buster Army had failed, but it was not without battle achievements. At least, after the great battle, the mine had collapsed, preventing others from entering to deliver food to the Demon-Buster Army, giving the Demon-Buster's flesh, blood, and soul spirits a boost in the speed of breaking the seal.

Of course, there were definitely other methods that outsiders didn’t know about. Otherwise, the sinister devil’s dark power would have long seeped out and wouldn’t have remained dormant for so long.

Many years later, until now!

The Demon-Buster Army and the Heavenly Teacher and higher-ups that had entered later on had all disappeared due to time!

At this moment, the power of darkness became active again, passing through the mine and seeping out.

In the beginning, it was only the wild beasts in the forest that were contaminated, causing a large number of demonized creatures to be born!

Later!

The power of darkness was getting stronger, and there were more demonized creatures. They killed the hunters who went to the forest to hunt, and the hunters' corpses were infected by the darkness and turned into zombies!

After that, the power of darkness continued to spread, affecting the outside of the forest.

Perhaps because of the existence of the sun, the power of darkness was weakened and could not be as strong as it was in the forest. It only made the wild wolves, bulls, and other animals living on the plains restless and violent. They were not completely demonized!

However, this also raised the alertness of the humans. The Divine Temple was moving, and so were the officials. Wang Damin, the leader of the militia, was sent to the front of the forest to investigate. After knowing the severity of the situation, he began to establish a defensive line to resist the invasion of the monsters.

However!

They were still too optimistic!

If they had reported this earlier and the Imperial Court had sent an expert down, perhaps the situation would not have developed to such a critical stage!

The sinister devil was about to emerge. The destruction of the village and the city was right before their eyes!

Since there was no way to stop him, he could only strike first.

The only way to resolve this crisis was to kill the sinister devil before it completely escaped the mine and nip the disaster in the bud.

But!

There was no one in the surrounding villages that could use it!

The reinforcements from the Imperial Court could not make it in time!

With no other choice, that sly old fox, the High Priest, had tricked him and accepted this damned mission. After a series of battles, he had finally arrived here.

"So, am I the scapegoat?"

After figuring out the cause and effect, Qin Sheng sighed helplessly.

Damn it!

I'll take care of the sins you guys have committed!

It was really—unjust!