Chapter 87: Unyielding Faith, Undying Army Soul

Ding… Elder Feng has used the Dark Binding. You have been restricted and cannot use skills. Items are forbidden! '

At this moment, the system notification sounded. It was not a good news, but bad news.

Immobilization? Silence? Forbidden item?

Qin Luo's heart sank to the bottom!

This was completely cutting off all his escape routes!

"As expected, how could a boss behind the scenes be killed so easily!"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart was filled with bitterness. "The battle of Backwater, the amplification of life and death, in the end, it's only a powerful strength and speed. Compared to an existence that possesses unfathomable abilities, it's still too far off. In the end, the other party's foundation is deep! The one who lost… is not wrong!"

"What an amazing power! I've lived for so long and have seen many treasures, but this is the first time I've seen pure demon power transformed from such pure faith."

Elder Feng laughed. "So this is the so-called human race. The source of all evil, the leader of all poisons. They are also so savage when they fight internally. They actually persecuted their own kind to such an extent. Tsk tsk, how desperate must one be to turn from a human into a demon and sink into the demonic path, producing such a huge amount of negative energy to form this unparalleled demonic artifact?"

Qin Luo remained silent.

"However, this is all for this seat!"

Elder Feng's eyes were filled with greed. He stretched out his hand and grabbed Qin Sheng's right ear. "How can such a demonic weapon be controlled by a mortal like you? Let me accept it!"

Ding… your [Demon Blood Sacrifice] has been stripped! '

‘ What?’

Qin Qin Sheng's pupils dilated!

Equipment stripped?

Could the equipment on the players be taken away by the NPCs?

Qin Luo did not believe it!

However, when he saw Elder Feng, who had wrinkles on his face that could crush mosquitoes, holding the familiar earring while laughing maniacally, he fell silent!

"Ding! Your health points have returned to normal. Your attack power has decreased by 29,440 points!"

Qin Sheng felt his heart clench as he watched the tens of thousands of high-level attacks fall back to less than 10,000 and 10,000.

However!

Very quickly, he was relieved!

Now that he had become a lamb waiting to be slaughtered, so what if he had 100,000 attacks?

And!

Since the Devil's Blood Sacrifice was gone, so be it. Since the mission had failed, everything was clear. There was no difference between losing it earlier or later!

“Junior, are you going to give up just like that?”

Just as Qin Luo was about to close his eyes and wait for death, a deep and forceful voice suddenly exploded in his mind, causing his scalp to go numb.

“Who? Who is it?”

Qin Luo's eyes widened in anger.

"It's me!"

A transparent figure slowly appeared and transformed into a burly man.

"Zhang—Zhang Xin?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes. "Aren't you already dead?"

"I have to thank you for that. You were the one who defeated my body, which was controlled by the sinister devils, and freed me from my shell!" Zhang Xin said, "Alright, now is not the time to talk about this. Are you ready?"

"Prepare? Prepare what?" Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

Zhang Xin: "Naturally to kill the evil demons!"

Qin Luo said sadly, "But, I'm already at my wit's end!"

"No, we still have a chance!" Zhang Xin's figure slowly became faint as he solemnly said, "The rest is up to you!"

Buzz…

Energy vibrated and rumbled!

Qin Luo opened his eyes and saw the Illusionary Spirit ribbon around his waist. Suddenly, a ball of golden energy spilled out and floated into the air, transforming into Zhang Xin's appearance.

"I was wondering who it was, but it's you!"

Elder Feng, who was immersed in ecstasy after obtaining the blood sacrifice of the Evil Demon, was shocked by the sudden change. When he saw Zhang Xin, he immediately felt relieved and had a disdainful look on his face. "I didn't expect that your soul hasn't been destroyed after so long. Forget it, I'm very happy today. I'll completely transcend you and free you!"

"A man dies in battle, a strong man dies in battle!"

Zhang Xin ignored Elder Feng. His body was like a javelin as he roared furiously, "Soul return!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless golden lights bloomed!

One after another, they flew out of the ribbon and entered Qin Sheng's body.

"Junior, I'll leave everything to you!"

Zhang Xin cast a glance at Elder Feng, who was howling and retreating due to the strong light. His soul landed, and he looked deeply at Qin Sheng. Then, he transformed into a beam of light and rushed into Qin Sheng's body.

"We have never left. We have always been here!"

"We will settle our blood feud today!"

"Our souls, our beliefs, and our strength are all entrusted to you!"

"You are with our will!"

A power as warm as the sun filled his entire body. The shackles formed by the power of darkness were instantly broken!

"I see!"

Qin Luo, who had regained his freedom, looked at the identity tokens he had collected in the Illusionary Spirit ribbon. At this moment, they were all dim and on the verge of shattering. Only then did he come to a realization.

"Even if I die and my body is enslaved, I will never submit to evil demons. I will place my soul in my identity token and wait in despair and hope!"

Qin Luo Sheng muttered, "When I was alive, I risked life and limb to fight evil, not caring about my life. After I died, my will was still there, and my army's soul was still there."

"Not thinking about power and wealth, not seeking pleasure, for the country, for the people, for the human race. Even if you sacrifice yourself, your soul will not enter the cycle of reincarnation, and your heart will only think about your country and the world. When you have a successor, you will not despise a noob like me and are willing to entrust everything to me. Is this what a soldier is like? How great!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng's expression turned unprecedentedly serious!

Now!

He was not only responsible for his own life and future, he was also responsible for the faith and trust of Zhang Xin and his group of adorable people, as well as the lives of millions of people in the villages around the world!

"Ding! Due to unknown reasons, your Health Points have increased by 100%, Mana Points have increased by 100%, Attack Power has increased by 100%, Defense has increased by 100%, Speed has increased by 100%, and you are not affected by any control skills. Lasts for 3 minutes!"

"Is this your final will?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the system notification and his gaze instantly turned sharp!

"I, Qin Sheng, will not let you down!"

Swoosh!

His body flickered, and ghost shadows appeared everywhere!

"Old Ghost, our second half has begun!"

Qin Sheng, who had teleported behind Elder Feng, moved closer and whispered in a low voice, "Shadow Spike!"

A familiar rhythm, a familiar formula!

With a stab, Elder Feng was stunned once again!

-5,2098!

Was this the limit?

Qin Luo Sheng looked expressionlessly at the damage numbers floating above Old Man Feng's head and narrowed his eyes.

Indeed!

Facing a Boss of this level, without the heaven-defying enhancement of the Demon Blood Sacrifice, the damage was really too weak. Even with the power provided by Zhang Xin and the other soldiers' souls, their attributes were doubled. Compared to before, they were on completely different levels!

However!

It was enough!