Chapter 81: The End Of The Tunnel

[Blade Aura Rampage (Gold)] consumes a certain amount of magic and casts on a single target for long-range attacks! Requirement: Berserker!

Qin Luo's eyes widened!

Wasn't this Zhang Xin's specialty?

Although Zhang Xin was using Saber Qi and the skill book was Sword Qi, they were essentially the same. Not bad!

"Do I finally have long-range attacks?"

Tears streamed down Qin Luo's face!

In the previous battle with Zhang Xin, the reason why it was so strenuous was largely due to Zhang Xin's long-range attack ability. The Saber Qi was unceasing, simply like a physical cannon.

"As long as I learn this skill, my chances of winning against the mastermind will be higher!"

The Shadow Warrior had all sorts of attacking, assassination, control, evasion, and displacement abilities. It was already very comprehensive. Now, with the addition of long-range attacks, it was like adding wings to a tiger.

Close combat allowed the Qin Emperor to circle around the pillar!

Retreat, flank, retreat, guerrilla warfare!

Comfortable, comfortable!

Ding… Skill Book Sword Aura Refinement complete! '

Starlight flashed past!

Qin Luo Sheng picked up the skill book again!

[Blade Aura Rampage (Epic)] consumes a certain amount of magic and casts on a single target for long-range attacks! Requirement: Berserker!

Was it Epic again?

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly disappointed.

He did not know if the Epic stage was the limit of sublimation or if the unlucky one did not trigger the leap.

He really wanted to see how strong a legend that was one level higher than the Epic stage was. Unfortunately, it never went as he wished.

However!

Epic was also very powerful!

Qin Qin Sheng was not so arrogant as to disregard the Epic stage!

With a wave of his hand, the skill book turned into a stream of light and entered his glabella. The system prompt also sounded—

"Ding, you have learned a skill: Sword Qi Rampage. Please check the skill column!"

[Sword Qi Rampage] LV1, 0 / 5000, Effect (1). Costs 500 Mana Points to activate a single target within 5 meters, causing 300% strength damage and additional Bleeding effect. Cooldown: 30 seconds! Effect (2). After activation, it consumes 100 Mana Points per second. Every normal attack carries Sword Aura within 2 meters of the target. Damage intensity: 120%! Cooldown: None!

So powerful!

Qin Luo Sheng sucked in a breath of cold air. Looking at the skill introduction, he was speechless!

Two effects, one strong attack, one continuous!

Compared to the Berserk Strike, which was also an Epic Skill, Sword Qi Rampage's attacking ability was not considered strong. Not only did its attack weaken by 200%, but it also did not reduce the enemy's stats by a BUG. It looked like it was completely useless, but Sword Qi Rampage had its unique advantages—long-range attack and CD!

Sword Aura Rampage was a long-range attack skill. Its practicality and flexibility were much better than the Berserk Strike. Moreover, its CD time was only 30 seconds, which was one-sixth of the Berserk Strike. In addition, Sword Aura Rampage had a second ability—Infinite Durability!

Such a tyrant was worthy of the title of 'epic'!

Qin Luo's second ability was especially important for a warrior like Qin Sheng who fought purely close to the body.

As long as he had enough mana, he would be able to continuously activate the Sword Aura attack ability. Every time he attacked, he would be able to release a two-meter-long Sword Aura.

Perhaps other players thought that it was useless. After all, even if it was a mage who had all his points added to his mental strength, his total mana was only about 1,000 or so. Warriors mainly added points to their strength and physique. Mana points? Two to three hundred! The consumption of Sword Auras was 100 mana points per second. It could not be sustained.

However!

To Qin Sheng, this was nothing at all!

The Lord of the Stars had increased his mana limit by 8,000 points. In addition to the additional attributes of many equipment, especially the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice], it had increased Qin Sheng's spirit by 100 points, which was 1,000 mana points. It was more than enough to sustain 100 mana points per second!

Qin Luo was delighted to have gained yet another powerful skill. He then proceeded to check the last loot!

[Treasure Map]

Type: Treasure Map

Effect: None

Introduction: The Demon-Buster Army, led by the Demon-Buster Great General Zhang Xin, has received orders to exterminate the evil demons of the White Bone Mountain and obtain the treasures. As they received orders to guard the Radiance Mine, they did not have time to bring the spoils of war with them. They could only bury them on the spot and set up a barrier. This scroll records the route to find the treasures and the ability to open the barrier.

It was a treasure map!

Qin Luo was overjoyed!

No one knew better than him how much benefits this thing could bring.

Previously, he had obtained a treasure map of the Naga Race. It was dropped after the Naga Priest was killed. It originally belonged to Yatu's team, but after killing the Thunder Union's group, Qing Si had given it to him!

With the treasure map, Qin Luo had taken the risk to enter the Luo River and found the Naga Race's altar. He opened the treasure chest and obtained the Water Vein Spirit Pearl. Then, he killed his way into the ancestral land of the Naga Race and killed the sealed Naga Empress, obtaining the powerful Epic-ranked weapon [Coiling Dragon Water].

He had gained a lot!

He did not let down the reputation of the treasure map.

This one should not disappoint!

However!

Now was not the time to think about this. There was still a mission that had not been completed. If the mission failed, there was no need to think about finding the treasure. Everything would return to the state before it was liberated. The treasure map would definitely be lost.

"Let's continue!"

After putting away the treasure map, Qin Luo took out Bloodlust and Coiling Dragon Li Water. Taking a deep breath, he walked around Zhang Xin's corpse and walked out of the tunnel on the second floor of the mine, heading deeper into the cave.

At the end of the tunnel was endless darkness.

Even with Qin Sheng's vision of darkness, he could only see a little more than a meter around him. The outer perimeter was swallowed by darkness and was in chaos.

Alone in the darkness!

The world was silent!

It was his first time facing such an environment. Qin Sheng could not help but feel flustered and breathless!

He was still a child after all. When had he experienced something so terrible?!

Even though humans were divided between good and evil, and it was difficult to differentiate between chaos and evil, in the end, they still yearned for light and hated darkness!

Furthermore!

He clearly knew that there was an indescribable danger lurking in the darkness. There was an unknown and terrifying sinister devil that could only exist between them, yet he had no choice but to continue advancing. It was really terrible!

Fortunately!

This state did not last long!

Very soon, Qin Sheng saw specks of light not far ahead. Even though it was very dim, there was undoubtedly light!

"This is…"

Qin Luo Sheng, who had been suppressing himself to the point of going crazy, immediately quickened his pace. When he walked out of the tunnel and saw the thing that was emitting light, his breathing stopped and his eyes were filled with disbelief and shock.