Chapter 80: Sword Qi Rampage

Even though it was still early in the morning, there were already many pedestrians in the district!

In a city like Shanghai, where the pace of life was extremely fast, many people were busy all day long in order to survive. The immense pressure made it hard for people to breathe.

If he had not met Fate Dimension, or if he had not awakened the super-god talent of the Lord of the Stars, Qin Luo Sheng would probably be the same as them!

No!

Even they could not compare!

After all, this was a high-end district. Those who could live here were either rich or noble. At the very least, they were elites, high-level employees, or small bosses!

What about him?

What a loser!

If he hadn't used the Starlight Miracle to cheat and upgrade his equipment, he would still be living in the damp and dark basement!

For breakfast today, Qin Sheng did not choose the perfect combination of steamed dumplings and porridge. Instead, he ordered a big bowl of wonton and a cup of soybean milk!

The congee was good, but it was really not very good!

Qin Sheng did not mind if he could eat normally at noon.

Except that once he was in the game, he didn’t know when he’d be free, especially with that damned mine. He wondered how many more floors down there were.

Yesterday, due to the time limit of the game, he had to go offline!

However!

It was a good thing that he had a good sleep and was able to make up for his fatigue!

After all, if one wanted to do a good job, one had to first use the tools!

However!

There was really not much time left. There was no chance for him to rest!

This time, he had to fight to the end. Either he succeeded or he failed!

At this moment, stamina was especially important!

The wonton was much hungrier than the porridge. A big bowl of it was enough for two meals a meal. The system would not kick him offline because he was too hungry.

Soon!

A big bowl of wonton was served!

Regardless of the taste of the noodle restaurant, the amount was indeed sufficient. It could be seen that the boss was an honest person!

Qin Luo Sheng was hungry as well. Regardless of whether he had just come out of the pot, he picked one up with his chopsticks and blew on it gently before taking a bite carefully.

Hmm!

Not bad!

The skin was thin and the stuffing was big. It was indeed an added version. It was awesome!

He took a sip of soy milk to relieve the spiciness!

His taste buds were stimulated, and his appetite was stimulated as he wolfed down his food!

In less than five minutes, a big bowl of wonton was finished!

He wiped his mouth and finished the remaining half of the bowl of soy milk in one gulp!

Qin Luo burped and got up to pay the bill!

He walked out of the restaurant!

At this moment, the sky was already bright and there were more people on the streets!

The noodle restaurant seemed to be quite popular. A few groups of people rushed in. It was obvious that they had already locked onto their target. They were probably regular customers.

Qin Qin Sheng went to a small supermarket nearby and bought a bottle of ice-cold Happy Home Water. He opened it on the spot and drank half a bottle in one go.

The breakfast was spicy and cold. It was a torture for the stomach and chrysanthemum!

Qin Luo was already used to it!

This was the normal life of a loser!

Besides, he was from Chuan Yu!

He had developed a certain level of resistance from eating spicy food!

The spiciness of Shanghai was nothing!

…

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to the game world!

"Fortunately, it's still there!"

Opening his eyes and looking at the familiar surroundings, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

He was really afraid that after he went offline, the dog system would send him out of the mine. Everything would start over again. If that happened, he would really go crazy.

Fortunately!

This time, the system's moral integrity was upheld!

He scanned his surroundings but did not see a single ghost. He listened carefully but did not hear any sound.

He looked ahead again!

Zhang Xin's corpse was half-kneeling there, still in the same position as in his memory!

"As expected, this is not a general map!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin. "It's either Time Freeze, or it has been carried out since the moment we went offline yesterday. However, that's unlikely. After all, the mission time is passing without stopping. Then, there's only one explanation. This mine is a hidden map, specially created for hidden missions. Its nature is special!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the mission panel and looked at the dazzling number that had already jumped to one digit on the time limit. He was even more certain of his thoughts.

"Zhang Xin, this BOSS, didn't revive. We can still deny that the BOSS spawned for a long time, but it's the same for those fallen soldiers. This doesn't make sense."

“If that is the case, the monsters here are the only ones. As long as they are killed, they will truly be killed. They will not respawn endlessly.”

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng felt very gratified!

F*cking system, I'm finally a human!

Qin Sheng was not in a hurry to head to the first floor of the mine. He casually found a rock and sat down before opening his backpack!

Hey!

It was time for his favorite inspection of the spoils of war again!

There were three items—Augmenting Gems, Crystals, and Crystal Coins. He did not lack any of them!

What a pity!

It was useless!

At least for now.

Three pieces of equipment dropped. Not too much, not too little!

One Skill Book. Surprise!

He opened the scroll and was surprised!

Most importantly, there were 32 gold coins!

As expected of a general. He is poor in literature and rich in martial arts. He did not lie to me!

"Fortunately, the dog system did not have a permanent system. Otherwise, the cost of repairing equipment would be an astronomical figure. With my current poor state where I can barely afford to eat, it would definitely be a nightmare!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed to himself.

Initially, he was the richest player. After killing the Boss, he was extremely efficient in killing monsters. The amount of money he dropped was far more than other normal players!

But!

Ever since he was introduced into the appraisal system, that beautiful and rich era was gone forever!

The Starlight Miracle was powerful, but it had a fatal flaw—spending money!

The equipment upgrade was naturally very good, but the appraisal fee also increased along with it. In this stage where players only used bronze coins to buy potions, players generally did not even have 1 gold in their pockets. The appraisal fee that was easily counted was really not something that could be hurt!

Three pieces of equipment, two silver and one gold!

Qin Luo Sheng was very surprised!

With Gold equipment, it meant that after the Starlight Miracle, it would definitely become an Epic equipment!

Furthermore!

This Gold equipment was a single-handed sword!

Even with [Bloodlust] and [Coiling Dragon Water], it was undeniable that the level 5 Gold [Bloodlust] could no longer keep up with the pace. When it was combined with [Coiling Dragon Water], the damage dealt was very different.

Now!

With the addition of an Epic single-handed sword, the only shortcoming was made up for!

Both his hands were Epic weapons and he had a Gold-grade Jungle Book!

Even if it was not a special piece of equipment, Qin Sheng wanted to ask who else could it be based on these five items?

What a pity!

The equipment had not been appraised, so he could not wear it. Now, he could not return to the city to find an appraiser to appraise it. He could only put it in his backpack and eat the dust temporarily!

As for the two Silver equipment, there was nothing much to see.

Of course!

If the Starlight Miracle was lucky enough to trigger a jump, then let's do it!

However, they could only sell it for more money!

One staff, one armor!

The former was exclusive to mages, and the latter was useless because Qin Sheng had the set "Forest Hunter's Armor"!

He took out the skill book and had yet to open the introduction. However, the name of the skill book was like a magnet that firmly held Qin Sheng's gaze, making him unable to move his eyes away.

Sword qi rampaged!