Chapter 88: Starlight Backtrack

50,000 + Damage!

It was not as strong as before!

But it wasn't bad either!

After all, Elder Feng only had 50W +!

According to this algorithm, it would only take ten strikes!

However…

Qin Luo Sheng was in a very bad mood as he watched the time increase by one digit!

Once there was no Skywolf, no Leopard Rush, and no snake-like footsteps…

The attack was greatly weakened and the speed was greatly reduced!

That way, the advantage would be gone!

Attack was still manageable, but with the Undying Battle Intent and the Absolute Critical Hit, the damage could still be dealt. Although it was not ideal, it was not a problem to break through the defense.

But without speed, that would be terrible!

He was able to manipulate Elder Feng because of his insane speed. Once his speed returned to normal, he would lose the initiative and fall into a passive position.

“Since that’s the case, then we can only go all out!”

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath and charged forward with the two swords in his hands. He exchanged injuries, life for life, completely giving up on defense and began to attack at all costs.

"Ice Skin!"

"Ding, your maximum health bar has increased by 100%, your Mana bar has increased by 100%, and you have recovered to your peak state instantly. Your Defense has increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds!"

The final augmentation skill that had been preserved was finally activated!

"Shadow Clone!"

Qin Luo's body swayed and a clone identical to Qin Sheng appeared beside him.

"Go!"

Qin Luo Sheng was multitasking. Controlling his doppelgangers, the two of them pounced forth at the same time.

Even though the doppelganger only had half of his strength and did not have any skills, and could only rely on hacking, under the enhancement of many skills, his strength was still quite impressive, and could deal considerable damage.

"Sword qi crisscrossing, effect 1!"

Boundless sword qi flew out and slashed heavily onto Elder Feng's body!

-104,196!

The damage was back to six figures!

This was not the end!

After a successful strike, Qin Luo took a blow from Elder Feng's ghastly claw head on. The [Coiling Dragon Water] began to accumulate power!

-1,2054!

Even with 200% Defense, he still lost more than 10,000 HP. Fortunately, his total HP had increased by 200%, exceeding 500 +. He could still take this small injury!

“Dragon Soul Impact!”

Enduring the intense pain, Qin Luo revealed his ferociousness and swung his [Coiling Dragon Water] that he had accumulated. In an instant, a brilliant light shone and a green True Dragon phantom gushed out, brazenly colliding with the right arm of Elder Feng who could not dodge in time.

-1,73660!

The same 500% damage as the Berserk Strike was released and exploded in an instant. Elder Feng's health bar, which was already unhealthy to begin with, immediately decreased by a large portion and dropped by more than a third!

Furthermore!

Ding… Dragon Soul Impact Crippling effect activated! '

A black shadow soared into the sky!

It was Elder Feng's right arm!

"Alright!"

Qin Luo's confidence soared!

The crippling effect took effect at this moment and directly destroyed one of Elder Feng's hands. It looked like the Goddess of Luck was still on his side. Today, it was destined that Qin Sheng would win!

"Shadow Assault!"

He moved and appeared beside Elder Feng.

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Without giving Elder Feng any chance, Qin Sheng activated his skill. The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] in his right hand turned into an afterimage and stabbed fiercely.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Five strikes in a second!

-4,1678!

-4,1678!

-4,1678!

-4,1678!

-4,1678!

Health Points: cleared!

"Did you win?"

Qin Luo Sheng gripped his two swords tightly. He still did not let down his guard as he looked at the thoroughly dead Elder Feng.

Ding…

He won!

The familiar prelude of the system's prompt sounded. Qin Luo's body immediately relaxed!

It seemed like!

Even a BOSS like Elder Feng could only revive once!

Finally!

He did not disappoint!

Great!

"Ding! Your augmentation skill, Roaming Snake Step, has ended!"

"Ding, your augmentation skill…"

Ding…

"…"

However!

What entered his ears was not the information about killing Elder Feng, but the notification that the skill had ended!

Oh no!

Qin Luo's body stiffened as he entered battle mode once more.

However!

It was too late!

The ghastly claw that carried a scarlet glow suddenly descended and heavily struck his chest. A huge force erupted without holding back and sent him flying.

-2,4108!

His health bar dropped by half at a visible rate!

One blow had cost Qin Sheng half his life!

"What a delicious taste! Hehehehehe…"

Qin Luo propped himself up with his sword and looked at Elder Feng who had come back to life once again. He felt stifled when he saw Elder Feng licking his own blood!

This damn fellow!

"Tsk tsk, don't waste your energy, kid. I'm immortal!"

Elder Feng laughed wildly and said, "Even though you are very strong, even though you have lost your Demon Weapon, and with the help of the incomplete souls of those ants, you are still able to display battle prowess that makes me stand out. Unfortunately, with just you alone, you can't break my immortal body!"

"Impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a wild roar as he endured the pain and crawled up from the ground. His shadow flickered as he appeared before Elder Feng once again. The [Bloodthirsty] and [Coiling Dragon Water] landed with the might of thunder.

Kill!

Kill!

Kill!

Qin Luo Sheng attacked ferociously like a rabid dog, opening his middle without any defense.

Attack!

Attack!

He kept attacking!

However!

Without the enhancement of the Sky Wolf, the damage dealt to Elder Feng was further weakened. Even with the absolute critical hit, it was only slightly over 10,000. Compared to Old Feng's 50W + total health, it was too weak!

"I… don't… believe it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot as he activated his final trump card. "Starlight Reversal!"

"Ding… Starlight Reversal is successful. Please choose the ability of Reversal!"

"Sirius!"

"Retracing successful. Heavenly Wolf's cooldown has ended!"

Following the sublimation of the Starlight Miracle, the pinnacle of Starlight Blessing, and the third ability of the Lords of the Stars—Starlight Reversal, it also displayed its heaven-defying abilities at this moment!

The ability of time allowed Skywolf, who was supposed to have five minutes of CD time, to turn back. The CD had been cleared to zero. Now, it could be used again!

"Sirius!"

A roar!

The terrifying image of the giant wolf appeared once again, transforming into a powerful force that was activated in Qin Sheng's body!

Ding… your Attack Power + 100%, Critical Hit 100%, lasts for 30 seconds! '

His attack power returned to its peak!

“This is… the power of time?”

Elder Feng was stunned. Then, he looked at Qin Sheng greedily and laughed in an extremely carefree manner. "I didn't expect it, I didn't expect it. I didn't expect that I would encounter an existence that could control the power of time. The heavens are truly pitiful. After being sealed for countless years, the heavens have finally sent you over as compensation? Jejejejejeje—"