Chapter 90: The Wind Starts, Crushing The Spring (1)

In the real world!

Shanghai!

At a villa!

“Young Master, I think this is a good opportunity!” The meticulous middle-aged butler stood solemnly and bowed slightly as he suggested to the young man who was lying limply on the sofa.

"Of course I know!" The young man narrowed his eyes slightly and lazily took a puff of his cigarette before asking, "How's the investigation that I asked you to investigate?"

"No progress!" The butler lowered his head without any hesitation.

No hiding!

No begging!

Because it was meaningless!

After serving this master for so many years, he was clearly aware of exactly how abnormal this seemingly harmless yet extremely brutal master was.

It did not matter if he was not capable enough. At most, his legs would be broken. But if he tried to play dumb with him, he would be courting death!

That's right!

He was truly courting death!

This guy really knew how to kill!

"Oh!" The lazy tone instantly turned cold. "I remember that I personally entrusted this to you, right? I told you that this is the most important and priority.—The resources of the entire corporation are at your disposal, and the personnel are at your disposal.—Now, you're telling me this?"

"Young Master! With our strength, there's no way we can infiltrate Fate Corporation!" The butler swallowed hard and lowered his head even lower. He said with a trembling voice, "Furthermore, Fate Corporation doesn't know anything about the players. All of this was given to the mainframe for safekeeping. Only he has the players' database. Unless he is willing, no one else knows anything about other people, be it world-class organizations or countries!"

"Then won't you think of another way?"

The butler reached out to hand over the document under his arm respectfully and reported, "From the moment Young Master gave the order, we had already activated our spies and tried our best to investigate. This is the result!"

"I don't want to read it, just say it!" The young man threw the document on the coffee table and changed his posture. He took a deep puff of the cigarette and his expression was dazed, as if he was in West Indulgence. "I'm in a good mood today. I don't want to waste my energy to do it. You understand, right? Don't let me hear things I don't want to hear."

The butler's body bent down again, almost bowing 90 degrees!

"Yes!"

"According to our investigation, Weeping Soul Beast has nothing to do with the Lin Clan. It also has nothing to do with the Demon Capital's Feng Clan or the Imperial Capital's Mu Clan!"

"They should have known each other in the Fated World. There's no interaction in the real world."

"Therefore, no matter how we investigate, we can't find any relevant information!

The butler finished his report with a look of despair and waited for his fate!

As an elder of the Lei family in Shanghai, his ancestors were the Lei family's stewards for three generations. They were cautious and conscientious. The rise of the Lei family was also due to their family's contributions.

However!

This was useless!

The Lei family was passed down to this generation and the only heir of the Lei Corporation. The Crown Prince Lei Hao in front of him did not inherit the good genes of the Lei family's ancestors. He was brutal and ruthless, leaving no room for negotiation. At such a young age, his hands were already stained with blood and he was full of sins!

Not only was Young Master Lei cruel to his enemies, but he was also cruel to his own family. Even as an elder of the Lei family, he didn't dare to act rashly in front of him and flaunt his seniority. This was because the previous old man who had done this had already sunk the Huangpu River!

"Oh! So a proud person like Lin Yatu is actually just a fawning dog?” Lei Hao sat up from the sofa and poured half a cigarette into the expensive handmade crystal ashtray. He laughed wildly and said," What a surprise!”

As he spoke, he shifted his gaze to the butler who was still bowing. His unchanging expression suddenly became a little nervous. "What about the Qi family? Does that dog have anything to do with Qing Si?"

"No!" The butler naturally knew that his master was infatuated with the eldest daughter of the Qi family, Qi Qing Si. He didn't dare to be negligent and quickly answered, afraid that he would make this demon king unhappy if he was a little slower. "The Qi family is very mysterious and difficult to infiltrate. We paid a huge price to obtain information from the side. Miss Qi doesn't even know Weeping Soul!"

“Side?” Lei Hao raised his eyebrows and his eyes turned gloomy. “Is it accurate? I want accurate information!”

"It's definitely accurate!" The butler said, "The information we obtained from more than ten directions accurately indicated that Weeping Soul and Lin Yatu did not know each other before Fate Dimension. The reason why they were involved was due to a coincidence that they formed a team when they were entering the dungeon."

"Then why did Weeping Soul Beast sacrifice its life for Lin Yatu when we were in the Luo River?” Thinking of the Luo River battle, Lei Hao became agitated.

After this incident, not only did Thunderclap Union's reputation plummet, but he, Thunderclap's Mad Young Master, was also questioned. He was labeled by countless haters as a weak chicken, the biggest water stock in history, the most incompetent president in history, and a fake god that was praised by marketing.

Even though so much time had passed, the video that was posted on the homepage of various major video websites was still very popular. He and the entire Thunder Guild were also constantly being whipped and mocked.

This was not what angered Lei Hao the most!

What drove him crazy the most was the interaction between that bastard, Qi Qing Si, whom he had sworn to marry after he died in the video. He felt as if he had been cheated on.

"According to our investigations, Weeping Souls helping Lin Yatu was just a transaction.” The butler looked at Lei Hao, who was gradually becoming more agitated. He was afraid that Lei Hao would act up in the next second and smash the hard crystal ashtray on his head. He quickly reported," Weeping Souls received a hidden mission and needed a large number of wolf eyes, so he asked Lin Yatu to help him purchase them. It was also because of this that Lin Yatu took out a large number of wolf eyes as remuneration that Weeping Souls was willing to be a fighter.”

"Oh? So Lin Ya made such a big move to collect the wolf's eyes because of that bastard Weeping Soul?”

"Yes!” The butler opened the document on the coffee table and looked at the contents. He said," Currently, the reputation and strength of the pavilion have skyrocketed. All of this was brought about by Weeping Soul. All the investigation information points to Weeping Soul using the Wolf's Eye collected by Lin Yatu to complete the hidden mission. Then, Weeping Soul gave a portion of the mission reward to Lin Yatu. This led to the rest.”

"Currently, the guide to the Nightmare Trial Grounds dungeon that was circulated in the Elite Division of the Elegance Room was also created by Weeping Soul. In addition, Lin Yatu also obtained a batch of high-level props. He relied on those props to quickly clear the Nightmare Trial Grounds and reach Level 10, becoming the first player to leave the Beginner's Village."

"Is that so?" Lei Hao said coldly, "So that guide was created by Weeping Soul? It's really quite useful!"

That's right!

Lei Hao had also obtained the strategy that should have only been circulated in the pavilion, and he had obtained it immediately!

This was very normal!

The large forces, especially the forces in the online world, were all riddled with holes. It was unknown how many spies from other forces were hidden inside.

“Is that all? You ought to know that merely this is unable to eliminate my rage!”

Lei Hao’s cold voice lingered in the air, and his twisted face was like that of an evil spirit. He looked at the butler with bloodshot eyes, like a ferocious beast that was about to devour someone. The violent factor in his body began to stir, and his surging killing intent could no longer be suppressed!