Chapter 99: Young Master Thunderbolt:???

With such a major event sweeping through the world, it was unknown how many spies from large factions were hidden in Novice Village 6666. In addition, this idiot, Mad Thunder, did not hide his plan and openly recruited people on the official forum. This siege battle had long been known by the world and was highly anticipated.

Even if it had just ended, the news would definitely spread throughout the world!

Not to mention Yatu, who had the backing of a big shot, even if he was just a commoner, he would definitely know the outcome of this 1VS battle.

"Brother Weeping Soul, I don't have enough equipment!"

Yatu sighed.

"Up to you!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes flickered slightly. "I'll wait here for your people for five minutes. Five minutes later, I'll leave!"

Without waiting for Yatu's reply, he hung up!

Not enough manpower?

Qin Luo Sheng believed it!

But this was only an excuse, and Qin Sheng understood it too!

Even if Yatu believed that he was innocent, the implications of this battle were too great. It might even affect reality. At that time, he would become a so-called murderer.

If the Pavilion of Elegance dared to appear now and pick up this batch of "stolen goods" equipment, they would have to be prepared to face the violent storm of criticism and trouble.

If the operation was not done well, they might even give the enemy forces a chance to lead the tempo and kill Attu Pavilion!

Yatu didn't dare to bet!

Even if he wanted these tens of thousands of pieces of equipment, even if he knew that doing so would definitely offend Qin Sheng, he could only do so!

Qin Qin was well aware of Yatu's thoughts!

He didn't blame Yatu. In fact, if he were in Yatu's shoes, he would definitely have made the same decision!

However!

Even though they knew, ever since Yatu made this decision, cracks had already appeared. They could never go back to the past.

"What a pity!"

Strolling forward, Qin Sheng carefully observed the starlight beneath his feet!

White equipment and black iron equipment, ignore!

Above bronze, pick up!

After a round trip, hundreds of items were stuffed into the empty backpack space of the Illusionary Spirit ribbon!

“Looks like I’ve underestimated these fellows!”

Qin Luo Sheng had a look of joy on his face as he looked at the glittering starlight in his backpack. He felt very comfortable. "Although 80% of the items are white and black iron, they are useless. However, to be able to loot 600 pieces of bronze and 30 pieces of silver, it is enough to show that ordinary players are not as poor as we think."

There were more than 600 pieces of Bronze. After the Starlight Miracle Transcendence, there were more than 600 pieces of Silver-quality equipment at the bottom. At the moment, they were mainstream and were worth a lot. They could be sold for a good price!

There were also more than 30 pieces of Silver-tier equipment, which would guarantee a base price of Gold. Even if they were sold at a discounted price, they would definitely sell for more than a million!

Wonderful!

He sped all the way back to the Beginner's Village!

The usually bustling village was exceptionally quiet at this moment!

Initially, there were hundreds of thousands of people. Other than the players who were scattered at the various leveling points and those who were not online, there were at least fifty to sixty thousand people in the safe zone. After all, the teleportation point of the novice dungeon was also in the village.

However!

Currently, there were only two to three big cats. After a rough calculation, there were probably only a few hundred people, not even a thousand.

Coincidentally, Young Master Thunder was also there!

"Hey, isn't this Young Master Lei? Why, are you still in the game? I've been waiting for you there for five minutes. Why aren't you here?"

Qin Luo said.

"Weeping Soul!"

Young Master Thunder gritted his teeth, wishing he could peel off Qin Sheng’s skin him alive.

When had he, Lei Hao, suffered such grievances?

He hated it!

He wanted revenge!

However!

There was no one beside him!

Looking at his body, he saw that he was wearing a set of tattered clothes!

Then look at the Weeping Soul Beast!

Comparing the two!

He decisively gave up!

"Guards, guards!"

Qin Luo's eyes lit up when he saw the glowing red words "Weeping Soul" on Qin Sheng's head. He did not admit defeat. Instead, he shouted madly.

"Weeping Soul, you executioner, just you wait, you will suffer retribution!"

Mad Thunder had an arrogant look on his face: "You have killed more than fifty thousand people, your sins have reached the heavens, just wash your ass and wait to be jailed! When you are released from prison, who knows how long it will be, at that time, I will definitely hunt you down endlessly to take revenge for today."

"What trash!"

Looking at the crazed Young Master Thunder, Qin Luo shook his head. "It's my fault for treating you as an opponent. Trash like you is not worthy!"

“What did you say?”

Young Master Thunder flew into a rage and roared, "Don't let me find you in reality. Otherwise, you will know what cruelty is!"

"Is that so? I'll wait for you!" Qin Sheng didn't even bat an eyelid as he sneered, "So the so-called head of the Thunder Union is just a talkative dog. What a joke."

Mad Thunder paused and was about to organize a counterattack when the guards arrived!

"Guards, guards, this is him. Look, the evil value on him is enough to lock him up for ten to twenty years, right?"

Thunderstorm roared!

"Weihun, you piece of sh * t, you're lucky this time. You didn't fall into my hands!"

Mad Thunder gritted his teeth and said angrily, "However, to you, sitting in jail is a form of torture!? From now on, there will no longer be Weeping Soul in the world of destiny. You can just stay in the dark prison for the rest of your life! Hahahaha…"

However!

"Greetings, Weeping Soul Warrior!"

The guards who had rushed over hurriedly sheathed their sabers and bowed respectfully towards Qin Sheng.

What was going on?

Young Master Thunder's wild laughter suddenly stopped!

"Hello!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head as a form of greeting. Then, under the stunned gazes of the crowd, he pointed at the lightning youth and said calmly, "This person is spouting nonsense. His ravings are like a wild dog, barking madly like a dog and speaking vulgar words. It is truly an eyesore and makes one unhappy."

"Understood!"

The two guards looked at each other. One of them took a step forward and walked in front of Young Master Leiting. He said coldly, "Young Master Leiting, your actions have already violated the Empire's' Security Regulation '. Now, I will punish you according to the law. One, pay a fine of 10 gold coins. Two, go to jail for a day!"

Young Master Thunder was dumbfounded!

No, was there a fucking mistake?

Can't you all see that big red name beside you all?

I only said a few sweet words and you want me to go to jail as a fine? This guy killed so many people and his name is so red that it's dripping blood. Are you turning a blind eye?

Did it have to be so dark?

Did he have to have such double standards?

"You bastard, you win!"

Young Master Leiting's vision darkened and he almost fainted. He glared fiercely at Qin Sheng, who was watching the show, and then glanced at the guard whose face was as cold as ice. He was terrified again!

He admitted defeat!

However!

Before he could pay the fine, the guard's next sentence made his eyes turn red!

"You insulted the Weeping Soul Warrior, you are a hero of our dynasty, a hero should not be humiliated. Now that the evidence is conclusive, your crimes are even more severe. Also, you are suspected of causing chaos in others, you have the intention to rebel, you will be punished for your crimes. Now, come with us!"

Thunderstorm: WD

Damn!