Chapter 92: The Wind Starts, Crushing The Spring (3)

"Idiot!"

Lei Hao roared. His expression, which had been slightly excited just now, turned extremely gloomy at this moment. "Do you think that you're a god and can control everything? You've really grown capable! You have the guts to do something that even I don't dare to do.—It's fine that you schemed against those ignorant netizens, but you actually implicated the country. Are you going to let my Lei Corporation die?"

"No, Young Master, listen to me!" Seeing Lei Hao's murderous gaze, the butler's heart skipped a beat. He was so scared that he almost had a heart attack. He quickly waved his hand and said, "I did this very discreetly. From the beginning to the end, it was done by someone who had nothing to do with our Lei Corporation. Even the country would not be able to investigate us.—Besides, we only gave the topic and guided it at the beginning. We did not participate in the whole process. It was those netizens who started it."

"I'll reluctantly believe you this time!" Lei Hao looked at the butler for a long time before he retracted his gaze and said, "Continue! If that's all your plan is, I'll consider how to 'reward' you!"

The butler wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and said, "The rumors online are only the appetizer. Once Fate Corporation clarifies that Weeping Souls is not a cheater and did not use a bug, everything will fall apart. When that happens, those who scold him will feel guilty because they scolded the wrong person and become his fans!"

"Then why did you…" Lei Hao glared at him, wanting to hit him.

"But before that, Weeping Soul's current situation is worrying!" The butler smiled sinisterly. "I bribed more than half of the players in Novice Village 6666 to completely step into the abyss and consign him to eternal damnation."

“Oh!” Lei Hao’s eyes lit up again, his interest piqued. “What are you going to do?”

“Now the Weeping Souls are notorious. The people I’ve bribed are either for money, or they think they’re patriots, or they’re petty, jealous people. They’re our main force. In order to keep their dark hearts from being exposed, they’ll trample the Weeping Souls to death at all costs. They’ll nail him to the pillar of shame to show that they’re doing justice and cover up their dirty deeds, their ugly hearts.”

The more the butler spoke, the more excited he became. For the time being, he forgot his fear and continued to guide Jiang Shan like a master of psychology. "Once Weeping Soul Beast appears, tens of thousands of players will block him. If he retreats, he will be condemned by thousands of people. His mind will collapse and he will no longer be feared. If he progresses, he will be drowned by tens of thousands of people. At that time, his level will drop and his equipment will drop. The chain reaction brought about by his death will make him unable to turn the situation around. Even if he is cleared of all charges after the incident, everything has happened. There is no turning back."

Lei Hao's breathing quickened!

After observing his master's reaction, the butler gave himself a thumbs up and said, "Moreover, we can also secretly make sure that Weeping Souls will never be able to walk out of the Beginner's Village. Arrange for people to stay there. As long as Weeping Souls walks out of the safe zone, we will surround and kill him. We will threaten other players to not give Weeping Souls a chance to form a team and make it impossible for him to obtain experience points through the trial grounds."

"At that time, he would be so stunning that he would cry his soul out and naturally sink into oblivion. Even after he walked out of the novice village, he would have fallen far behind and would no longer have the strength to chase after us. Furthermore, he would enter the city, which would allow us to pursue him even better."

"He will never get up again!"

“Hahahaha…” Lei Hao suddenly burst out laughing. He stood up and patted the butler’s shoulder forcefully, praising, “Not bad, not bad at all! I didn’t expect you to come up with such a brilliant plan. You’ve really helped this young master settle a * * * * * *!”

"It's my responsibility as the butler to help Young Master resolve his worries!" The butler bowed with a fawning smile.

"Very good!" Lei Hao said. "After following me for so long, you should know my temper. I will definitely not mistreat those who have rendered meritorious service. Once this matter is done, you will receive a cheque for 1,000W + RMB, a three-storey villa, and that third-tier celebrity in the villa!"

"Thank you, Young Master! Thank you, Young Master!" The butler was on the verge of going crazy. He thanked him profusely and almost knelt down.

A man lives forever!

All that mattered was power, wealth, and sex!

Now!

He had everything!

The huge sum of money that he did not dare to think about in the past entered his account. The beautiful woman that he did not dare to think about in the past was now his!

Furthermore!

After this incident, he would definitely become a trusted aide to the next heir of the Lei Corporation, Lei Hao, from the role of a "dog".

This way, the most difficult rights would soon be obtained!

The pinnacle of life!

A true peak in life!

"I'm sorry. For the sake of my beautiful future, I'm begging you to die!"

After Lei Hao, who was laughing maniacally, left, the butler straightened his body and left with a much lighter body. He had a wonderful future ahead of him!

…

Everything that had happened in the Lei family's villa was just a minority!

At the same time!

The entire world was in an uproar. Countless forces were making plans and strategies for the impending storm.

Furthermore!

Many countries were having secret meetings with their leaders!

However!

The world was restless. Qin Sheng, who was at the center of the vortex, was unaware of it.

…

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

What was that sound?

Qin Luo, whose consciousness was still in chaos, was suddenly awakened by a strange sound.

Open your eyes!

Qin Luo stared blankly at the white ceiling!

After thinking about it carefully, the memories flooded in.

"Still failed?"

Lying on the bed, Qin Sheng placed his hand on his forehead. His eyes were lifeless, like a salted fish that had lost its dream.

"I can't even conquer a small online game. I'm probably the worst transmigrator in history."

Looking at the moon and sun birthmark in his left and right hands, Qin Sheng gave a bitter smile. "To think that you brought your own external modifications in vain. I've really let you down. You're a useless piece of trash who can even lose when you follow a weak master like me!"

"But! Then who was the person who suddenly appeared before my consciousness faded? It felt strangely familiar!" Qin Sheng recalled the last moment of the decisive battle with Elder Feng and frowned slightly. "Did something happen? Could it be that the experts from the Imperial Court arrived in time?"

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Just as Qin Sheng was about to delve into his fantasy, that strange voice rang out once more.

"It's not a hallucination?"

Qin Qin Sheng listened carefully. After confirming that it was not a hallucination and that it was the sound coming from the living room, his expression turned solemn.

"Could it be… a thief?"

That's right!

It must be a thief!

Apart from thieves, who would enter without being told?

Get up!

He picked up the baseball bat beside him and carefully opened the door!

"Is that you?"

There were no obstructions in the living room. Even though the curtains were drawn, Qin Sheng could still see the figure squatting in the corner at a glance. Thus, he tiptoed over and raised his club high up.

However!

Perhaps sensing the movement behind her, the person squatting slowly turned around!

Clang…

The baseball bat landed on the ground!

Qin Sheng's mind was blank as he looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar face that was still stained with the remnants of instant noodles. He was completely lost!