Chapter 93: Nan Nan

“Daddy!”

She called out sweetly.

“Daddy?”

Qin Luo Sheng had a terrified look on his face, wondering if he was hearing things.

I don't even have a girlfriend. Where did such a big daughter come from?

"Did you get the wrong person?"

Qin Qin Sheng was a little skeptical.

Even if his previous self had matured early, had lost his memory, drank alcohol, and had his memories cut off, then did that thing, had a one-night stand, had a child…

It was an extremely melodramatic romance drama. He would arrange it however he wanted!

But!

No matter how you put it, their ages did not match!

He was only 18 years old now, 19 years old. The little girl in front of him looked to be 12 or 13 years old. Could it be that his previous self was so f*cked up that he could make someone pregnant at six or seven years old?

What a joke!

It was just that when he saw the girl before him with her beautiful big eyes shining brightly and her eyes filled with attachment and love, Qin Luo Sheng did not feel that she was trying to make fun of him!

What a headache!

"Have we met somewhere before? Why does it feel so familiar?"

Qin Luo Sheng took another look at the little girl's stunning face, and his heart started beating wildly. What the f*ck, this was a crime. Such a young girl was actually capable of bringing disaster to the country. What would happen if she grew up?

"…"

The little girl’s eyes flickered and she sweetly said, “You’re daddy, so of course you’re familiar!”

Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched!

Mud!

Why are you still defaming my innocence?

I am 18 years old and I am in my youth. How can I have a daughter? Furthermore, you are such an old daughter. You should find a good reason to lie!

"Sigh!"

Just as he was about to retort, he saw the little girl's expression that said, "If you dare to deny it, I dare to cry." Qin Sheng swallowed the words he was about to say and let out a long sigh, not saying another word.

He said nothing. She had something to say.

"Father, I'm hungry!"

She stood up and tugged at the corner of his shirt. She looked up at him and said pitifully. Her bright eyes were filled with desire and hope.

AWSL!

Qin Luo's blood was instantly emptied!

"…What do you want to eat?"

Looks were justice, cuteness swept everything.

Qin Luo Sheng surrendered right away!

"I want to eat red, sweet, and fragrant. Yes, I want a lot, a lot!"

She poked her face with her finger and tilted her head slightly, deep in thought. Then, she thought of the food she wanted to eat. Her eyes instantly lit up brightly and shone to the extreme. She was even more afraid that Qin Sheng would not know. She gestured with her short arms, looking as adorable as she could.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded repeatedly, indicating that there was no problem!

However!

His mind kept searching for what exactly was red, sweet and fragrant. Unfortunately, with his poor knowledge, there was nothing he could do.

"Kids should like sweet food, right?—Then how about a strawberry-flavored Sheng Dai? I happen to have three conditions!"

Qin Qin Sheng stroked his chin and pondered. "Since we have dessert, let's just buy pizza for the main course. I'll get a red pepper beef pizza and then find her a sweet pizza."

After making up his mind, he immediately took action!

He took out his cell phone and looked for nearby take-out websites. There were actually more than ten shops selling pizza. Tsk tsk, the competition was really fierce. He casually looked at a shop with a good reputation, placed an order, paid, and did it in one go!

"Be good and wait a moment. The delicious food will be here soon!"

Qin Luo said gently.

"Oh!"

The little girl was also very obedient. She nodded gently and sat on the sofa without making a fuss. She looked like a lady and was very likable.

"Such a girl must be either rich or noble, right?"

Qin Qin Sheng guessed, "Ordinary families can't nurture such an aura. And this attire, although I can't understand it, it definitely doesn't look ordinary at first glance. It might be handmade, custom-made, high-quality goods specially for the rich, the kind that easily cost hundreds of thousands or millions."

"It's a little difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat helpless.

What was this?

How baffling!

I’d better call the police after dinner and get rid of this trouble as soon as possible. Otherwise, I don’t know what kind of trouble I’ll cause. No matter if her family is in business or politics, it’s not something I can afford to offend. If I don’t handle it well, I’ll be in jail.

“Um… what’s your name?”

The atmosphere was a little depressing. Qin Sheng wanted to find a topic to talk about, but he really did not know what to say when faced with a little girl who called him daddy. After holding it in for a long time, he finally managed to say this.

"Fem… female…" The little girl seemed to be a little nervous. She answered immediately when she heard Qin Sheng's question, but she couldn't even stammer out a reason.

"Female?"

Qin Luo was stunned!

What kind of name is that? Do you think that you can fool me just because I'm not educated?

"It should be Nan Nan, right? She’s just a kid, she can’t read properly. She can only read half of the words in our hometown and read Nan Nan as a girl?"

Qin Qin Sheng had found a reason that he could trust and let the matter rest.

Anyway, they were going to call the police later and get the police to send this little sister home. They probably wouldn't see each other again. What was the point of her name?

Soon!

The delivery man knocked on the door!

Qin Luo opened the door, thanked him politely and took the food!

"Come, let's eat!"

Three large pizzas, two large servings, a bottle of freshly squeezed orange juice, and five large sausages filled the coffee table!

"Wow!"

The little girl's eyes lit up as she drooled. Especially when she looked at the pretty Sheng Dai, her eyes almost turned red!

"Hurry up and eat!"

Qin Qin Sheng felt that this child was a drama queen.

However, he did not expose her!

Even though he was a child from a wealthy family and was knowledgeable, he was still a child after all. As a child, it was normal for him to not be resistant to hamburgers, pizzas, and ice cream. Who wouldn't have a craving for them?

“Daddy, you eat first!”

Nan Nan said seriously. Even though there was a stream of saliva flowing out from the corner of her mouth, she did not make a move. Her posture was dignified and she abided by the rules.

"It's true that those from the big clans have nowhere to run!"

Qin Qin Sheng sighed in his heart.

In modern society, who would care about such things?

Children were all naughty monkeys. They were crazy!

It was only within the ancient family clans that there were all sorts of rules. At the dining table, the oldest person would first move his chopsticks, while the younger generation would move their chopsticks.

"Alright, I'll go first!"

Qin Luo Sheng found it funny but did not probe further. He picked up a piece of pizza and bit off half of it in one bite. "Eat, be careful, it's hot!"

"Yes, yes!"

Nan Nan nodded happily. Qin Luo put on a pair of disposable gloves and carefully picked up a piece of ham and egg pizza. He took a small bite and his eyes immediately narrowed. He seemed to like it very much.

"Eat slowly, don't choke!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the freshly squeezed orange juice and poured a cup for Nan Nan who was wolfing down her food. He then pushed the strawberry sundae over while he took the other cup.

One mouthful of pizza, one mouthful of orange juice, one mouthful of Sheng Dai!

Ah!

Comfortable!

This was how a hot summer should be!

"Watch…"

Qin Sheng ate two of the three large pizzas. After eating the last piece, he patted his already full stomach in satisfaction and drained the remaining half cup of orange juice in one gulp. He then picked up his spoon and was about to finish off the Holy Dai, who had only taken two bites, when two shiny beams suddenly shot over from the side.

"…"

Turning his head, Qin Sheng's lips twitched when he saw the longing expression on Nan Nan's face.

Aren't you full?

‘ You ate an entire pizza of that size. You made four out of five large sausages. You drank most of the orange juice. And now you’re after my saint?’

That was why!

Young lady, how did your stomach grow?

I'm a grown man and my appetite is not as good as yours?

Or rather…

You, like the other girls, have a supernatural talent for eating desserts to pretend to have another stomach?

"Eat!"

Qin Luo Sheng pushed the Chocolate Holy Dai over gloomily!

“Daddy, are you not eating?”

Nan Nan reached out and grabbed hold of Sheng Dai, exerting her strength before tilting her head to ask.

"I'm full!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was slightly distorted.

Young girl!

‘ Can you loosen your grip first? I’m afraid you’ll break the cup.’

“Oh! Daddy is full! You can’t waste it! Eat the rest of the girls!”

Nan Nan had a bright smile on her face. Ignoring Qin Sheng’s strange look, she picked up a spoon and scooped a spoonful into her mouth. The taste was completely different from the Strawberry Yukishiro. Instantly, her eyes, which were like light bulbs, lit up again as expected.