Chapter 96: A Thousand Accusing Fingers

"Brother Weihun, I know that this is not a good thing. There is no hurdle in life that cannot be crossed. It's alright. As long as the truth is revealed, those who are deceived will turn to those who curse you instead. Don't take it to heart. This is how the netizens are. I have also encountered this kind of thing before, and not just once. Aren't I still fine now?"

Seeing that Qin Sheng did not reply for a long time, Yatu sent him a message of comfort and encouragement. "The best way for you now is to ignore it and wait for the official action. Don't let your emotions affect your decisions, it won't do you any good. Remember this matter and plan slowly in the future. It's never too late for a gentleman to take revenge."

"When can the officials resolve this?" Qin Sheng asked.

"The press conference has already begun. In front of the entire world, Fate Corporation has already submitted a test application to the mainframe of Fate World with the United Nations' approval. Regardless of whether it succeeds or not, we will see the results tomorrow."

"Tomorrow?" Qin Luo mumbled. "But I can't wait that long!"

"Thank you, I know what to do!" Qin Luo thanked Yatu sincerely. "I owe you a favor!"

He hung up!

Then—

Block communications!

“Since all of you want to deal with me, then let’s see exactly what ability all of you have.… Make a big fuss. Coincidentally, I’ve been madly tortured by that old fellow, Elder Feng, and I’m rather… quite angry!”

Connect to the official website!

He opened the forums!

Immediately!

The posts that were as red as blood were at the top of the forum and had been highlighted. Now, the popularity was still soaring without any break!

No1—"The Destruction of the Han Dynasty, Sinner of the Nation—Weeping Soul!"

NO2—"Is it a cheater? Or is it using a bug?—Weeping Soul's" Rise "Path!"

No. 3—"The Brothers of Novice Village No. 6666 Come in"

No4—"The Ten Sins of Weeping Souls"

NO5…

No6…

None of the ten most popular posts were friendly. They were all filled with ruthlessness!

Country thieves, Chinese annihilation, sinners, trash, ugly, disgusting, shameless, orphans, miscellaneous people…

All sorts of harsh words appeared on the keyboard from all over the country and even the entire world.

"It's been a long time. I'm a little unhappy!"

Initially, he had thought that after experiencing storms and seeing clouds, his heart had long been as firm as a rock and he was unperturbed. But Qin Sheng had still broken through!

Heavy!

It was too heavy!

A small amount of cyber violence was enough to destroy a person's spirit and will. What he encountered was world-class cyber violence.

No one said anything fair. Perhaps there was, but he did not see it!

It was as if the entire world had abandoned you were making enemies with the world!

This feeling!

How frustrating!

Fortunately, it was only vexing!

Qin Luo Sheng's strong nature and ability to resist pressure prevented him from breaking down. He was definitely affected, but not by much. On the contrary, it made his already fiery heart even angrier.

"Targeting me? Very good!"

He opened the third most popular post and looked at the comments inside. The corners of Qin Sheng's mouth curled up. His calm face and deep gaze hid a ruthlessness that could burn everything to ashes. "I wonder if you guys can bear the consequences! Especially you—Young Master Leiting!"

Closing the forums!

Qin Luo Sheng strode out of the mine without hesitation.

At the edge of the mine!

Second level of the mine cave!

First level of the mine!

The exit of the mine!

Dark Forest!

Then—

Breeze Plains!

This was the largest map of the Beginner's Village. It included all the normal monsters from level 3 to 10. It was the place with the most players!

"Weeping Soul Beast is here!"

"Weeping Soul Beast has appeared!”

"D * mn, this bastard finally dared to come out?"

"…"

Waves of cheers sounded out one after another!

Soon!

The main troops had arrived!

Tens of thousands of people had occupied half of the Breezy Plains!

Qin Luo was standing at the side, alone!

On the other side were tens of thousands of people!

"Weeping Soul, you've finally appeared!"

The one standing at the forefront of the group was naturally the Thunderbolt Devil.

After a few days, when he saw the man standing with his head held high, Young Master Leiting's eyes instantly became bloodshot.

How arrogant was he?

From birth until now, no one had ever dared to defy his will.

However!

Everything was broken!

And the man who broke his pride and trampled on his dignity was right in front of him.

He had spent so much effort, paid such a huge price, and even risked the Lei Corporation being settled by the country for this moment!

The humiliation of the past could be avenged today!

"I'm here. What can I do for you?"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced indifferently at the Thunderous Young Master who was like a hyena, his tone calm.

"What can I do for you?"

Mad Thunder laughed maniacally. "Do you think that no one knows what you did? What a disgrace! You even cheated in a game and used a BUG!"

"It would be fine if you were just trying to get some benefits for yourself, but you shouldn't have been so greedy. Do you really think everyone in the world is a fool?"

"You've really disgraced us Chinese. You even implicated the entire country and caused our reputation to plummet internationally. Do you think you're a sinner? Should you apologize for this?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered.

What a sin!

"Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head to the sky and laughed maniacally. His laughter shook the surroundings, causing the group of people who were originally prepared to come out to respond to the thunderous young man and continue to lead the conversation to stand there dumbstruck. They looked at the man who was laughing heroically and did not know what to do.

"It turns out that I thought that you, Young Master Leiting, would have great foresight if you mobilized such a large force to suppress us. I didn't expect that it would only be this old saying. There's nothing new about it. It's really uncouth!"

Qin Luo said coldly, "Thief of the country? Destruction of Han? Sinner?… Hehe, what a big hat, one after another.—Who do you think you are? Animals who are worse than dogs, idiots with low intelligence, despicable and shameless trash. With just you guys, what qualifications do you have to settle my weeping soul? Who—gives—you—the—dog guts!"

“Hmph! You still don’t repent even when death is at hand!”

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's toughness, Mad Thunder was both disappointed and delighted.

Although Mad Thunder wanted to see Weeping Soul apologize like a dog and be humiliated, he still wanted to kill her.

Initially, some of the people in the team were just here to watch the show. Some of them were neutral. However, after Weeping Soul's arrogant speech, these people became his people.

At this time, even if he didn’t use any tricks, Weeping Soul Beast was already standing in front of everyone, unable to turn the situation around.

"Arrogant! Who gave you the courage to bark here?"

"Wow, what a big temper. As expected of an expert on world television."

"Country thief! Destruction of Han! Sinner! Trash! Orphan!—I told you, come bite me!"

"How shameless! How can there be someone like you in China?"

"Haha, calling him a human is really a humiliation to humans. This kind of beast that has no country, family, honor, disgrace, or morals has completely disgraced China."

"Weeping Soul, your father is here. Do you dare to accept my call?"

"To think that I actually liked you so much. Seeing how handsome you are, I guess you must have used the system's beauty to improve yourself. You disgust me to death. Luckily, I didn't end up with you. Otherwise, I would really regret it for the rest of my life."

"Weeping Soul…"

"Weeping Soul…"

"Weeping Soul…"

Endless humiliation!

Endless cursing!

Cold smiles, vicious curses, wanton violence…

Tens of thousands against one!

Thousand Accusing Fingers!

What a grand scene!

Qin Luo Sheng was unmoved. His expression was still cold, and his eyes were still indifferent!

However!

His appearance was the same as before, but the flames of anger in his heart were already burning fiercely.

The desire to kill was rising!

"Since ancient times, our China has been a nation of etiquette. All rivers run into the sea, and tolerance is great. It's naturally the same for our fellow countrymen."

After a long time, Young Master Thunder waved his hand and the unceasing insults gradually stopped. He looked at Qin Sheng and said hypocritically, "Even if you've done something wrong, we're willing to give you a chance to make up for it. So, what's your choice? Tell me, what should you do?"

"Really? A sinner like me who deserves to die a thousand times or ten thousand times has a chance to be redeemed?"

Qin Qin asked.

"Of course, the matter hasn't blown up yet. As long as you handle it well, everything can be salvaged!"

Seeing that Qin Luo had admitted defeat, Young Master Thunder laughed happily.

"Oh, then what should I do?"

Qin Luo asked again.

“This matter is of great importance. I cannot make the decision.”

Mad Thunder said, "Either you commit suicide 10 times and drop back to level zero and hand over all your equipment to atone for your crimes, or kneel down and apologize to the whole world. I have prepared a confession letter for you, just read it."

"Oh, is it so well-equipped?" Qin Sheng's lips slowly curled into a cold smile. "How should I choose?"

"I personally recommend you to do both. Only then can you show your sincerity. Perhaps everyone will forgive you faster!" Young Master Thunder's heart skipped a beat. He could not hold back the smile on his face. "Then, what's your choice?"

"Well, I've already made my choice!" Qin Luo's body bent slightly.

"Then what's your choice?"

"I choose…"

Swish!

His figure disappeared, and the sound of something breaking through the void rang out.

"— Kill you!"