Chapter 97: Slash!

"— Kill you!"

A voice as cold as a ghost rang in Young Master Thunder's ears.

Buzz…

Sword energy burst forth, rampaging everywhere!

The smile on Young Master Leiting's face had yet to fade. In his eyes, a green sword blade grew larger. Before he could react, it landed directly on his neck.

Swoosh…

A large head flew into the sky as fresh blood sprayed down!

"Hmm! What did you say just now? Kill yourself ten times? Hand over your own equipment?"

With an indifferent expression, Qin Luo Sheng scattered the blood on the [Coiling Dragon Water] and ruthlessly kicked away the headless Young Master Leiting's body like a ragdoll. He swept a glance at the useless people who were as noisy as ducks and as silent as quails a moment ago and sneered, "Kneel and beg for mercy? You even prepared a confession letter?"

"— Come, come, come, let me see how good that so-called confession letter is. To be able to make me, who committed such a serious crime, only need to read it once to gain the world's understanding!"

No one dared to respond!

"Are you all mute? Weren't you all cursing quite enthusiastically just now?"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his right hand, and the [Coiling Dragon Water] that was emitting a chilly aura pointed at a player with the word "lightning" above his head. "Come, it's you. Take out your boss's so-called confession letter!"

“I… I didn’t!” He replied while trembling with fear.

Swoosh…

What answered him was a cold sword aura.

"Wrong answer!"

Qin Luo kept his sword expressionlessly and looked at the other person. "Speak!"

"I didn't…"

Swoosh!

Another strike!

"Next!"

"Next!"

"Next!"

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

One after another, no one, whether it was the Shield Specialist with high defense and high health, or the agile and evasive Bandit, could escape that attack!

A single sword strike would definitely land!

One sword strike would definitely kill!

Terrifying!

Terrifying!

Invincible!

Everyone was trembling!

The expressionless man in front of her, who killed people like dogs, was like a demon king who had descended into the world. The moment his aura was released, it shook the heavens and earth.

Facing him was like a rabbit encountering a ferocious tiger. It was a memory that originated from the depths of his genes. His bloodline was suppressed, and he could not even think of resisting. His limbs were sore, and he could only wait to be slaughtered!

Amongst them!

Thunder Guild's players were the most!

This was the second time they had experienced such a feeling. The memories that were hidden deep in their hearts surfaced once again. And because they were being taken care of, most of the aura had landed on them, making them feel extremely miserable.

"Weeping Soul, you sinner. If you have the guts, kill me. If you kill me, there will be thousands of me. Can you kill me? Don't think that we will yield to you. You are not worthy. If you lose a bowl-sized scar on your head, you will be a good man again eighteen years later. Moreover, this is the virtual world. What can you do to me?"

Under heavy pressure, there was bound to be a rebound.

Qin Luo Sheng was cold and merciless, killing people like cutting grass. Finally, a warrior stepped forward.

"Oh, is that so?"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his eyelids slightly and looked straight at the middle-aged man who had dispelled the fear brought about by his aura and awakened many people. He gave Qin Luo a sword strike without hesitation and sent him to the afterlife. "I can't do anything to you. It's just that—I'll kill you!"

"Weeping Soul, you…"

Slash!

"Bastard, I…"

Slash!

"Brother, I'll leave now. Don't charge…"

Slash!

"Brother, let me go. I'm just here to watch the show…"

Slash!

"Boss, it's none of my business. I'm just collecting money to do something. I'll return the money now. Don't kill…"

Slash!

…

Slash slash slash slash slash slash slash!

One step, one sword, one step, one slash!

Murder and bloodshed!

Hard, pleading, crying, repenting, wailing…

What has that got to do with me?

From the moment they chose to stand against me, they were already enemies!

Enemies!

Clang!

"You demon, I'll fight it out with you!"

Finally, someone rebelled.

"Brothers, let's attack together and kill this bastard!"

Everyone responded!

For a moment!

Brilliant magic of all colors, tens of thousands of sharp arrows, countless warriors' heavy swords, and thieves' sneak attack daggers all fell!

However!

MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, MISS, MISS, -1, MISS, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, MISS, -1, -1

Countless damage numbers appeared above Qin Sheng's head!

There were also countless white lights that soared into the sky!

"Interesting!"

The density of tens of thousands of people was unimaginable.

With the abilities of a beginner, even the Archers with the furthest attack range were only 5 metres away.

How many people could a space of five meters accommodate? In a straight line, there were at most ten people.

So, what about the attack of the person behind him?

It was not Qin Luo who had fallen, but their so-called "ally"!

One round of attacks!

They had accidentally killed at least a thousand people!

Seriously, my good "teammate"!

"Is this the so-called crusade?"

Qin Luo was bored.

A group of disorderly mobsters was simply nothing to fear.

The hot-blooded gamers were still pushing forward while the smart gamers were retreating quietly. They didn't want to get involved in this mess.

After all, this matter had nothing to do with them. They were either taking money or joining in the fun. That was all. It was not enough for them to risk their lives for it.

If they died once, not to mention the money and equipment that would be dropped, just the level alone was enough to make them cry. Who knew how much time and potions would it take for them to recover that level?

It was not worth it to do this!

"How dare you!"

At this moment, Mad Thunder, who had been sent back to the Beginner's Village, arrived. He looked at Qin Sheng, who was killing his "companions" one by one with his sword, and then at the fool who was like a headless fly who only knew how to release skills randomly and kept killing his "companions". He was so angry that he saw stars.

“Bastard, you dare? How dare you?”

Young Master Leiting had never expected that Qin Luo Sheng would really dare to defy the universal condemnation and go against the will of so many people to directly attack and start a massacre.

Furthermore!

He had not expected Qin Luo to gain the upper hand in the 1VS!?

"Oh, you're here!"

After killing another Thunder Guild player, Qin Sheng glanced at Mad Thunder who had rushed over and greeted him with a smile.

What's going on, little brother?

Are we that close?

Thunderbolt Young Master was also stunned by Qin Sheng's sudden call. He stood there, looking confused!

"By the way, have you brought your confession letter with you? I want to admire your masterpiece. I want to see how your literary talents can transcend races and countries and resonate with the world!"

Mad Thunder was speechless!

"Weeping Soul, are you crazy?"

He roared, "So what if you're strong? Can you kill us all? We have tens of thousands of people. Even if we stand here and let you kill us, how many can you kill?—So what if you kill us? It's only a minute or two from the village to here. We'll line up for you to kill. Can you kill us all?"

"You're right!"

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly sheathed his sword and stroked his chin as he pondered seriously. "Then, why don't you let me kill you ten times? I've always been a vengeful person. If I'm wronged, I'll take revenge. If you let me kill myself ten times just now, I'll kill you ten times now. This matter will be over. What do you think?"

"In your dreams!" Young Master Thunder glanced coldly at Qin Sheng, his face filled with savagery. "Do you think you're a god? Kill me ten times? Heh heh! You're so arrogant just because you cheated? Just now, you ambushed me. Now that I'm in this crowd of tens of thousands of people, let's see how you kill me ten times!"

"Has the negotiation broken down? Sigh!" Qin Sheng looked regretful. "What about you guys? Are you willing to be that guy's meat shield?"

What answered him was endless insults!

"Very good!"

Qin Luo's expression did not change as he turned a deaf ear. Reaching out, he took out a scroll placed in the corner of his backpack. "Since that's the case, don't blame me! Next, I'll let you guys experience the so-called—Hell!"