Chapter 91: The Wind Starts, Crushing The Spring (2)

"No… no, there's one more thing I need to report to you!"

Feeling Lei Hao's undisguised malice, the butler broke out in cold sweat and lost his usual composure. He stammered, "Weeping—Weeping Soul, we have yet to leave the Beginner's Village!"

"Oh?" Lei Hao's irritable heart stopped for a moment, and his eyes lit up. "Continue!"

"Yes!"

The butler swallowed hard. He knew that he had escaped a calamity. However, this was only temporary. If he could not satisfy the Lord in front of him, his future would be bleak. The best outcome would be to lose a leg.

Taking a deep breath, he sorted out his chaotic thoughts and organized his words. Then, the butler said, "According to our spies in Beginner Village 6666, Weeping Soul is still in Beginner Village for some reason."

"He should have reached Level 10 a long time ago. Why is that?” Lei Hao interrupted him just as he started to speak. However, the butler did not dare to voice his anger and waited respectfully for his master to speak." Could it be that Lin Yatu has some sort of deal with him? He even gave up the honor and reward of being the first to leave the novice village and the first to change occupations?! Is he that generous?”

No, you're thinking too much!

The butler stood at the side, hesitating to speak!

After thinking about it, he chose to remain silent!

Although this was unlikely, what if Weeping Soul and Lin Yatu really did have some kind of deal? No one could say for sure!

The investigation report only said that the possibility was slim, but it did not mean that it was impossible!

Was he making himself uncomfortable by reminding her now?

So what if he was right? There was no reward!

But if he was wrong, he could not bear the consequences!

"Continue!"

After thinking for a while, Lei Hao wasn't sure either. He could only put this matter to the back of his mind and let the butler continue speaking.

"Weeping Soul is a very mysterious person. Other than the novice village, no one has seen him in the wilderness." The butler carefully made up words, afraid that he would say something sensitive that would provoke Lei Hao. Especially the two words "Luo He", he kept it firmly in his mouth and would never spit it out. "There is very little information about him, but there is no doubt that he stayed in the novice village for one reason: a hidden mission!"

"Previously, we had members who crossed the plains and wanted to enter the forest at the edge of the Beginner's Village to level up and search for treasures, but we were stopped by NPCs. The reason they gave was that there were sinister devils in the forest and they had been sealed off. Outsiders were not allowed to enter."

"Demons? Really? This kind of setting isn't strange, but isn't it too early in a place like the Beginner's Village? It doesn't make sense at all." Lei Hao's interest was piqued and he asked, "Are there any related missions? For example, exterminating demons and obtaining information."

Hidden mission!

That was related to a large amount of experience points, high-level equipment, super strong skill books, and even more unknown rewards. Even if he had the support of the Thunder Union and had a huge amount of resources that ordinary people could not imagine, he would not ignore this mission that might greatly increase his strength.

"No!" The butler shook his head. "Those NPCs are very determined. No matter how we try, they won't reveal more information, let alone issue missions."

Lei Hao was a little disappointed!

The butler did not dare to lift his whiskers to comfort him. He could only bite the bullet and continue, "Weeping Soul stayed in the Beginner's Village. It's very likely that he took on a hidden mission related to the forest. Yesterday, many people saw him running towards the forest. Our people tracked him, but he was too fast and lost track of him."

"Is this your good news?"

Lei Hao looked gloomy!

Weeping Soul was absolutely irreconcilable with him. Now that he had accepted a hidden mission, once he completed it, his strength would definitely soar and the threat would be even greater.

Was this old man really tired of living by saying this in front of him?

Initially, he thought that he was an old man from the Lei family and had watched him grow up. Later on, he would be gentler and only cripple one of his legs. But now, it seemed like he didn't even have two legs left. How dare he fool Lei Hao!

"No! I'm just reporting this to you, Young Master!"

The butler could feel the murderous intent in Lei Hao's eyes. He was so frightened that he almost collapsed on the ground. Fortunately, he still had some important information to hold on to and hope. He did not lose his composure. "The real good news is this. Look!"

The butler took a tablet and skillfully swiped across it. He entered a certain interface and handed it over.

"Oh!" Lei Hao took it and looked at the content on the tablet screen. He grinned with interest. "This is really interesting!"

"At the very beginning, we had already put all our efforts into pressuring Fate Corporation and spent a huge sum of money to bribe the Internet Water Army to create hype on the Internet." Seeing that Lei Hao's eyes had returned to normal and his aura was not as strong as before, the butler heaved a sigh of relief. "We can't help it. Fate Corporation held a press conference and promised to communicate with the mainframe to thoroughly investigate Weeping Souls."

"That's it?" Lei Hao's smile froze as he looked coldly at the butler. "You should know very well that with the power of the mainframe, it's impossible for anyone to cheat in the world of fate and make use of bugs. The results of the investigation have long been determined. Not only will this wave not bring any losses to Weeping Soul Beast, it will also increase his reputation and completely surpass everyone else, directly becoming a god."

"No!" The butler said, "Of course it's more than that.—I had already started to make arrangements before the press conference. Now, more than 50,000 people in Novice Village 6666 have been bribed by me!"

"Buy?" Lei Hao finally looked at him seriously. He was no longer so boneless. He sat up straight and said in a serious tone, "Tell me your plan!"

"Our Internet Water Army has already started to take action on a large scale on the Internet. They are crazily slandering Weeping Souls, leading those ignorant fools to think that Weeping Souls is a cheater. They are despicable people who use BUGs to play tricks. They say that they have disgraced the entire world, bringing shame to the country and making China a laughing stock."

The butler became more agitated as he spoke. "You know that many netizens are like rain and wind when they see the wind. They don't have any brains at all, and they won't bother to investigate whether it's true or not. They will only listen to one-sided words and display their imagination. With them as the center, they will think that what they think is the truth, and then they will become our chess pieces, naturally helping us and serving us."

"Also, we Chinese are very patriotic. As long as anything has anything to do with the country, it will cause a huge discussion. After our influence, the Internet is already in an uproar. At least 70% of people are on our side and starting to condemn Weeping Souls. The net is completed. Now, we just need to wait for the storm to become bigger. When the time comes, it will naturally sweep past and leave nothing behind."