Chapter 94: How?

"Eat slowly, don't rush!"

Looking at Nan Nan's adorable appearance, Qin Sheng somehow felt better.

However!

Happy times were always so short!

Qin Sheng took a deep look at Nan Nan who was squinting her eyes and smiling slightly, revealing two small dimples. She was as lazy and adorable as a cat. He sighed helplessly.

Get up!

Qin Qin Sheng walked to the kitchen. On his unlocked phone, the number 110 appeared and he waited to make the call.

"If only I had such a cute daughter!"

Qin Qin Sheng felt a little stifled. "It's a pity that the mother's child, Solo, has been playing games in kindergarten for 18 years and has never even held a girl's hand. -- Sigh, let's call the police. If our daughter is lost, the family will probably go crazy. If we send her back earlier, her parents and family will be able to rest easy."

"What a headache!"

Just as Qin Sheng was about to call the police, a faint voice rang out from behind him. Startled, he turned around subconsciously and saw the cute girl floating in the air, eye to eye with him.

"Have a good sleep!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned pale with fright. Just as he was about to speak, he was attracted by those dark and profound eyes. His consciousness gradually turned chaotic as his body softened.

"As expected of Daddy. Even if he's already… his memories can't be erased!"

Nan Nan looked depressed. "Looks like I can only tamper with my memories a little. Otherwise, this stupid father of mine keeps wanting to send me away. Sigh!"

…

14 PM!

"Did you sleep for so long?"

Qin Sheng was rather surprised when he took the phone beside him and lit it up.

"Sigh!"

Letting out a long sigh, Qin Sheng thought of his failed mission and felt a little melancholic.

Although it had only been a few days since the launch of Fate Dimension, he felt that a long time had passed.

He had worked so hard for so long, and now, he had returned to his former self. How infuriating!

"Forget it, let's start over again!"

Qin Sheng stood up silently and said helplessly, "I only hope that I won't screw up my awakening talent again. Not to mention the super-god talent of SSS, as long as I don't give it to the common Class E or D, it'll be fine!"

“Daddy, you’re awake!”

When he opened the door, he was greeted with the sight of Nan Nan’s lovely face.

"Nannan, how many times have I told you not to call me daddy? Call me big brother!"

Qin Luo was speechless.

"I'm only 18 years old. I don't even have a girlfriend. If I had a daughter as old as you, I'm afraid all the girls would be scared away. Are you trying to make me a bachelor for the rest of my life?"

"Got it, daddy, got it!" Nan Nan blinked her eyes slyly.

"Forget it, whatever makes you happy!" Qin Luo's breathing halted. He really did not know what to say.

What can you do with a daughter who looks better than an angel?

Of course it was to forgive her!

"Are you hungry? What do you want to eat? You're new here and you're not used to it, right? It's okay, you'll be fine after a while! I'll take care of you from now on!"

When he thought of Nan Nan's pitiful background, Qin Luo was filled with compassion.

Nan Nan was from the same village as him. Due to their seniority, her father was his brother. Although the brother was about 20 years apart, according to seniority, they were indeed brothers. The two families were relatives and neighbors. Their relationship had always been good.

However!

Not long ago, Nan Nan's family had come to Shanghai for a holiday. Her parents had died in a car accident, leaving her all alone.

Initially, he wanted to send her back to her hometown. However, all of her relatives were gone. In terms of relationships, he was the closest to her. Hence, after a series of procedures, he became Nannan's guardian and she would be raised by him from now on.

"Has the altered memory taken effect?"

Watching Qin Luo leave for lunch, Nan Nan’s obedient expression disappeared, replaced by a deep thought that did not belong to her age. “Finally, the whole stupid daddy has accepted me. Next, rest well and recuperate. Continuously using my ability has consumed a lot of my energy. I only hope that those guys’dog noses are not as sharp as before and that they will not be able to find this world anytime soon!”

…

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

Qin Luo, who had already made his preparations, thought that he would appear cleanly at the resurrection point in the Beginner's Village. However, when he opened his eyes, he realized that he was still inside the Lotus Flower Platform in the mine cave.

"How?"

Stroking the back of his head, Qin Sheng did not quite understand the situation. "Oh right, am I…"

With trepidation, Qin Luo opened his stats window shakily—

Level: 10!

Oh yeah!

"The level hasn't changed? How can this be?—Could it be that the mission has been completed?"

Qin Luo opened the mission board again!

[Mission Title: Eliminate the evil demons

[Mission Introduction]…

[Current Status] Completed

NICE!

Qin Luo Sheng snapped his fingers excitedly!

"The dog system is not f*cked up! I knew it! A BOSS like Elder Feng is not only strong but also has an undying body. How can anyone defeat him?"

"As expected, the players are just assisters. The mission is only to delay Elder Feng and delay him for a period of time. The one who really dealt with him is another expert."

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but think of the third party who had suddenly stepped into the battlefield before he lost consciousness. Although he was already dazed at the time, he could confirm that there was indeed a third person!

He opened the battle log and flipped through the records. There was only a single message hanging there!

"Ding… You have successfully completed the hidden mission [Exterminate the Demons]. Reward: 10,000 military merits, 3,000 Reputation Points, permanent ownership of Shadow Warrior, one special skill book, one special scroll! Also, please head to the temple and inform the High Priest to activate the follow-up mission!"

Just this?

Gone?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

What about World TV, which was the first to kill an Ancient BOSS?

What about the experience and reputation rewards for killing the Boss?

Did you eat it?

"Forget it, I wasn't the one who killed Elder Feng in the first place. I'm lucky to have him, but I'm not!"

Qin Luo Sheng did his usual routine. After complaining slightly, he immediately calmed himself down. "It's already enough to complete the mission. Why would I need a bicycle? It's just an Epic-ranked Boss. There will be plenty of chances in the future. Now that I've preserved my level, profession, and talent, I haven't started from zero. It's already considered a blessing. I can't be too greedy."

However!

[Devil's Blood Sacrifice] is gone!

He touched his clean right ear with a complicated expression.

[Demon Blood Sacrifice] was indeed a scam, but it had to be said that its ability was really strong. If used properly, it could defy the heavens and change fate.

What a pity!

It was taken away by Elder Feng. Now, it was either reduced to ashes along with Elder Feng or it was in the hands of the NPC who killed Elder Feng. It was impossible to take it back.

Ahhh!

Lost My Love Forever!