Chapter 98: Human Purgatory, Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array

"Starlight Blessing!"

"Ding, Starlight Blessing is in effect. Please choose your target!"

"Choice—Miracle Starlight!"

"Success!"

"Miracle of Starlight, sublimated [Sealing Scroll]. Low-level forbidden spell, Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array."

"Successful sublimation!"

[Sealing Scroll: Low-level Forbidden Curse: Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array] sealed a forbidden spell that was drawn by an ancient Snake Clan expert. Once activated, the Poison Array would be formed. Within the array, tens of thousands of viper phantoms would be formed. Fused with tens of thousands of snake venom, it would kill all life. Effect: Within a range of 500x 500, it would cause a fixed amount of 50,000 + X (X is the user's Constitution x10) Poison Damage (used by the Snake Clan, the effect would be doubled) for 60 seconds. Additional effects of poison, blindness, fear, and speed reduction. Pain shielding would be ineffective, and pain would increase by 200%! Requirement: None!

He flipped it—Ten times?

Very good!

Although it was still the same for 60 seconds, it was enough. The 500x500 area was enough to trap all the idiots in front of him. None of them could escape!

As for damage?

Haha!

Was there a need to consider this?

With a base of 50,000 points per second, even a wall hanging like him wouldn't be able to withstand it for even a second. How could this bunch of trash withstand it?

However, it was a pity that it could not deal them any more damage. After all, it was an instant kill!

However!

The good thing was that the pain amplification had also increased by ten times, reaching 200%. In other words, the system's shielding of pain was ineffective. No matter how you adjusted it, it would become 100% real pain!

Then!

It was increased by another 200% and doubled!

Tsk tsk!

Just thinking about it made him shudder!

“Although it’s a bit of a waste, this is still a forbidden spell scroll after all. It’s something that can only be chanced upon by luck, but it’s worth it if it can make me feel refreshed!”

"Then—let's begin!"

The scroll opened like a picture scroll slowly unfolding!

Energy surged, and the green toxic light intensified. It surged out from the scroll and illuminated the sky.

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

"Hiss hiss hiss…"

Poison Array was formed instantly!

Within the array formation, tens of thousands of vipers hissed. Their scarlet and cold snake eyes displayed extreme coldness. These were the eyes of an emotionless predator!

“What is this? What is this?”

"Snakes! Snakes! There are so many snakes! Ahhh! Get lost! Don't block the way! I want to get out!"

"Wow… Mommy, I'm scared!"

"Weeping Soul, what are you trying to do?"

"…"

Loneliness, helplessness, hesitation, fear…

Under the cold gaze of thousands of snake predators, the fear of humans lurking deep in their genes was magnified even further. Before the poison array had even taken effect, many people had already collapsed to the ground. There were even some who were extremely afraid of snakes and were on the verge of mental breakdown.

"Die!"

Boundless wails and pleas for mercy resounded throughout the entire Breezy Plains. Qin Sheng's face was as cold as ice, and his heart was as hard as steel. He turned a deaf ear to all of this. He raised his right hand and fiercely slapped the center of the scroll that was currently enveloped by green energy.

"Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array, activate!"

Buzz…

Energy rumbled and space trembled!

A ray of dark light shot out from the scroll, straight into the poisonous cloud that hid thousands of poisonous snakes.

In an instant, the poisonous cloud exploded and spread out, covering an area of 500 meters below!

At the same time!

The tens of thousands of poisonous snakes that were resting in the poisonous clouds had lost their resting place and were falling from the clouds!

Various venomous snakes of different lengths launched aerial attacks like rain.

In an instant!

Mad Thunder and the others below were collectively dumbfounded!

Who am I?

Where am I?

What am I going through?

No one answered, because the screams, roars, cries, and other high decibels had already filled their ears. Other than that, there was only the hissing sound of countless venomous snakes hissing!

"It's really a good disaster blockbuster! Ah—at least, I'm watching it with interest!"

Qin Sheng, who was standing on the other end, watched the scene of tens of thousands of people being chased by poisonous snakes in the poison array with an excited expression.

Extremely realistic touch, perfect body feeling, and double the pain!

Perhaps he could only last for one second, but it was enough!

This feeling of being in a snake’s den and being accompanied by a myriad of snakes, this kind of trembling and fear that came from the heart, was far from what physical pain could compare to.

I believe that these idiots with no brains or ulterior motives will either enter a mental hospital for the rest of their lives or have nightmares forever. They will never forget today and this moment!

"Since you chose to be a spear, then you have the awareness to be a spear. If you want to blame someone, blame it on Young Master Leiting. Blame yourselves for being stupid!"

Countless rays of white light soared into the sky. Qin Sheng stood there expressionlessly. He looked at the crowd that had been densely packed just a moment ago. Now, they had all disappeared at a speed visible to the naked eye. His heart did not waver at all.

A few seconds later!

White Light was not here!

On the calm Breeze Grassland, only the terrifying Myriad Viper Shadow Array was still in operation. Poisonous clouds drifted and cold winds blew. Below it, the intertwined hissing of thousands of poisonous snakes shook the sky.

In the midst of the poisonous snakes, countless corpses were lying on the ground. They were either bitten to death by the snakes, strangled to death by the snakes, or poisoned to death…

There were many ways to die!

However, the only similarity was that there was fear and despair on their faces. They were tortured to death!

"Is there still 50 seconds left? How weak!"

With a wave of his hand, Qin Luo Sheng cut off the energy release of the forbidden spell. Instantly, the scroll floating in front of him shattered. The poison array that shook the sky and earth, encompassing an area of 500x500, dispersed along with it. The green poison cloud in the sky also slowly disintegrated, no longer existing.

Without the restriction of the Poison Array, the corpses that covered the mountains and plains were quickly refreshed and disappeared, leaving behind only bits of starlight that covered the ground like a carpet formed by equipment!

A man cannot get rich without a windfall, a horse cannot get fat without grass at night!

Indeed!

He had worked so hard, he might as well do this!

Even though they did not know the exact number, according to the settings where one to three pieces of equipment dropped from a dead person, even if it was just a reserve, there were at least fifty to sixty thousand pieces of equipment lying around!

"Brother Yatu, it's time to return the favor!"

He switched on his communicator and contacted Ya Tu.

"— Brother Weeping Soul, I-I really don't know what to say!"

Yatu’s voice came. He sounded confused, nervous, and complicated.

"There are tens of thousands of equipment here. You should know what I'm talking about, right?"

Qin Luo did not delve too deeply into the peculiarity of Ya Tu. In fact, he had already guessed it. After all, he had seen quite a number of figures standing in the distance earlier. Moreover, this game had a function called—live stream!