Chapter 100: Special Skill: World-Slaying (1)

WD

Damn!

Young Master Thunder immediately spat out a fragrant breath!

Looking at the two guards who had distorted the truth and slandered him, Young Master Thunder found them very familiar!

I've seen this scene before!

However!

This time, his identity had changed. He, Mad Thunder, had been reduced from an abuser to an abuser.

Was it really a good cycle?

Mad Thunder did not believe it!

But what could he do?

Power was the axiom. He knew this principle very well. In the past, he was the one who controlled the 'truth', but now, the 'truth' was controlled by someone else.

If possible, Mad Thunder wanted to raise his hand and chop off the heads of these two dog-like guards. He wanted to be a hero once again.

But!

He didn't dare!

He couldn't win either!

So!

He had no choice but to submit obediently and be shackled and taken away.

"You want to use the system to deal with me? You're too naive! Do you really think that I don't have any special privileges or preferential treatment for this hidden mission that I'm trying so hard to complete? You want to trick me? Then I'll give you a taste of your own medicine and let you go to prison to wake up!"

Qin Luo Sheng watched Lei Tingkuang being taken away expressionlessly. There was no fluctuation in his heart at all. It was as if he had accidentally crushed an ant to death. He did not even bother to look at him.

How boring!

What a waste of my time!

He locked onto the Divine Temple and sped forward!

"High Priest, I'm back!"

Qin Luo rushed into the shrine and greeted the High Priest with a smile on his face.

Hmm!

How rude!

However!

Qin Luo Sheng had already restrained himself by not giving him a full set of punches at the first moment, yet he still had to smile and pretend that nothing had happened?

Impossible!

"Thank you, child…"

It was yet another bunch of useless nonsense. Qin Sheng was so distracted that he didn't listen at all.

The High Priest:…

Hey!

You've gone too far!

Do you know how to respect the elderly and love the young?

The High Priest was very embarrassed, but he also knew why Qin Sheng was acting this way. Qin Sheng had been completely tricked by him and was currently expressing his dissatisfaction!

"Looks like it's going to cost a lot!"

The High Priest lamented in his heart, but he still put on a smile that was as refreshing as the spring breeze. "You have contributed greatly to the extermination of the demons. I have already sent a letter to the Imperial Court overnight. I believe that your reward will be delivered soon."

Qin Luo Sheng was still expressionless!

He already knew about this!

A reward from the Imperial Court?

Wasn't it just 10,000 military merits? What was the use of having them already in the account?

Make the attribute panel look better?

“This is an Origin Stone that contains pure, attributeless energy. It has many uses and is quite valuable! Originally, my ancestor gave it to me as a family heirloom. Today, I’ll give it to you. A good horse will be equipped with a saddle, and a treasured sword will be given to a hero. I hope you won’t forget your original intentions and continue to work hard for the human race, killing sinister devils and returning peace to the human world!”

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up!

“High Priest, please be at ease. As a member of the human race, I will naturally do my best to fight for the rise of the human race. I will exterminate demons and kill our enemies!”

The High Priest:…

If not for the fact that you moved faster than Shadowless, I would have believed you!

Just a moment ago, he had been so calm. Now that he had a reward, his smile became even brighter?

Was it that real?

"I'm relieved that you have such intentions!"

The High Priest looked at Qin Luo deeply, silently wondering if he was alone.

Initially, he thought that he was a hot-blooded young man who was easy to fool. He didn't expect him to be a f*cking little fox. He had really misjudged him.

"The threat has been eliminated. You and I can finally be at ease!"

The High Priest said, “After many adventures, you’ve grown up and become a qualified warrior. Although this village has a beautiful scenery and is a utopia, it’s too small and will restrict your development and vision. You should go to a wider stage and experience a wider world.”

In other words, get lost?

Qin Qin Sheng heard the intonation of the bowstring, but there seemed to be something wrong.

"However, I have another mission here. It's not necessary. You can choose whether to accept it or not!"

Indeed!

The High Priest immediately changed the topic.

"Please explain!"

Qin Luo was glad that he did not turn around and leave immediately. Otherwise, he would have lost another hidden mission.

"This is no secret!"

The High Priest was very satisfied with Qin Sheng's attitude. Although he knew that the little fox didn't get up early unless there was profit to be had, and respect was only on the surface, being able to feign civility with him was already very good. Coincidentally, he also hoped that someone would complete the mission in his hands as soon as possible so that everyone could make use of each other. No one owed anyone anything!

"You know about the trial grounds, right?"

The High Priest said, “The land of trials originally didn’t exist. Because of the frequent eruption of dark power, too many creatures have been infected. In order to prevent them from causing trouble, we had no choice but to lock them in a secret place and allow them to kill each other and destroy themselves.”

"This secret place did not come out of nowhere. It was an ancient land that had existed since ancient times. Although the exact source is unknown, what we know for sure is that it is a burial ground with the corpse of a great vicious being sealed inside."

"So many years have passed. The secret grounds have always been silent, without any abnormalities. Everyone believes that the secret grounds have become a land of death. Even the tomb-guard clans that have been passed down for generations believe so.”

"Unfortunately, we took it for granted!"

"At first, it was indeed as quiet as before, and our vigilance was relieved. However, ten days ago, an anomaly happened."

"As the restricted zone is a sealed pocket world, the blood and resentment of the demonized creatures that killed each other could not break out of the cage. As time passed, they actually gathered. Then, they alarmed the peerless great vicious being in the burial ground. It woke up."

Qin Sheng:…

This background again?

It was extremely familiar!

Wasn't this a replica of the sinister devil in the mine?

F*ck!

This game planner was too heartless!

“What happened afterwards? Was that exceptional vicious being suppressed?”

Qin Qin Sheng asked with a grin.

That's right, it was just nonsense.

If it was resolved, why would he still be talking so much to you?

However, this topic still had to continue. Since he couldn't find anything to say, he could only play along!

"No!"

The High Priest shook his head. "However, the dynasty did not sit back and do nothing. They gathered ten Space Archmages and imprinted the array formation. They split the secret ground into countless mirror worlds and opened them to the outside world."

Open to the public?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned.

All of them?

"The trial grounds!"

The High Priest said with a serious expression, "The place that gives you warriors of the alternate realms as a trial is the Mirror Dimension that was split from the secret land. You will choose the difficulty through the special officials in charge of teleportation. They will send you to the corresponding Mirror Dimension that has already been assigned. The strength of the Mirror Dimension will reflect the strength of the demonized creatures imprisoned inside."

I see!

Qin Luo nodded to himself.

This way, he could explain himself.

"However, this is only a way to treat the symptoms and not the root cause!"

The High Priest looked at Qin Sheng and said with a serious expression, "If you want to solve the problem completely, you have to kill that unparalleled ferocious beast that has yet to fully awaken!"

Qin Sheng:…