Chapter 709: Mission Completed, Reward Obtained

"Who is it? He's so awesome. Not only did he cut the queue, but he's also so respectful to the job-changing mentor?"

"F*ck, is he the son of the CEO of a gaming company? There's such treatment?"

"It's not fair. This old man looks at me as if I'm a dead mother, but when it comes to others, he almost kneels and licks them. Do you have to treat him so differently?"

"Eh, this guy looks familiar!"

"Forget it, he's wearing a mask, why would he look familiar!"

"This guy is also a talent. He's wearing beginner's clothing to accept the Job-Changing Mission? Is he level 30?"

"Novice's clothing? Hiss… Could it be?"

"F*ck, Weeping Soul, is it Weeping Soul? All his equipment has been destroyed. Besides him, who else would wear beginner's clothing to accept the Job-Changing Mission?"

"Yes, it must be him! If it's not Weeping Soul Beast, I will eat ten kilograms of sh * t on a live broadcast. In the entire Fate World, probably only this big shot can make the NPCs treat him with respect."

"…"

The entire Class Advancement Hall suddenly erupted.

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly dumbfounded.

This…

What was going on?

I didn't expose myself!

He opened the settings and took a look. That's right, it was indeed blocked.

During the mission conversation, other than him, no one else would hear his conversation with the NPC. How did he get recognized?

Damn it!

If he had known this would happen, he would have been more ruthless. He would have blocked all the images on the settings. He would not even allow the NPCs to see the images, let alone talk to them. At that time, no matter what the NPCs talked to the players or how exaggerated their actions were, in the eyes of others, the NPCs would be like that. They would not even move.

Tsk!

"Elder Ge, my situation is a little special. I will be preparing for the Battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform next. Do you think so?"

Qin Sheng was rather frightened by the commotion around him. If he were to be stuck here, wouldn't his few hours of preparation be wasted?

Could it be…

Was he going to fight against Long Yuan in a beginner's outfit?

What the f*ck was the difference between this and courting death?

"Good, good, good. Prepare well. You must defeat the Black Dragon King on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. This bastard dared to attack our Star Brilliance City directly a few days ago, scaring everyone in the city. Such an evil dragon should have been killed long ago."

The matter at the Terrifying Dragon Arena had long since spread like wildfire. Ge Lin, who was well-informed, naturally knew about it. He also knew that a few hours had passed. Sweeping a glance at the chaos around him, he smiled apologetically and swiftly took out a few items and stuffed them into Qin Sheng's arms. "Come, this is your reward. Take it well! I, this old man, have no way of helping you. His Majesty has also explicitly forbidden me from giving you any help on the surface, for fear of incurring others' wrath. Especially now, with thousands of races watching."

As he spoke.

Gerin suddenly lowered his voice and said, "However, I am in charge of this Class Advancement Mission, and you happened to receive the mission from me. Therefore, I took the initiative to change the reward for you. I hope it will help you!"

"Elder Ge, thank you!"

A look of gratitude appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face. He naturally knew that this so-called reward exchange was most suitable for him. To be precise, it was most suitable for him in his current state, suitable for him who was about to fight against the Dragon Abyss. "Don't worry, I will not disappoint you. I will definitely win this battle!"

"That's good! That's good!"

Ge Lin was grinning from ear to ear. Then, he withdrew his smile and cupped his hands with a solemn expression. With a serious expression, he said, "Zhu Jun, Wu Yun Changlong!”

Qin Luo did not say a word, but his gaze was sharp and indomitable!

"Elder Ge, farewell!"

Qin Luo bade farewell to Gerin and immediately crushed the return scroll. The light from the teleportation circle brought his body away from his original spot, causing the surrounding players and the players who had rushed over after receiving the news to pounce on him.

Ding… congratulations on completing the mission [Greem's Anticipation]. Reward: Inheritance Scroll * 1! As your mission completion rate has reached 100%, additional ultimate reward: Barrier Breaking Scroll * 1!

"Ding, congratulations on completing the mission [Demon Palace], you have successfully completed the second stage. As your class is the hidden class, Shadow Warrior, Health Points + 2000, Mana Points + 1000, Physical Attack + 10%, Critical Hit Rate + 5%, Evasion + 5%, Strength + 100, Constitution + 80, Agility + 100, Spirit + 50, every time you level up, the reward will double! As your mission completion rate is extremely high, you have received additional reward: One skill scroll, one special equipment!"

"Ding, as you have successfully advanced to Rank two, your mission [Mercenary King's Last Wish] has been activated. You have entered the next stage. Please proceed to the mission panel to check!"

Qin Sheng lowered his head and left the resurrection point quickly as he listened to the system prompts ringing in his ears.

As he walked, he changed his form.

It changed from equipment to fashion.

The equipment form was currently beginner's cloth clothing. As for the fashion form, there were all kinds.

At this stage.

After continuous development, fashion could no longer only be purchased in the system's tailor shop. With the high profile insertion of lifestyle players, various styles of fashion were designed. There were so many different styles that it was too much for the eyes to take in.

In the city, most players liked to wear fashion.

Firstly, it was fashion. Young people all liked to be flashy. Even those who were older would have memories of the times. For example, the Chinese tunic suit and Tang suit were deeply loved by many elderly people!

Secondly, it was easy. Not only did the Living job gamers like fashion, but the Battle job gamers also liked it. They fought hard outside and fought against monsters. They had no choice but to wear equipment. When they returned to the city or even home, did they have to wear clumsy and ugly equipment? They had to wear it as easily as they could! It was just like in the real world where they changed into light clothes and even pajamas when they returned home!

Thirdly, it was to show off. Fashion in the game was similar to fashion in real life. It was not a symbol of status, but it was indeed something easy to differentiate. The more expensive and new the style, the more money and connections one had. Especially those high-end custom-made fashions that did not enter the market and only served the rich, it was even more so. Wearing such fashions meant that one had face. It was easy to pick up girls.

It was the first time Qin Luo Sheng had entered Starlight City. In order to avoid exposure, he had spent 21 gold coins to purchase it.

You have to know.

At that stage, the first-rate players had just reached level 10 and entered the main city.

The exchange rate of 1 gold coin was close to 10,000 RMB, and it was priceless.

As long as he put the gold coins on the virtual trading platform, one could easily sell for more than 10,000 RMB!

If he met the boss, the price would be even higher.

After all.

When they couldn't even afford to drink potions and had to spend time recovering naturally, everyone seemed to be from the slums.

If one gold coin was spent sparingly, it could be used for a long time.

Even if he was extravagant, he could use it to buy a lot of potions. If he did not care about the investment, he could rely on pills to increase his efficiency rapidly and level up quickly, one step ahead of others. This was not something that could be bought with money.

Now.

When the players got up, although the gold coins were not overflowing and were completely worthless, the ratio dropped again. From 1 to 10,000 gold coins at the peak, it became 1 to double digits now!

Qin Luo Sheng's priceless ordinary fashion and mask had long been abandoned by the local tycoons. There were only ordinary poor players who could not afford high-grade fashion and were still wearing them.

As expected, no one would be able to recognize him if he changed into fashion.

A group of anxious people who had come to find their idol or had ulterior motives had completely ignored Qin Sheng. "Release!" He had easily left the resurrection point!