Chapter 708: A Brand-New [Medal Of Honor]

"Is this… a blessing in disguise?"

Qin Qin Sheng was very excited.

On the Furious Bears Ridge, he had lost ten levels. Not only was he tortured, but he had also lost all his equipment. It was too tragic.

Now.

They were all back.

Not only had he once again entered the eyes of the Grand Xia Empire's highest authority, the Emperor and the military favored him greatly. One of them personally wrote an imperial edict with the imperial aura and sent an eunuch to save him while the other gave him a considerable amount of military merits.

With these two thick legs, wouldn't he be able to advance rapidly in the future?

And there was a considerable reward.

Not to mention anything else, just a set of equipment at the current stage of the game could be exchanged for a title, which was already a huge profit, not to mention other rewards.

Even though these were Qin Sheng's rewards for completing the mission, he believed that if not for this siege and the fact that he had become an important part of the human race's scheme against the dragon race, the original reward would not have been these.

The rewards now were definitely modified!

"Calm down, calm down!"

After taking a few deep breaths, Qin Sheng forced himself to calm down. "Where are we now? We still have a long way to go. If the human race wants to mess with the dragon race, it won't happen overnight. I'm the Dragon Lord appointed by the Dragon God, the best natural chess piece and the only chess piece. It's impossible for me to not be put in an important position."

"In the upcoming battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, if I win against the Dragon Abyss, I will even openly become the center of the Dragon Clan and become the king of the Black Dragon Clan, ascending to the upper echelons of the Dragon Clan. In this way, in terms of status, I will be on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor, and in terms of actual power, I will control the Black Dragon Clan. At that time, the good days will come, and I will be able to eat both sides of the human and dragon clans, growing at an extremely fast speed."

After his excitement, Qin Sheng frowned again.

That's right.

The future was bright, so bright that he could not imagine it.

But.

If he wanted to have a chance at both ends, the first prerequisite was—

Winning the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, defeating Long Yuan!

Otherwise…

Everything ended.

Let alone eating two sides, it was hard to say whether the ID Weeping Soul Beast would still exist.

"Relax, relax, calm down, don't think too much!"

Qin Luo once again displayed his deep breathing technique. “Don’t think about anything at the moment. Let’s settle the most important matter first. As for the rest, we’ll take our time!—Let’s look at the Medal of Honor after evolution first. This concerns the upcoming decisive battle!”

[Medal of Honor]

Category: Medal

Grade: None

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 300, Luck + 8, Charm + 15

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Honor] Those who wear the Medal of Honor are all heroes of the dynasty. They have the identity of "heroes" and enjoy certain privileges. The system store will give a 70% discount to remove certain policy restrictions!

Additional Skill: [Heart of Glory] Consumes nothing. As a hero of the Empire, admired by the Emperor and admired by the people, one can borrow a certain amount of luck from the Empire to support oneself. Once activated, all attributes will be + 100%, Attack Power + 100%, Defense + 100%. Lasts for 5 minutes. Cooldown: One day!

Additional Skill: [Soul of Glory] has been used up. After activating it, you can summon the Hero Soul Imprint recorded in the Mercenary King's medal to fight for you. Every time you summon a random expert, the battle time is up to 10 minutes! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: A Medal of Honor. Only heroes who have made great contributions to the Empire will be granted it. It is a symbol of heroism, a symbol of honor.

Awesome!

As he looked at the brand new medal of honor, Qin Luo's entire body relaxed and felt so good that he could not breathe.

With the infusion of his own honor, this was originally a medal of honor bestowed by the mercenary group. At this moment, it completely belonged to him and not temporarily possessed!

Not only that.

The Medal of Honor also retained the ability of the Mercenary King Medal, as well as the souls of the original Mercenary King companions that were protected.

Compared to before.

The ability of the medal was greatly enhanced. Originally, it only had + 80 stats, Luck + 3, Charm Ignore!

Now, all his attributes had risen to a terrifying level of 300 points, and his Luck stat had increased by 5 points. His Charm was still ignored!

Comfortable!

Not to mention the current critical moment, every bit of strength meant a bit more assurance. Even in his original peak state, such a huge increase was extremely rare. Moreover, this was a medal that did not occupy any part of his equipment. Even if it was only a weak increase of one attribute, it was equivalent to an additional increase. Who wouldn't be happy if they picked it up for free?

Apart from the increase in attributes, the Medal of Honor also added another skill.

[Heart of Honor]!

Just by looking at the name, one could tell that it was from the same lineage as [Soul of Rongyu].

Still.

The effects were worlds apart.

Rongyu's soul was a summoning.

However, the Heart of Honor was amplified.

It was another super powerful skill that increased all attributes by 100%.

Not only that.

It also increased physical attack and defense by one fold. It was simply insane.

Besides.

It lasted for a full five minutes.

The only pity was that the CD was too long. It would take twenty-four hours a day.

Thus…

It was destined that this skill could only be used at critical moments as a trump card. It wasn't like Skywolf, Leopard Rush, who only had 5 minutes of CD. It could even be used to level up and kill monsters. It was a pity!

…

Class Advancement Hall!

Compared to Qin Luosheng's visit a few days ago, this place was much livelier.

That made sense.

After so many days, the second-tier players had gradually caught up. They were not as good as level 30, so they naturally came to accept the Class Advancement mission immediately. After completing the Class Advancement, they would give a lot of rewards. Not only would they increase their strength by a lot, but they could also strengthen their original skills and learn new Advanced Skills. That was a considerable increase in combat power.

For normal players, this was definitely the most important thing!

Even though the Class Advancement mission would consume a lot of manpower and resources, it was also the best and cheapest way to improve oneself. Whether it was rich people or poor people, experts or rookies, they would not let it go.

After all.

Not everyone was a freak like Weeping Souls.

From the beginning until now, his level had risen to Level 42, and he had finally completed the Class Advancement mission that should have been completed by Level 30!

"Warrior, no, Baron, you're finally here!"

Upon seeing Qin Luo, Ge Linma put down his conversation with the others. Under the stupefied gazes of the players queuing up to receive the Class Advancement Mission, he began to converse respectfully with Qin Luo Sheng. "Your deeds have already spread throughout the entire empire. I'm proud of you. Faced with the encirclement of more than ten True Dragons, facing death, you don't lose your style and are full of arrogance. You are this!"

As he spoke.

He gave Qin Sheng a thumbs up.

"You're too kind, too kind!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hands repeatedly and said modestly, "You're still the same as before. You calling me that really makes me a little nervous. The title is acknowledged by His Majesty and I've accepted it. However, I'm still me, still the same old Weeping Soul Beast!"