Chapter 704: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (6)

"However, you said that I would only go to jail if you were found. Since that's the case, wouldn't it be fine if I wasn't found?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered and stretched out his hand. Suddenly, he grabbed Lin Mingzhou's hair and pulled him violently. His screams were extremely pleasing to the ear. "I've already killed your henchman Li Ru. As the main culprit who harmed me back then, how do you think I should deal with you?"

"How dare you!"

Lin Mingzhou's eyes shone with fear, but he was still unyielding and refused to give in. "If you dare to touch me, my father will not let you off! The Lin family will not let you off either! Do you think you can do whatever you want just because of these people? You have no idea how powerful the Lin family is!"

"Lin Clan? Hehe!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but laugh. "The Lin family is indeed a colossus, but who do you think you are? You're just a useless profligate from the side family. Keeping you alive would only ruin the Lin family's reputation. If I kill you, Lin Yatu might even have to thank me!"

"Lin Yatu? You know Brother Yatu?”

Lin Mingzhou's body started to tremble. He did not know if it was because of the name Lin Yatu or because he knew what he was about to face.

"Let me tell you a secret!"

Qin Luo Sheng leaned his head close to Lin Mingzhou's ear and said softly, "I have another name, no, I should say ID. It's called—Weeping Soul!"

Lin Mingzhou's eyes widened!

"Go in peace. Be together with your lover, Li Ru, and be a pair of desperate lovers, living a carefree life. Isn't that beautiful? I don't have any other merits, but I like the beauty of adults. You don't have to thank me; I'm Lei Feng!"

With a slight movement, Qin Sheng broke the rope on Lin Mingzhou's body. At the same time, a hand grabbed his neck and lifted his entire body up. Looking at his face that had turned red from holding it in, his eyes that were gradually turning white, and his tongue that was sticking out, he felt extremely happy.

"Don't worry, the show has just begun!"

Seeing that Lin Mingzhou was about to take his last breath, how could Qin Sheng bear to let such a good toy die just like that? He hurriedly released him and threw him to the ground. "Do you know how I treated Li Ru? First, I broke her limbs, then crushed every bone in her body inch by inch. Then, I punched her again, ruthlessly smashing all her internal organs until her head exploded. Tsk, good fellow, red and white splattered all over my body…"

"Urgh…"

Lin Mingzhou instantly vomited.

"Don't throw up. How can such a small scene enter your eyes? I guarantee that I'll treat you better than Li Ru and treat you well. Otherwise, I'll let you down!"

Qin Luo Sheng was all smiles. That cultured and refined manner was just like how he used to be a top student.

Yet.

In Lin Mingzhou's eyes, this face almost scared him out of his wits.

"Sorry, sorry, please forgive me!"

Lin Mingzhou knelt down and begged like a dog.

“Don’t. Don’t do that.”

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hands repeatedly and forcefully helped him up. "Young Master Lin, doing this will damage your image in my heart. We haven't seen each other for a long time and it wasn't easy for someone to invite Young Master Lin over to be our guest. Although it's a little shabby, my fist and heart can't be faked. Since I'm already here, if I don't treat you warmly, wouldn't it be a slap to my face?"

The man in black beside him:…

"Qin Luo, don't be finished. We need to evacuate as soon as possible. The longer we delay, the easier it will be for us to be discovered."

At this moment.

The woman in the suit stepped forward and said.

Even though she really did not want to face Qin Sheng, this devil, especially in his current state, he would definitely do something even more cruel than treating Li Ru. After all, she, who had read through the documents, knew very well what this Lin family's playboy had done to him in the past.

Except.

She had to remind him.

The Lin family was the local tyrant of Shanghai. Even though the Du family was very powerful, even stronger than the Lin family, this kind of thing was not something to be shown in public. If they were discovered by the Lin family, they would definitely suffer.

Besides.

The kidnapping of Lin Mingzhou was not done by the Du family but by her master, Du Qiangwei.

Once this matter was exposed, Du Qiangwei would be in trouble.

All the benefits that they had gained over the years and the power that they had built all crumbled in an instant.

When the time came.

Du Qiangwei no longer had the right to resist, just like how Qin Luo had been framed back then. Her entire life had been destroyed.

"How disappointing!"

Qin Sheng, who had wanted to play a little more, instantly lost his good mood upon hearing this.

“Alas, it looks like I’ve failed as a host. Sir Lin, please don’t blame me!”

Qin Luo Sheng said regretfully with a smile on his face. However, behind that smile was hidden extreme ruthlessness. As he spoke and laughed, Lin Mingzhou's right pinky finger was forcefully broken by him.

"Ah…"

A miserable howl came out of Lin Mingzhou’s mouth. That heart-wrenching pain, as well as the fear that filled his heart, made the surrounding men in black involuntarily shiver.

"Don't panic, the show has just begun!"

He grabbed a handful of sand from the ground and stuffed it into Lin Mingzhou's mouth roughly. On the other hand, Qin Sheng really wanted to hear this fellow's miserable cries. This place was also very empty. It fit the criteria, but it was better to be careful. It was enough that there were cameras hidden in the surroundings. He could not afford to complicate matters.

That's right.

There were cameras around here.

Not only this abandoned factory, but there were also those who had tortured and killed Li Ru in the countryside.

As for who it belonged to, was there a need to ask?

"It seems like my partner is worried about me!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered in his heart.

"However, that's fine! I'll let you guys have something on me. In addition, since you've brought my family to Shanghai, it'll be easier for you to keep me in check. If you guys let your guard down, I'll have the time to develop!"

“Once I accumulate my strength, I won’t even need to fully control the Dreadfiend Wheel. I just need to be clear-headed enough to use it. Du Qiangwei is nothing. What can the Du Clan do to me then?”

"Just you wait, Du Qiangwei. The so-called evidence and trump card in your hands, as long as you give me time, will be nothing. Those who scheme against others will always be accounted for. I'm not that simple-minded and foolish bighead from my previous life who wants to control me for your use. In your next life!"

Qin Luo was thinking about other things, but his hands were not slow.

Time was limited, and the conditions were limited. Without preparation, many tricks could not be played.

Qin Qin Sheng did not pursue it, just like Li Ru.

One punch, then another.

After all the bones in Lin Mingzhou's body had been crushed, under the pale and trembling gazes of all the men in black, Qin Luo Sheng hammered him into meat paste in the most primitive way possible.

The endless wailing continued from beginning to end.

That resentful curse was even more chilling!

————

sp; “MD. Internet fluctuation. Now’s a good time. I’ve finished two fucking chapters.”