Chapter 707: Great Xia Empire: Baron

"Thank you for your advice, City Lord!"

Time was pressing and Qin Sheng did not want to waste it. He immediately bid farewell.

"Get ready, we can't lose this battle!"

Luo Lin was aware of the situation as well and did not stop him. When Qin Luo stepped out of the door, he added faintly, "Remember to make a trip to the Mercenary Guild, Undead Lich!"

It was a short sentence.

But when it entered Qin Sheng's ears, it was no different from thunder.

"F*ck, I f*cking forgot about this!"

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely furious and gave himself a hard slap.

Killing the Lich was a great achievement!

Because the Undead Lich had gone too far, he had destroyed 18 cities of the Towering Kingdom and massacred tens of millions of civilians, causing the heavens to be angry and resentful. As a result, his head was rewarded, and his ranking rose all the way to seventh on the bounty list.

This was a huge reward!

But Qin Luo had been so busy that he had forgotten about it.

If not for Luo Lin's reminder, he would not have known that there was such a huge gift waiting for him!

Qin Sheng had wanted to go to the Class Advancement Hall to look for Gelin, but he immediately changed direction and ran towards the Mercenary Guild without stopping.

"Ding! You have completed the Bounty Board mission. You have killed the Undead Lich who is ranked seventh on the Bounty Board. You have received a reward: 10,000 honor points, 8,000 military merits, and a noble title of the Empire!"

The female NPCs of the Mercenary Guild were as good as ever. They were also very efficient. In addition, Qin Luo's mission was very special. The female NPCs didn't even need to line up. They were directly assigned to him.

Suppressing his excitement, Qin Luo Sheng politely bid farewell to the NPC girl and quickly walked out of the Mercenary Guild, heading towards the Job-Changing Hall without delay.

As he ran, he checked the mission rewards.

There were only three rewards, and they looked a little shabby. After all, this was a ferocious Undead Lich who destroyed the 18 cities of the Towering Country alone. To give such a small reward after killing him was simply stingy.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng was very satisfied.

Rewards were expensive but not expensive.

If it were any other player, they would definitely be extremely disappointed. He had no equipment, no skill books, no scrolls, no formulas, and even no gold coins. However, Qin Luo Sheng was different. He had seen many things and knew what was good.

Those that could be seen and touched could never compare to those that were illusory and ethereal.

Gold coins, crappy things, most unpopular.

Equipment was something that could be eliminated anytime and anywhere. So what if it was a God-grade equipment? Once one's level increased, an Epic Legendary equipment would not be comparable to Silver Gold!

Skill Books could be obtained, but how could ordinary items arouse Qin Sheng's interest? The worst would be Epic, and the best would be Special. However, these types were too rare.

As for the scrolls and formulas, they were good stuff, but he didn't give them. What could he do?

Qin Qin Sheng was not disappointed either. This was a pleasant surprise to begin with. He could accept whatever was given to him.

Besides.

That's not bad either!

Honor Points: 10,000, usage unknown.

8,000 military achievements, as above. However, they had previously understood that the empire was a country where military achievements were determined by military achievements. Even if it was a prince, they would have to start from scratch after entering the army. Perhaps it was a bit of an advantage in status, but if there were no military achievements, then there would be no preferential treatment.

Previously, after solving the mine and the burial ground incident, his military exploits had accumulated to 15,000 points. Now, there were 8,000, which added up to 23,000. He couldn't tell anything now, but when he entered the Imperial City in the future, this considerable amount of military exploits would definitely bring him a pleasant surprise.

As for the end.

One imperial title.

Needless to say, Qin Sheng naturally understood this.

In a place like the feudal times of the World of Destiny, the hierarchy was very strict. The hierarchy was very severe. The people were the people, the merchants were the merchants, and the officials were the officials… They were insurmountable.

And at the top was the bureaucracy.

The pinnacle of this hierarchy was naturally the imperial clan, and the emperor was the greatest official!

The person who had a higher status than the officials was Jue!

The title was a symbol of status, a symbol of status.

Even officials with real power might not have a title.

Generally speaking, the titles were divided into nobles, dukes, marquises, counts, viscounts, and barons!

There was no need to mention the title of duke for now. Unless it was special, there would be no other title other than the royal family. The highest title would be duke.

"Let me see, what kind of title is this?"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his personal interface and saw the words "Great Xia Empire: Baron" clearly written on the honor column. He immediately sighed helplessly. "As expected, it's a baron! But that's right, it's already not bad to have a noble title. This is something that can't be obtained unless you make great contributions. There aren't many in the entire empire, yet you still want to reach the heavens in one step and obtain a noble title higher than a baron. You're really a little greedy."

He tapped on it lightly.

[Great Xia Empire: Baron]: The Great Xia Empire's Lord of the Barons. Possesses special privileges: If you don't pay respects to the officials, all the official shops in the Great Xia Empire will have a 10% discount. If you obtain EXP in the Great Xia Empire, + 10% gold coin drop rate, + 5% equipment drop rate!

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng rubbed his eyes hard, thinking that he had seen wrongly.

Damn!

It cracked!

Was the title so impressive?

Qin Luo Sheng knew very well that the System was hiding something. Or rather, it was hiding something.

Apart from these, there were definitely hidden privileges that were unknown to him.

What was marked out was only in accordance with the general rights of the players.

As a baron, even if it was the lowest rank of nobility, it was still a symbol of status. To obtain the official recognition and protection, there would definitely be privileges that could not be insulted or disrespected.

After all.

The title of nobility was given to him by the Empire, and he could be considered as a meritorious official of the Empire. If others were to disrespect him or even insult him, wouldn't he be going against the Empire?

No matter what, the local authorities had to be protected.

"Perhaps this thing can be used as an article!"

Qin Luo Sheng instantly thought of a plan to get someone else to do his dirty work. A sinister smile appeared on his face.

"The effect of the title is very strong. I haven't figured out its use for the time being. Then, what is this honor?"

Qin Luo closed his stats window and took out a medal from his backpack. There was nothing on it except for the words—Honor Points: 10,000!

"Ding… Detected that you have 10,000 honor points. You have a special item [Medal of Honor]. Do you want to infuse honor points into it and upgrade its ability?"

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to figure out the situation, the system's prompt came to clarify.

"The ability to upgrade the Medal of Honor?"

Qin Luo was pleasantly surprised.

Wasn't this like meeting a pillow when you were sleepy?

He was worried that he would not be able to find any good equipment to replace his old equipment in the battle in a few hours. Now, he had the chance to upgrade his old equipment ability. Wasn't this custom-made?

It was no wonder that Luo Lin gave him such a meaningful reminder. The officials of Great Xia had already arranged everything. They didn't even dare to come in the open. It was no wonder that they were helping him in the dark.

As expected, not only this side, but the rewards for the Class Advancement Hall were also not bad.

"Is this… a blessing in disguise?"