Chapter 702: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (4)

"Are you all dead? Did I spend money to invite you here just to watch a show?"

Her harsh words were stuck in her throat as she faced Qin Sheng's terrifying gaze. Not only that, she, who had come to find trouble in a fit of anger, was scared stiff by Qin Sheng, the real owner of the house.

But.

Thinking of her dream of marrying into a rich family and walking out of this remote county, she gritted her teeth and stopped. She stopped Qin Luo's invisible deterrence and screamed at the hooligans beside her, "Hurry up and attack! He's just a piece of trash. There are so many of you, why are you afraid of him?"

"Kid, if you know what's good for you, do as you're told. Otherwise, the knife in my hand won't have eyes!"

Even though he was a hooligan, it was a basic skill to observe people's expressions. However, he was still a hooligan after all. Furthermore, he was a hooligan from a small place like this. He did not have much experience and was used to stealing chickens and dogs. He was also used to being tyrannical. Especially the blonde, how would he dare to lose face in front of his subordinates?

The gangsters, especially these young people, were not beaten up by society. They were deeply affected by novels and movies. All of them were extremely righteous and relied on loyalty to walk together. If the blondie knelt down now and became a coward, he could forget about standing up in the future. He, as the boss, would naturally become useless.

"Courting death!"

Just as Qin Luo Sheng was fretting about how he had nowhere to vent his anger, this bunch of ruffians came knocking on his door. Instantly, an ominous glint flashed in his eyes. With lightning speed, he snatched the dagger from the blondie's hand and kicked him hard. Then, the dagger landed heavily. With the augmentation of the strong force, the already sharp dagger pierced through the blondie's palm and stabbed deeply into the concrete floor, leaving no handle!

"Ah…"

An extremely shrill scream was released from Yellow Hair's mouth, shaking the surroundings and echoing nonstop.

"Boss!"

"Boss!"

"Boss!"

The six hooligans at the side saw that their boss had collapsed from exhaustion. They did not consider the situation and looked at the person in front of them. In a moment of impulse, they rushed forward with weapons like bricks and steel rods.

"A bunch of trash!"

Qin Luo Sheng clenched his fists tightly as his muscles bulged. He was like a tiger entering a flock of sheep. One punch, one kick, one knock down after another, knocking down all these dregs. Even though he had retracted his strength, his strength was still extremely formidable. These fellows who had long been emptied of their bodies by alcohol and sex and often fought could not withstand it at all. Each of them had at least a few bones broken.

"You, don't… come here!"

Li Ru was dumbfounded.

Why was his trump card that he was proud of so weak?

"My man is Lin Mingzhou. He's rich. If you dare to touch me, he won't let you off."

Li Ru had the appearance of a white lotus, but her heart was the same. She looked fierce and was no longer the timid peasant child she remembered. She immediately brought out her backing. "Let me go. I can plead with Mingzhou to stop him from finding trouble with you. Otherwise, what happened to you before is just the beginning."

After graduating from school and entering society, Li Ru had also changed drastically.

At least.

This broadened his horizons.

In school, even if one harmed others and cheated others, their methods were still the same.

But in society, learning was fast, especially learning bad things.

Unfortunately.

After all, it was just a small county city and the place was only so big. Even though this was an era of information development and a cell phone understood the world, the effects of the environment could not be ignored. What kind of horizons could one have when interacting with gangsters all day long?

This…

If you can't cultivate well, you're facing a fiendish person who has control over your fate. Furthermore, he's your enemy. It's fine if you give in to him or threaten him. As long as it's appropriate, it's fine. But if you bring up the past again, are you afraid that you won't die quickly enough?

Indeed.

Her words angered Qin Sheng.

To be precise.

It was to revive the previous self's obsession.

As a child of an ordinary family who was born in a small county, he had no background, no backing, and no connections. The only thing he could rely on was himself. The fastest shortcut was university. If he went to a good university, he would be like a fish leaping over the dragon's gate.

Yet.

Everything was ruined.

He was originally a top student and was a straight-A student. He even had a chance to become one of the top universities in China. However, due to Lin Mingzhou and Li Ru's framing, not only did he miss his college entrance examination, he was also framed and sent to the police station. This matter caused an uproar in the entire county. In the end, his parents lost all their assets and used their lifetime savings. They even borrowed a lot of external debt to settle the matter and save his previous self.

His entire life was ruined and his entire family was implicated!

With such deep hatred, it was no wonder that his previous self had died with a grievance, his obsession deep.

Not only that.

The culprit, Lin Mingzhou, was an insidious villain who had punched him when his former self was protecting Li Ru. It was all for this punch. He bore a grudge and plotted that scheme. Even if his former self's future was ruined by him, his reputation was ruined, and his family was almost destroyed, he still did not give up.

His predecessor had fled to Shanghai, far away from the land of trouble. Lin Mingzhou had abandoned Li Ru and followed her. He had also found his predecessor's workplace and kept finding fault with him, causing him to lose his job. He had even colluded with a group of second-generation heirs to give his predecessor a fierce beating. As a result, his predecessor was severely injured and dismissed. He laid in the basement without any money for treatment and died with endless hatred.

Even though it had been so long since Qin Luo had transmigrated and replaced his previous self, he had made a lot of money in Fate Dimension and moved to a neighborhood with good security. He did not go out to look for a job and even ate takeaway. Lin Mingzhou could not find him at all.

A monk can run, but a temple cannot run.

Unable to find Qin Sheng, Lin Mingzhou set his sights on his family.

The good-for-nothing immediately came in handy.

As a second-generation playboy, Lin Mingzhou was well aware of Li Ru's thoughts. This village girl with a heart as high as the sky and a life as thin as paper, he was just playing around. How could he let her marry into the Lin family?

Unfortunately.

Even though some people knew about it, they would always daydream and deceive themselves. They would grab onto the so-called hope that did not exist and do foolish things.

Li Ru.

It was this kind of person.

After being duped by Lin Mingzhou on the phone, he didn't even want the fake Dakongfan's promise. In order to satisfy his master, he was willing to be a loyal dog and immediately came to find trouble.

First, she destroyed the Qin family's restaurant where she grew up from a small eatery to support her. Then, she found trouble with the gangsters and went to Father Qin's construction site, causing him to break his leg. Now, she was pushing her luck and chased all the way to the Qin family.

Like a mad dog.

"Lin Mingzhou, right? I'll find him."

The malevolence on Qin Sheng's face gradually faded as he looked at the fierce-looking Li Ru who was cowardly at heart. He said expressionlessly, "Didn't you want to become a phoenix? Didn't you want to join the Lin family and become a wealthy wife? Did you want to be together with the tall, rich, and handsome Lin Mingzhou in your eyes? On account that we grew up together, I'll fulfill your wish! However, the venue is hell!"