Chapter 706: Lorraine'S Point

"What's going on? Damask is not here. Even Mengmeng is not here?"

Qin Luo walked out of Luoshen Residence, his mind filled with question marks.

It was understandable that the Damask King was not around, but Mengmeng was a severe 'geek' who basically stayed at home. She had been researching the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison recently, so where did she go?

For some reason, Qin Sheng had a bad feeling.

"Forget it, now is not the time to think about this. I have to hurry."

He looked at the three small porcelain bottles in his hand. These were the finished products that Mengmeng had left for him in the secret chamber. The Epic-ranked Heaven Extinction Corpse Poison was one of his trump cards to deal with Long Yuan. He would bring all of them with him.

"Should I look for Greem to hand over the Class Advancement mission or go to the City Lord Residence?"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated as he stood at the entrance. “Let’s go to the City Lord’s Mansion first! It’s all thanks to Luo Li that we were able to turn the situation around this time. Her father, Luo Lin, must be involved as well. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be possible for Luo Li to be the Commander of the entire Rose Knight Legion!”

He arrived at the mayor's residence with ease. When the guard at the door saw that it was Qin Sheng, the two medals on his chest almost blinded his eyes. He skipped the interrogation process and hurriedly went in to report.

Soon.

Qin Luo entered and was brought to the main living room of the City Lord Residence.

After some small talk.

Luo Lin and Qin Sheng sat down.

“You’re too late. Luo Li has already been summoned to the capital by His Majesty!”

Luo Lin shook his head after learning the reason for Qin Sheng's visit. "You don't have to thank me on purpose. The dragon race dared to intrude without permission, and they even attacked the citizens of the empire. As the city lord, I naturally have no reason to sit idly by."

"In truth, His Majesty was also furious. He had already ordered the Dragon Emperor to personally make a trip to the capital and give an explanation. I don't know the exact situation, but the Dragon race should have paid quite a price to settle this matter."

"However, the battle between you and the Black Dragon King at the Terrifying Dragon Platform is imperative, and no one can stop it. If you are only a citizen of our empire, there is still something to say, but you are also the Dragon Lord of the dragon race. Then, the Terrifying Dragon Platform is a hurdle that cannot be avoided. Even the Dragon Monarch is not qualified to interfere in the decisive battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform."

"This battle is very important, not only is it related to your life, it is also related to many things. As for what it is, you don't need to know, knowing more will not benefit you. You only need to know one thing, win. As long as you win, all the problems will be solved."

"You might be able to change the relationship between the Human Race and the Dragon Race after the war between the races. From then on, the Human Race will be the leader, and the Dragon Race will be the vassal.

Qin Luo was stunned.

He had never thought that these big shots behind the scenes would have such deep plans.

What a f*cking scheme.

Treating the dragon race as an ally was already considered half a vassal. Otherwise, how could the Human Emperor's Edict summon the Dragon Emperor? One was the emperor of the human race and the other was the emperor of the dragon race. Their statuses were equal!

Besides.

A single imperial edict from the Human Emperor could suppress a true dragon.

This was absolutely impossible to be accomplished purely by the energy of the Emperor Dao, and there was definitely a reason behind it.

You have to know.

In the war between the human race and the dragon race, it was the dragon race that had lost. Since it was the losing side, it was absolutely impossible to let this matter go without paying any price.

Plus.

Using the dragon race as a totem and being conferred the title of guardian divine beast, sharing the destiny of humanity, this was a good thing. How could it be reduced to a loser enjoying it? The dragon race must have paid some price!

“That little girl from your family, as well as that half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon and half-dragon half-dragon half-dragon, was afraid that they would be plotted against when you weren’t around, so Luo Li brought them to the capital together. With Luo Li’s protection, you don’t need to worry. You just need to focus on the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena!”

‘ I see.’

No wonder Qin Luo had not found the two girls. So Luo Li had taken them away.

That was good too.

Qin Luo Sheng did not believe in Luo Lin and the Emperor. In the end, they were old foxes with deep foresight. The words of politicians could not be trusted. However, Qin Luo Sheng trusted Luo Lin completely.

Regardless of whether it was the Emperor’s will or Luo Lin’s orders, Mengmeng and the Damask King were brought along by Luo Li. Qin Sheng felt relieved.

Even if.

Mengmeng and the Damask King were used as hostages by some people with ulterior motives to keep him in check. They were afraid that he would not put in any effort in the Battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform or reach some agreement with the Dragon Emperor, which would make it difficult for them to execute their plan to trick the Dragon Clan. However, with Luo Li around, they could at least ensure that their lives were safe. At most, they would be under house arrest and would not suffer much.

He had no choice.

Now that no one was strong, no matter how unhappy he was, he had to endure it.

Hope.

This was just a guess!

"The dragon race will not help Long Yuan in this battle, and we can't help you either. You can only rely on yourself!"

Luo Lin continued. When he saw Qin Sheng's slightly disappointed expression, he smiled and said, "We can't help you, but you can help yourself!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

Help me?

"Previously, Ge Lin came to report to me that you accepted two missions from him. Later on, I also sent people to investigate the location of your mission. This time, it's not like before. The number of people who went in would be sacrificed. There's no information at all."

Luo Lin said, "You have done a great service. Not only have you eliminated the great threat of the Demon Palace, but you have also solved an old case. The ruler of the Paleolithic Empire is on his way here. His Majesty will not let him off easily this time. After creating such a huge mess, not only will the Paleolithic Empire be shamed, but the entire human race will also be shamed. As the ruler of the empire, Great Xia will also be shamed!"

"Your contribution has been recorded. Remember to get it from Gerin!"

Without a trace, Luo Lin gave Qin Luo a deep look. He immediately understood.

It was true that she could not help him. It was also true that she could help him.

If he couldn't do it on the surface, he could do it in secret.

Moreover, this was not given secretly. It had to be given openly.

Otherwise…

The dragon race would definitely have something to say.

It did not matter if there were comments. Once the Dragon Tribe interfered with the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and gave the Dragon Abyss their trump card, it would be over.

After all.

Qin Luo Sheng's only chance of victory was to rely on external forces. His true strength was absolutely unable to rival the Dragon Abyss.

Coincidentally, the Dragon race had a deep heritage. Even if humans could compare to them, it was impossible for them to give Qin Sheng for no reason. Those ministers would be the first to be unable to shut their mouths and would strongly object.

In that case…

What could help Qin Sheng was definitely his own creation.

Coincidentally.

Wouldn't it be a great merit if he solved the huge problem of the [Demon Palace]?

Reward.

He had to be rewarded.

Ordinary things were completely useless in this battle. If their ranks were not high enough, they were not even qualified to be cannon fodder.

Anything useful had a master. If it suddenly appeared in Qin Sheng's hands, even a fool would be able to tell.

Still.

That was Qin Sheng receiving the reward he deserved. Who else had anything to say?

There was a reason for that!

If he had reason, he could go all over the world. He could even shut his mouth!

——————

【删除】