Chapter 701: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (3)

Chong City!

Wu County!

After three hours of flight and two hours of driving, Qin Sheng finally returned to his hometown.

"The boss has already arranged everything. If you have any instructions, feel free to tell me. I will try my best to help you!"

The woman in a suit got out of the car and opened the door for Qin Luo. She handed him a phone and said, "Go home. I'll wait for you here. Call me if you need anything!"

"Thank you!"

Qin Qin Sheng took the phone and thanked him before heading in the direction of his memories.

His hometown was a small town in Wu County. His family used to cook and had a small restaurant. His life was pretty good. Even though he woke up early and worked late at night, he did not have to worry about food and clothing and lived quite well.

He was the eldest in the family. He had a younger sister and a younger brother. If he remembered correctly, his younger sister was in her second year of high school and was about to enter her third year of high school. His younger brother was in his third year of junior high school and was about to level up and enter high school.

Initially, Qin Qin had intended to head straight to the restaurant in town instead of returning to his hometown where the roads were blocked. However, news of Du Qiangwei had been stirred up by that b * tch Li Ru, and the restaurant had been destroyed.

"Smash it…"

As he was walking on the road, Qin Luo, who was thinking about how to face his parents, suddenly heard a commotion.

"Something has happened!"

In the direction of the sound source, as expected, Qin Sheng's heart skipped a beat and he immediately started running madly.

"What are you trying to do?"

Qin Luo Sheng's mother, Zhou Shu, looked at Li Ru, who was dressed fashionably and had thick makeup on. She was filled with a demonic aura. This woman, who had almost become her daughter-in-law in the past, had anger in her eyes.

“For what?”

Li Ru, who was dressed lightly, looked at Zhou Shu in disgust and coldly said, "Quickly hand over Qin Sheng's contact details or you can call him back. It's because of him that Brother Mingzhou ignored me. He ruined my dream of going to a big city and marrying into a rich family. I want him to pay the price."

"Cut the crap and settle the matter quickly. It's not good for anyone if it gets out of hand."

At the side, a punk with yellow hair licked his lips in disgust. He looked greedily at Li Ru, whose fair skin was exposed, and said, "Three thousand yuan. You promised. Also, after this matter is settled, you have to give me the remaining two thousand yuan immediately. Don't talk too much. Settle this matter quickly. I don't want to go in again after just leaving the police station."

"Alright! Alright! It's just 5,000 yuan. When Brother Mingzhou comes, 50,000 yuan will be nothing."

Li Ru was a little impatient, but she still listened to the blonde and said to Zhou Shu, "Hurry up, you heard it too. My brothers don't have much patience."

"I won't give it to you. Give up on that thought!" Zhou Shu said in a hoarse voice, "We were blind in the past, that's why we befriended your Li family and treated you like our daughter. Because of you, my son ruined his life, and you still won't let him off. Even if I die today, you can forget about hurting my son."

"What great motherly love!" Li Ru's face contorted as she shouted, "Since you don't know how to adapt to the circumstances, then don't blame me. Smash all of them. Also, teach her a lesson. Oh, right, there's an old man in the house. I heard that he broke his leg. Don't let him off."

"Hey, we're only responsible for smashing things. Beating people up is not part of our agreement." The blondie looked at the gangsters around him and said, "If you want us to beat people up, we have to pay more!"

"Jia, Jia, Jia!" Li Ru was a little irascible. "I'll give you another ten thousand yuan to settle this matter."

"Ten thousand?" The yellow hair and the others' eyes lit up. "Since you have money, that's fine."

"You bunch of animals, aren't you afraid of the law in broad daylight?" A low roar came from inside the house. Qin Sheng's father, Qin Fu, walked out with a walking stick and a leg that was still in a cast. Looking at the house that was filled with wolves, he, who had always been honest and dutiful, was furious.

"Law?" The blonde laughed. "Besides us, there was no one else. Who knows that we did it? Old thing, I advise you to be sensible and avoid suffering. Hmph, I'll give you ten seconds to consider. Otherwise…"

“What else would have happened?”

A sudden voice interrupted the blonde's arrogant words.

“Who?”

As a professional hooligan, he had been in the police station countless times for fights. Naturally, he had his own set of survival principles. The blondie looked towards the voice and saw a gloomy face with eyes full of ruthlessness. He exuded a cold and domineering aura that he had never felt from his gangster brother and instantly withered.

She had confirmed with her eyes that he was someone she could not afford to offend!

When they saw him, Qin Fu and Zhou Shu couldn't help but call out, "Son!"

"Qin Sheng, you finally dared to appear." Li Ru was stunned for a moment before her face was filled with joy.

Qin Qin Sheng had appeared. In that case, she was not far from completing the task assigned to her by Lin Mingzhou. She could also return to that man's side as soon as possible and enter the big city to marry into a wealthy family.

"Li Ru, it doesn't matter how you treat me. It doesn't matter if you don't choose me. You can't force matters of the heart, but what are you doing now? You're from a single-parent family, and your whole family relies on your mother to survive. Your family is in a difficult situation, and since you were young, you practically grew up eating at my family's restaurant. I don't ask for you to remember me, but how did you treat my parents? You grew up eating the food they gave you!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not even look at the gangsters who were stiff all over. Under the influence of his previous life's memories, he was extremely furious as he looked at this woman with heavy makeup in front of him. His former lover roared angrily, "You're greedy and vain. You don't want to stay in this small county. In this small town, you want to go to a big city, you want to marry into a rich family. You're willing to degrade yourself and become Lin Mingzhou's plaything. It doesn't matter."

"But you really shouldn't have colluded with Lin Mingzhou to frame me and slander me for your phoenix dream. Not only was my hand broken on the eve of the college entrance examination, I couldn't take the college entrance examination. I was even detained at the police station. Not only did my reputation go down the drain, but my family went through so much trouble to bail me out."

"You ruined my life. I haven't looked for you for such a huge grudge. Now, you dare to come and find trouble with me. Furthermore, you are so heartless as to harm your benefactor who raised you because of a scumbag."

Qin Luo Sheng spoke word by word, following his heart and the obsession of his previous self. He was filled with hatred, and every word he spoke was like weeping blood. He could not suppress the violence in his heart.

"Come, give me a sentence. How do you want to die?"

————

Author’s Note: Alright, I’m done. I’ll try my best to compress it, but I’ve still exceeded the limit. Don’t panic, I’ll inform them as soon as possible. This storyline is to eliminate the obsession of my previous self and also to lure out the supporting character Lin Mingzhou. Although it’s a transition, I can’t miss it. I’ll immediately return to the main storyline of the game.