Chapter 703: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (5)

"What do you plan to do?"

In the car.

The woman in the suit drove the car from the county road into the provincial highway and headed towards the expressway. She was prepared to go to the airport and fly back to Shanghai.

"What should we do? Since it's a death grudge, of course we'll settle it one by one. No one can escape."

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with hostility.

The woman in the suit watched as he crippled all the hooligans. Not only would he be crippled for the rest of his life, but his organs would also fail and he would not be able to live for long. He even used the Du family's power to throw them all into prison. It would take at least ten years for them to come out.

Except.

Whether or not they would be able to get out of prison alive would depend on their luck.

As for Li Ru, who was one of the main culprits, she was beaten to death by Qin Sheng in front of his parents, in front of a few hooligans, and in front of the woman in a suit. First, he broke her limbs, then crushed her bones and crushed her inch by inch. After torturing her for an hour, he smashed her head like a watermelon.

It was extremely cruel.

"Lin Mingzhou is a descendant of the Lin family. Even if he is just a side branch, dealing with him is much harder than dealing with a country bumpkin and a few hooligans!"

The woman in the suit said.

"It's the same in my eyes!"

Qin Luo Sheng said domineeringly, "Even if he's the son of the emperor's father, I'll tear him into pieces. Li Ru's death is his way of death. Only heavier, not lighter."

Hearing that.

The woman in the suit couldn't help but shiver.

The scene from not too long ago was still fresh in her memory.

Even when she was by Du Qiangwei's side, there would always be a lot of darkness in the aristocratic families. She was also used to seeing such darkness. However, Qin Luo Sheng was like a barbarian earlier, beating a person into minced meat with a punch. That kind of visual impact was filled with ruthlessness and cruelty, making her, who specialized in dealing with shady matters, tremble uncontrollably.

‘ Of course.’

She was not afraid of that terrifying scene, but the man sitting behind her.

The famous Weeping Soul Beast!

A nameless loser in the real world!

“Miss, perhaps you’ve misjudged him this time. This man isn’t some kind-hearted person, nor is he some simple-minded and shrewd young man. He’s a devil, a true devil!”

Thinking of the collaboration between Miss and the man behind her, the woman in a suit felt bitter.

Powerful, ambitious, and ruthless…

Plus.

Previously, he had made her lose control. It was as if a demon had descended. With just one look, he had intimidated her, and his entire body was shrouded in black aura. It was a treacherous state that only existed in his imagination!

Who knew what secrets this guy was hiding?

Working with him was no different from asking a tiger for its skin.

When the time came.

After all the scheming, in the end, it was still uncertain who was the one taking advantage!

Except.

What could she do?

It was just a bodyguard. She could only obey Miss's decision and could not interfere.

"Someone has already settled the follow-up matters!"

The woman in the suit said, "Your family will be sent to Shanghai as soon as possible. The officials will also appear and publicize the previous incident to restore your reputation. At the same time, they will investigate Lin Mingzhou and Li Ru's charges!"

"There's no need for that."

Qin Luo Sheng leaned against the comfortable leather chair and squinted his eyes. "Let me take revenge on my own! The higher-ups have agreed that you guys will help me settle some trivial matters. Lin Mingzhou, can you arrest me?"

"This… is a little difficult!" Staring at Qin Luo Sheng's gaze, although the woman in the suit did not meet his eyes, she could not help but feel her scalp tingle. "Lin Mingzhou is a member of the Lin Group after all. Even if he is from a side branch and is not well-liked, his father has some ability. Otherwise, he would not have been sent back to the headquarters of the Lin Group in Shanghai to take up an important position."

"Tsk, how disappointing. Is this all my partner is capable of?" Qin Sheng said unhappily. "If that's the case, then give me his whereabouts and address. If you can't do it, then let me handle it myself!"

The suited woman:…

"Wait a moment, I'll report this to Miss!"

A minute later.

"Miss said that when you reach Shanghai, Lin Mingzhou will appear in front of you!"

The woman in the suit hung up the phone and then carefully told Qin Sheng.

"Very good!"

Qin Luo smiled evilly. The fervor of being able to take revenge in a few hours made his heart burn. "Looks like your young miss has quite a bit of power in her hands! Since she has fulfilled her promise to me, I will definitely not let her down. I am a person who values integrity the most."

The suited woman:…

——————

Five hours later.

Qin Luo left Shanghai's airport and boarded a Bentley with the woman in a suit.

Another hour passed.

The car drove to an abandoned factory in the suburbs of Shanghai.

Qin Luo followed the driver out of the car and walked in.

"Who are you? How dare you kidnap me? Don't you know that I'm from the Lin family? My dad is Lin Tianfeng! If you know what's good for you, let me go immediately. Otherwise, when the Lin family comes, none of you will be able to escape."

Before he even entered the door, Qin Sheng heard a familiar yet unfamiliar voice. It was exactly the same as his previous self's memory. He could recognize it even if it turned to ashes. It was still that extremely arrogant voice.

"Long time no see, old classmate!"

Qin Luo Sheng pushed open the door and stepped in. What he saw was Lin Mingzhou with his hands tied behind his back. There were also a few men in black who were standing apart like dead people on high alert.

"You are…"

In the dim light, Lin Mingzhou could not see Qin Sheng clearly for a moment. It was only when he got closer that he recognized him. If it were anyone else, Lin Mingzhou would not have remembered. However, he had a deep memory of the only person in the world who had ever hit him. Otherwise, it would not have happened so long ago, causing the entire family to be destroyed and refused to let go.

"Qin Luo, it's actually you?"

Lin Mingzhou was shocked. "Impossible, how could it be you?"

"Old classmate, why are you so surprised? Who else could it be other than me? Could it be that you've done something immoral recently? Tsk tsk, you're really evil! Not only did you want to find me by remote control, but you even double-crossed me and caused trouble in other areas?"

Qin Luo squatted down and looked at the great demon king in the memories of his previous self. He was a tall mountain that could never be surpassed. He could not help but feel an indescribable sense of joy when he was affected.

"Qin Luo, how dare you! Do you know what you're doing right now? This is a kidnapping. Once JC finds you, it'll take at least ten years! If you're smart, let me go quickly. Who knows, I might be in a good mood and let bygones be bygones."

Lin Mingzhou sneered.

"Really? How generous! Should I thank you?"

Qin Qin Sheng mocked, "Looks like you're not as dumb as Li Ru, knowing how to judge the situation. Tsk, I thought you'd be as arrogant and threatening as before!"

Lin Mingzhou:…