Chapter 705: Reorganizing

World of Destiny.

Star Glory City.

After several days, Qin Luo returned to this familiar place.

"Tomorrow is the date of the final battle. The time is less than eight hours."

Qin Sheng took a deep breath as he looked at the time of the mission. Then, he examined himself. Apart from the beginner's cloth clothing, there was nothing else on his body.

‘ No.’

It couldn't be said that there was nothing. At least, there were two shiny medals on the beginner's clothing.

"I feel light all over!"

Stretching lazily, he felt more relaxed than ever. Qin Sheng was very comfortable.

Even though the game world had been plotted against and had been tricked into such a state, it was very frustrating. However, in the real world, he had reaped huge rewards and avenged his predecessor, eliminating his obsession. Now, there was only one Qin Sheng left in this world. Even his body had completely fused with his soul and was under his control.

Even though he had sacrificed a certain amount of freedom and given away a lot of benefits, and even gained a "partner" in exchange, Qin Sheng felt that it was worth it.

At least.

With the help of the Rose Society and Du Qiangwei as his business partner, he could be considered to have a strong backing.

Who was he?

With this trump card of his, wouldn't Rose desperately help him hide his identity and keep the trump card for herself?

The operation of such a large force was much better than him alone.

There was also Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortals. With the help of professionals, even if they had to give up thirty percent of their profits, they would definitely earn more than him!

"Dad, Mom, Little Brother, and Little Sister should be arriving in Shanghai tomorrow. With the Du family's influence, it's impossible for ordinary people to do anything. It's just a simple sentence! This is the benefit of power and money."

As Qin Luo Sheng walked towards the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, he narrowed his eyes and pondered over the matter. "Dad and Mom's residence has been arranged to be located in a wealthy neighborhood with strong security. My younger sister's school records have also been transferred over and she has been transferred to one of the top private schools. Basically, as long as I'm here and as long as I don't fall out with Du Qiangwei, they will definitely not have any problems. They will live well and will be well protected."

"As for other aspects, buying a house and whatnot, the dowry for my younger sister when she gets married in the future, and the betrothal gifts for my younger brother when he marries her, they are all nothing. After all, I am a billionaire now. Letting them live a luxurious life is simply a piece of cake. Furthermore, I have a mountain of gold, so I will definitely earn more money in the future. At the very least, raising them is very simple. This can also be considered as giving my former self an explanation."

Forget it.

Why are you thinking about this?

How could something that could be solved with money be called a problem?

‘ I’m here.’

Who dared to touch them?

It was imperative.

I should think about what I should do first!

If he lost the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, he might be forced to delete his account. If that happened, he would be useless.

The current me wasn’t suitable to fall out with Du Qiangwei, and I still had to rely on her power to survive for a while. Only when my wings were fully grown would I be able to roam freely.

Steady!

Growth!

I can't be reckless!

After giving himself several stern warnings in his heart, Qin Sheng went to the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion and ignored the equipment and potions piled up in the warehouse.

He was not in the mood to use Starlight Miracle Transcendence to sell these things!

After a few hours, it would be a battle that would decide his fate. Was he tired of wasting his energy on these things at such a crucial time?

"Eh, is the Damask King not here?"

He did not see the Damask Qin Luo, but he did not mind. Besides being in charge of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, this girl was also in charge of eating as an immortal. She was very busy. In addition, she had given him the last drop of the Dragon God's blood the last time. Perhaps she was in seclusion somewhere now.

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng opened his personal storage and took out the equipment he had hidden previously. It was an Epic item, Blood Demon Gauntlet and Blood Demon Crown. It had not been appraised yet.

"It's a pity that we don't need it anymore!"

He had originally planned to use it to deal with the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, but unfortunately, he didn't need to use it like the Duality Dao Sword and Glass Daoist Robe that he had prepared earlier.

The threshold of level 40 limited him!

The encirclement of the Furious Bears Ridge was simply too ruthless.

Even at the last moment, by relying on the gift of the Ultimate Naga God and using the BUG skill of the Lord of the Stars, he "gifted" the ultimate move of the evolving Water Vein Spirit Pearl to Long Yan and completed the final attack. This guy did not let him down and saved him, bringing him back from Level 0 to Level 34. However, this was far from enough.

"Hai, there's only so much time left. We can only pick the taller one out of the shorter ones!"

Without equipment, it was equivalent to a toothless tiger. This was something that could not be done.

Except.

Where could he find equipment in such a short time?

"Beep beep ~"

Just as Qin Luo was preparing to randomly select a few suitable items from the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, he decided to first perform a miraculous sublimation of Starlight, then seize the opportunity to strengthen it. Even if he did not seek to strengthen it by + 10, he would at least get a + 7, + 8, and use it first.

This was…

The communicator suddenly rang.

He opened it.

He realized that he didn't have many good friends to begin with, and each of them had sent him a message. Judging from the time, it was from a very long time ago. It was just that the sealing formation of the Furious Bears Ridge had blocked all of his messages, so he didn't receive them.

Ignoring the message from before, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the person who had made the call. Yatu narrowed his eyes with a playful expression.

If this guy knew that he had just gotten rid of his collateral younger brother, Lin Mingzhou, who knew what expression he would have!

"Brother Weihun, I'm sorry!"

The call connected.

Yatu’s first words were an apology.

“It’s my fault for not disciplining him properly. A scum like Li Xiong has appeared.”

Yatu said guiltily, "This guy was bribed by Lei Hao because of his daughter's illness. That's why he secretly brought you into the trap when Qing Si and I entered the hidden map to do missions. This is my fault. I've already executed that guy. I won't be able to see the sun for the rest of my life. I…"

“Well, that’s the end of it. I’m the one who’s stupid, and I’m the one who’s arrogant enough to step into a trap without being prepared. You can’t blame anyone else. You’re you, and he’s him, and I’ve made a clear distinction.”

Qin Luo Sheng interrupted Lin Ya Tu and said, "Let's leave it at that. I still have a tough battle to fight and time is limited. I'll have to go and prepare first. We'll talk about it in the future."

With that,

Qin Luo Sheng immediately ended the call and sealed the communicator, setting it to 'do not disturb' mode and not accepting any more messages!

"You can choose your equipment later. After all, there are only so many items that can meet the requirements. At the very least, it's Gold, and it's a high-level Gold. There aren't many of them."

Qin Luo stuffed the Blood Demon Gauntlets and other equipment he had specially kept into his backpack and headed towards the Luo Shen Residence. "Put these things away first, then go back to the mission. The trip to the Demon Palace took several days of hard work to complete, but the reward has yet to be collected. Most importantly, if you don't go back to the mission, you won't be a Second Stage Professional. You haven't even reached the minimum requirement for the Battle of the Shocking Dragon Platform, let alone the final battle."

————

< EMPTY >