Chapter 711: Spellblade! Spellblade! Spellblade! Magic Energy Conversion!

"Hai, what a pity, we came too late!"

Qin Qin Sheng felt very uncomfortable.

If he was given another day to prepare, he would definitely be able to prepare a set of equipment and then change to a second profession.

In this way, the dual occupations could be used. Whether it was by choosing a mage to work together with the current Shadow Warrior, fighting one demon in a battle, and combining damage to explode, or by choosing an archer, one close and one far, who could be attacked or received, or by choosing a priest, the Dark Priest would curse and weaken the Shadow Warrior so that the Shadow Warrior could better unleash his abilities. The Light Priest would heal himself, heal himself for a long time, and consume limitless energy…

It was totally feasible!

But now…

No tricks!

There was no equipment that matched the characteristics of the job. Just based on the set that he had just chosen that suited the Shadow Warrior, even if he changed his job to the second job, it would be useless unless he chose the Thief. However, the Shadow Warrior was already half a Thief, so wouldn't it be useless if he chose this second job?

"I'll give up on this for the time being. If I had known earlier, I wouldn't have used it on impulse. If I lose the battle with Long Yuan, with the [Barrier Breaking Scroll], even if I lose Weeping Soul, I'll be reborn again. I'll have two professions at the start. I might even be more awesome than Weeping Soul!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very regretful.

But now that things had come to this, there was no point in saying anything more.

[Inheritance Scroll]: A hidden Spellblade's Inheritance Scroll. After using it, one can inherit the abilities of a Spellblade and become the successor of a new generation of Spellblades!

I… F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng's mouth was agape. He stood rooted to the spot for a long time before slowly spitting out a curse.

What was this?

Combination reward?

He had just obtained a second job scroll, and now he was given a hidden job.

Even a ghost wouldn't believe that this wasn't intentional!

"The original reward would definitely not be so heaven-defying!"

Qin Luo Sheng had no doubt at all. "No wonder City Lord Luo Lin has such a mysterious look on his face. Ge Lin said that he changed the reward again! It's fine if Ge Lin just appreciates it and owes him a favor. But can the emperor's item be so easy to take? It's f*cking impossible not to be his pawn!"

"Fortunately, this chess piece of mine is considered a high-level one. Because the Dragon Lord's identity is extremely special, he can even jump out of the chessboard and negotiate in a cooperative manner. He won't be completely controlled."

“It’s just that you’re too soft-spoken when it comes to taking advantage of others. Regardless of whether it’s the Barrier Breaking Scroll or the Inheritance Scroll, neither one of them can be given up! I reckon that the Emperor has already decided on this, so he gave me something that I can’t refuse at all. As expected of the Emperor who commands such a large empire, the current Human Emperor of the human race. This scheme, this open scheme, I’m convinced!”

There was nothing to say.

It was torn apart.

The word "temporarily absent" written on the second class was also instantly replaced by "Spellblade"!

Ding… congratulations on successfully changing class to Spellblade. Strength + 50, Constitution + 30, Agility + 30, Spirit + 100, Physical Attack Permanent + 10%, Magic Attack Permanent + 20%, Casting Speed + 50%, Magic Recovery Speed + 3%. Obtained Exclusive Skill: Spellblade Tactics, Magic Energy Conversion, Seven Element Basic Magic Enhancement x1, Magic Flash, Sword Slash, Sword Storm, Elemental Turbulence, Annihilation! (You are currently in the second stage, can choose Elemental Enhancement!)

Strong!

It was not much different from the shadow warriors.

In terms of skills, he had more skills than the shadow warriors and was more agile.

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly opened his skill column.

[Demon Sword Tactic] consumed 1000 mana points. After activating it, it would activate melee mode. Each attack would deal double physical and magical damage. The damage would be 120%. It would also trigger any one of the seven effects of Physical Bleeding, Tearing, Penetration, Cripple, Tendons Break. It would trigger the blindness of the magical sun, weakness of the yin, weakening of the wind, paralysis of lightning, deceleration of water, burning of fire, and gravity of earth! (Only one can be triggered for the same target). It would consume 100 mana per second. Duration: Infinite!

Damn!

This skill was f*cking awesome!

Spellblades were dual-cultivators, but in comparison, they had an advantage in magic. This could be seen from the attributes given after the class change.

Damage Amplification was more magic damage!

The recovery ability was the recovery ability of magic!

The additional attribute also broke the three-digit spiritual attribute!

There was also an increase in casting speed, which was an exclusive ability of mages!

Qin Luo's sword fighting style was similar to Qin Sheng's [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] 's [Backwater Battle] skill. He was unable to use any skills and could only slash horizontally. However, the difference was that the sword fighting style carried magic damage while the Backwater Battle Skill had the Blood Fiend's buff. Its blood-sucking ability was extremely strong!

"This is a trump card!"

Qin Sheng's heart trembled when he saw the effects of the "Unlimited" and "Unlimited".

Needless to say.

This skill was definitely a Spellblade's core skill.

Dealing with the Boss might not be satisfactory. After all, those effects could only be triggered once on the target, and only one of them could be triggered. However, against the mixed troops, it was simply a godly skill!

[Mana Conversion] has no consumption. Effect 1: It can exchange Mana points with Health Points and exchange Mana Attacks with Physical Attacks. Duration: 1 minute! Cooldown: 10 minutes! Effect 2: It can overlap Health Points or Mana Attacks together. Cooldown: 1 hour!

"F*ck, another godly skill!"

Qin Qin was astonished.

To put it simply, the Mana conversion was to convert Health Points and Mana Points into each other. It seemed like there was no difference between Mana attacks and physical attacks, but the difference was too big.

For example, the current him.

Since he had been adding points at full strength, he would occasionally add some points to agility to increase his speed.

Hence.

As a result, his constitution and spirit were extremely uneven.

His physique was still alright. After all, he was a Shadow Warrior. He was more like a Warrior. He also had a lot of additional equipment.

But the spirit was different.

What spirit did a warrior need?

So.

His spirit was the lowest!

However, Spellblades were more inclined towards magic, and spirit was the attribute that affected magic.

With a weaker spirit attribute, Spellblades could only unleash limited power.

However, Qin Sheng could not shift his attribute points towards the spirit. If that was the case, the balance would be balanced, but it would also make him mediocre. He knew everything, but he was not proficient in anything. He was not strong in any aspect and would fade into the masses.

The Mana Conversion was activated.

Problem solved.

Once he had to use magic attacks, he could directly use this skill to turn physical attacks into magic attacks. It was simply amazing.

This way…

Qin Luo Sheng only needed to add points with all his might like he did in the past to support one attribute.

As for the effect, it was a little overbearing!

It was not conversion, but superposition.

‘ What do you mean?’

It was very simple.

It meant adding both.

When he needed Health Points, he would add Mana to his Health Points!

When magic attacks were needed, physical attacks would be added to magic attacks!

Such overlapping abilities.

It was simply terrifying!

————

* Sigh *