Chapter 716: Dao Inheritance: Nine Secrets (3)

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

When I typed out the question mark, it wasn’t that I had a problem. It was that you had a problem.

Damn you!

I'm about to enter the battlefield. Perhaps I'll never return. You've already invested in three precious talismans. Why didn't you say anything about the Dharma treasure you gave me? How am I supposed to use it?

"Forget it, keep it well, keep it well!"

Speechless, Zhang Daoming stored the talisman and the Dragon-Piercing Pillar into his backpack. "It's impossible for Zhang Daoming to have fun with me. Furthermore, according to past experience, the more question marks there are, the more effective it will be. Besides, this is a Dharma treasure, a legendary existence. Furthermore, the name Dragon-Piercing Pillar is clearly something targeted at dragons. It should be perfect for dealing with Long Yuan that fellow."

She carefully cleaned her hands in the sink beside her.

Qin Qin Sheng used his pilgrimage heart to carefully pick up the legendary Daoist scripture, Nine Secrets, that Zhang Daoming had bragged about!

In ancient times, the Dao Ancestor left behind the most orthodox and supreme sutra. Even Zhang Daoming, who was the direct descendant of Mount Longhu, wasn't qualified to cultivate it.

All sorts of colors dyed it with an indescribable mystery!

Ding… discovered special book. Recorded?

"Special manuals? Recorded?"

Qin Luo's mind was filled with question marks.

Still.

Just because he didn't understand didn't mean he wouldn't.

"Yes!"

Direct confirmation.

"You have recorded the 'Nine Secrets' of the Daoist Canon. Do you want to study it?"

"Yes!"

As Qin Luo's mind turned silent, his soul seemed to be pulled away by something, leaving his body and floating to a special place.

A profound understanding of heaven and earth floated into his ears and imprinted itself into his sea of consciousness.

After some time.

Qin Luo woke up.

Opening his eyes.

He was still in the smelting room of his Luoshen Residence. His body was still the same as before, motionless.

Yet.

There was something else in his memory.

I tried to remember, but I couldn’t.

But it did exist.

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly flipped open the system journal.

Ding… You are currently comprehending Daoist scripture 'Nine Secrets'! '

Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, progress of comprehending 'Nine Secrets' + 1, + 1, + 1, + 1, + 1, + 1… '

Ding… congratulations on comprehending the Nine Secrets Step Word Formula! '

Ding… congratulations on comprehending the Nine Secrets Battle Word Formula! '

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Wow!

No way!

What was with this strong sense of déjà vu?

Even though he was Chinese and was born and raised in a religion called Taoism, even though he had never studied it, he had naturally heard of certain things.

Regardless of whether it was the Nine Symbolic Words or something else, at least they were not unfamiliar.

And these nine words were born from the Nine Symbolic Words.

Nine Secrets.

Words.

This was similar to the setting in a novel on Earth!

You have to know.

At that time, he was a hardcore fan of this novel.

It was no wonder he had found it so bizarre earlier. Now that he saw the hypocritical running of words, he immediately understood it.

"F*ck, is this for real?"

Qin Sheng could not help but gulp when he thought of the setting in the novel.

She closed her eyes again.

Concentrate, connect your consciousness.

Even though the Daoist Canon and the magical powers gained from it would not appear in the skill column, nor would there be any form, it was as if one was born with the ability to enter one's mind, mind, bloodline, and soul!

Still.

Through the connection of his consciousness, Qin Sheng knew its use.

Indeed.

Just like those in his consciousness.

Or rather…

The nine secrets have always been the same.

As for what he comprehended from it, that was a personal matter.

In other words.

Qin Luo Sheng read the nine secrets and comprehended from them. Because he had once read the set-up of a certain novel's calligraphy technique, he subconsciously had the existence of 'it' and was subconsciously guided. Now that he had comprehended the Daoist Canon, he had truly transformed the divine power in the novel into the divine power he truly possessed today.

In short,

It was to turn the illusory setting into reality and transform it into his own ability!

"It's a pity that I only managed to comprehend the Formula and the Battle Technique!"

Qin Luo was filled with regret. "If he comprehended nine types of incantations, wouldn't he be able to do whatever he wants? With this Nine Symbolic Words Technique that can sweep through everything, how can a mere Dragon Abyss be considered a ball?"

Sigh!

"The Daoist Canon is formless and can be read through. Everyone has different comprehensions. I subconsciously guided and comprehended the divine art of word incantations, and because of the upcoming battle, I comprehended the word incantation and the word battle incantation that are most suitable for battle. Everything is because my will is the leader, and it moves according to my will!"

Qin Qin Sheng was no fool. He instantly understood what was going on.

said.

It explained the truths of the world.

It was extremely profound.

The Daoist Canon was a combination of the Dao, not a summary.

That was a person's will.

Like words.

Every character was a Dao, a truth.

As for how to obtain something that was suitable for you from the numerous Dao and reasonings, that would depend on yourself.

The words were the same, but the people were different.

Hence.

The content of the book was different.

Books.

It was everyone's Dao!

"By studying the Daoist Canon's' three thousand words' and differentiating them from others, you can conclude that they are different and belong to your own Dao.

"No wonder Zhang Daoming's Daoist Canon is the Dao of Dao Ancestors, the general outline of Daoism, the paramount mental cultivation method! I see."

Qin Luo understood.

The Daoist Canon taught you how to read!

And you are the main character of the article!

Qin Luo had studied the 'essays' written in the Daoist Canon!

The Fast Technique could also be known as the Fast Technique. When one's cultivation base reached an extremely high level, they could even pause time and cross the river of time!

The word battle technique could also be called the word battle secret technique. It could fight against the heavens and the earth, and it was invincible in battle. When one’s cultivation realm was profound to the extreme, it could simulate any attack, and one’s eyes would be dazzled by all sorts of slaughter divine techniques!

"As expected, it's the Nine Secrets that Celestial Emperor Ye learned!"

Qin Luo knew of the mystique he had comprehended and could not help but take a deep breath.

Even though the world of destiny was an indescribable fantasy world, with gods, devils, demons, ghosts, dragons… in general, it was still within the scope of understanding.

Even gods were limited to a continent or a planet.

God.

They were just living beings with powerful existences.

Although the power of law was terrifying, it was not too out of line.

‘ Of course.’

This was only referring to the ice goddesses, the Naga Gods, the mysterious and unfathomable Dragon God, and the existence like Da Yi who appeared in the murals in the burial ground. They weren’t included.

"The water is very deep!"

Qin Luo sighed.

The current world of destiny was just the tip of the iceberg.

That made sense.

Currently, the players were only around level thirty or two, not even reaching level 100, so how could they explore the secrets of this world?

Still.

There was no hurry.

Right now, he had already come into contact with so many gods and learned so many secrets. He even recorded the Daoist Canon, which was an extremely mysterious thing. In the future, he could slowly study it and comprehend divine arts.

Take it slow!

"Ready!"

After resting silently for a while, he looked at the time and got up to eat quickly. He cleared his hunger level to zero, then took out a scroll and tore it.

"One month has passed!"

"Dragon Abyss!”

"I'm here!"

————

< EMPTY >