Chapter 712: Legendary Wings: Wings Of The Flying Rain-Dragon

[Ultimate Healing] Yang Elemental Magic of the seven elements. Costs 500 Mana. Effects: Releases x Health Points (X is the current number of Mental * Class Advancement). Cooldown: 10 seconds. Effect: 2. Recover 100% of the target's Health Points and remove all current DEBUFFs! Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Extreme Curse] - Seven Elemental Elemental Yin Elemental Magic. Costs 800 Mana. Effect: 1. Releases on a single target, reduces its resistance to all elements by 10%. Cooldown: 30 seconds. Effect: 2. Reduces the resistance of all elements by 20%. Also, erases all current buffs of the target! Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Yin-Yang magic.

They were similar to Priests. However, one was a Light Priest who focused on healing, while the other was a Dark Priest who focused on curses.

[Extreme Wind Blade], Elemental Wind Elemental Magic of the seven elements. Costs 300 mana. Releases on a single target, deals 200% strength damage and has a chance of paralyzing effect. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

[Extreme Lightning Strike], the Lightning Elemental Magic of the seven elements, consumes 300 mana. Releases on a single target, deducts 5% of your current HP and deals 300% damage. Additionally, there is a chance of paralysis. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

[Arctic Icicle] Elemental Magic of the seven elements, Water Element. Costs 300 mana. Releases on a single target, dealing 150% strength damage and adding a certain chance of freezing. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

[Extreme Fireball] Elemental Magic of the seven elements, Fire Elemental Magic. Costs 300 mana. Releases on a single target, deals 250% strength damage and has a certain chance of burning. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

[Ultimate Gravity Spell]—Earth Elemental Magic of the seven elements. Costs 300 mana. Releases on a single target, doubles its gravity. Duration: 3 seconds. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

Wind, lightning, water, fire, and earth elemental magic were all unique.

The wind was extremely sharp.

Thunder. Endless Yang.

Water was unpredictable.

Fire was incomparably violent.

Earth, thick and boundless.

The five spells were originally basic spells, but they had been strengthened to the extreme by the Spellblade profession. Even their names carried the word "extreme". Furthermore, they followed the characteristics of the five elements and gave them special abilities.

[Magical Flash] consumes 1000 mana. Teleport within 30 meters. Cooldown: 1 minute!

[Sword Slash] consumes 1,000 mana points. Lock on the target. Sword Slash surprise attack. It can be instantly slashed within a 20-meter radius, dealing 150% physical damage. Additional penetration effect, ignore defense! Cooldown: 3 minutes!

[Blade Storm] consumes 5000 mana. Rotates the body and forms a terrifying sword aura that attacks all targets within a 10x10 radius indiscriminately. Damage is fixed at 120%, with a tearing and bleeding effect. Duration: 10 seconds. Cooldown: 1 hour!

[Elemental Storm] consumes 10,000 mana and unleashes seven elemental abilities. Within a range of 30x30, the seven elements of Yin, Yang, Wind, Thunder, Water, Fire, and Earth are activated. Every second, 200% of the magic damage will be dealt. Additional Blindness, Chaos, Break, Paralysis, Freeze, Burning, and Gravity will be inflicted on any two of the seven negative effects. Duration: 15 seconds. Cooldown: One day!

So powerful!

Qin Luo Sheng read through the remaining four skills of the Spellblade in one breath, his heart filled with amazement.

Teleportation!

Charge!

Physics group AOE!

AOE!

As expected of a Spellblade, dual-cultivation of magic and martial arts was simply a BUG!

Other than that.

Qin Luo Sheng could still choose a certain element for deep training.

What should he choose?

Qin Luo was completely unsure.

Each of the seven elements had their own unique characteristics. Except for the milk of the Yang element, which was not very needed, the rest were pretty good.

"Then choose the water element!"

Unable to make a decision, Qin Sheng decisively chose the water element.

He had the Water Vein Spiritual Pearl and the Ice Spirit Ring. If he could only choose one element, then the water element was undoubtedly the best choice.

Ding… you have chosen the water element for further training. You have received: Water attribute ability + 10%, all skills of the water attribute Magus Second Stage Profession! '

Awesome!

Not only did he have a set of Spellblade abilities, but he also had all the skills of a normal water mage.

As expected of a hidden occupation.

It was amazing.

Besides.

This was just the beginning. As the number of Class Advancements increased, for example, when he was at level 50 and had his third Class Advancement, he would have another Elemental Ability and awaken his second Elemental Power…

The further they progressed, the stronger they would become, and the gap between them and ordinary jobs would widen.

This Spellblade was indeed given to him by the Emperor. Even in the Hidden Class, he was definitely one of the high-end ones. He was even stronger than his Shadow Warrior and had a higher growth rate.

[Exemption (Special Skill)] No requirements!

Then…

Qin Luo looked at the other two rewards.

"Exemption?"

Although he did not know the effects of the skill scroll, Qin Sheng felt that he had made a killing just by looking at the words "Special Skill".

"No matter what, the reward for this mission was specially selected by the emperor to protect me in the battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform. He wanted me to be a nail in the dragon race. I'm sure it will be of great use!"

Since there were no requirements for Qin Luo's skills, he naturally learned them without hesitation.

[Exemption (Special)] is depleted. After activating it for five seconds, it will form a special energy field that will nullify any skills (including damage and control skills) that target you. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

What the heck?

Qin Luo's scalp tingled.

Wasn't this the ability from League of Legends called "Banshee's Veil"?

However…

The difference was that the Banshee's Veil's anti-distraction shield had always been there, but this exemption required five seconds of accumulation before it could take effect.

This was a divine skill!

The lower limit was very low, but the upper limit was also very high.

The key is how you use it and where you use it.

If one were to use it to resist an extremely ordinary attack, then it would be a waste of natural resources.

However, if you could use it on the blade and block the Boss' ultimate skill, you were definitely an expert!

If he could activate it at any moment, he would be able to use it at any moment.

It was just that in terms of accumulating power, it was limited to only experts who could play it well. Only then would they be able to unleash its greatest effect, its strongest advantage.

"A skill with two extreme reversals can either become a joke or make a comeback!"

Qin Luo Sheng commented, "As expected of someone specially tailored for me for the upcoming battle. This technique can indeed cause a lot of trouble for the Dragon Abyss if used properly. Basically, it can even save a life!"

He closed the skill column.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the last reward—Special equipment!

"This, this, it's this!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the small thing that looked like a bat-shaped dart. He looked at the introduction text on it and was dumbfounded. His mouth could not close for a long time. "No wonder it's a special equipment. This is really special!"

Still.

This grade wasn't too impressive.

Epic?

How can an epic match my status?

"Miracle Starlight!"

With a light wave of his hand, an Epic instantly became a Legend.

Unfortunately.

The upper limit of the current Lords of the Stars was only a legend.

If he obtained the [Mythical Mark] and sublimated it once again, the Epic stage could also become a Mythical equipment!

Still.

Qin Sheng was very satisfied with the legend.

It was just a small move.

Was it not enough to increase one grade?

This was at least ten times the price!

[Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon]

Type: Wings

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 500, Luck + 2, Charm + 5

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Flight] can fly. Flight altitude is X (Current level * Class Advancement number) meters!

Special Effect: [Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon], unaffected by air resistance!

Special Effect: Fighting in the air with [Airborne], + 20% flexibility, + 50% adaptability!

Additional Skill: [Flying Rain-Dragon Shadow Wing Slash] consumes 5,000 Mana. Activates the Flying Rain-Dragon's power in the Wings of the Rain-Dragon and transform it into the energy form of the Flying Rain-Dragon. It will create a sharp attack shockwave in a straight line of 30 meters. It will cause 500% damage and has an additional breaking effect (This effect is ineffective against the Boss)! Cooldown: 5 hours!

Additional Skill: [Soul of the Winged Dragon] consumes 30,000 Mana. Summons the remnant soul of the Wings of the Winged Dragon to fight for you. Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 7 days! (Note: This skill is extremely dangerous and requires the sacrifice of the corresponding Soul Force to maintain it)

Introduction: Flying Rain-Dragon. Ancestor of the dragon race. It is the dragon of the ancestor, an innate god. It possesses the power to create the world, save the world, and destroy the world. Its entire body is golden, and it has nine claws and five-colored wings. Its wings can tear through space and time, and it possesses great divine arts. The wings of this Flying Rain-Dragon were cast by the Divine Craftsman of the human race by chance after obtaining the wings shed by an underage Flying Rain-Dragon. It is supplemented by divine objects, and even though its divine power has dissipated, its power is greatly inferior to before. However, if used, it can still conquer the sky and soar through the heavens.

——————

< EMPTY >