Chapter 719: Prelude! Execution! Execution!

The wind and clouds surged, and the killing intent was resolute.

Qin Luo Sheng paid no heed to the ugly expressions of the senior members of the dragon race. He held two treasured swords in his hands, his gaze locked onto the Dragon Abyss as his battle intent soared.

"This ant!"

The upper echelons of the dragon race who had lost face tried their best to restrain themselves, but a wisp of killing intent still leaked out uncontrollably, allowing the other distinguished guests of the various races who were watching the show to get a good look.

"Tsk tsk, looks like some of the dragons are anxious!"

“You’ve revealed your killing intent in front of so many people. Are you that impatient to reveal your true intentions?”

"The Dragon Race is really getting worse. A high-level Dragon King can't even hide his emotions well. Heh ~"

"Ever since the Dragon race lost their overlord status to the Human race and relied on the Human race to survive, their backbone has been severed."

"Only the Dragon Emperor Long Ye is worthy of my attention!"

"Long Ye is also quite miserable. He received orders to take over the Dragon Emperor's position in the face of danger and brought the dragon race out of danger. It's obvious that he's very capable and ambitious now that he has recovered to his current state. Unfortunately, there's a group of idiots in the clan who are a burden."

"…"

In such a solemn and serious occasion, even the two major powers of the dragon race and the human race did not dare to open their mouths so easily to avoid being criticized for causing a disturbance.

It was even more so for the other races that had come to watch the show.

Still.

You can't speak or communicate, but you can communicate telepathically.

The neutral races were still a little apprehensive.

However, Pengornis and the other races were not on good terms with the dragon race to begin with. They did not block out the telepathic thoughts communication either. They were so loud that even the high-level members of the dragon race, who were already angry, "heard" them.

Instantly.

On the dragon seats, energy surged, dragon might was activated, and they almost exploded!

"Wait!"

The dragon clan had yet to speak, but the human clan had already spoken out the first sentence besides Qin Sheng and Long Yuan.

"Before the final battle, there are some things that must be resolved first!"

With a flick of his cloak, the Great Xia Empire's Great General stood up with a domineering look in his eyes.

"Lord Dragon Emperor!"

He cupped his hands and bowed toward the Dragon Monarch, who remained silent.

Even though those with discerning eyes knew that the dragon race was a vassal of the human race, both parties were allies in name. In terms of status, the Dragon Emperor was on par with the Great Xia Emperor.

As the Great General of Great Xia, his status was naturally inferior to that of the Emperor.

Same reason.

He was also inferior to the Dragon Monarch.

Hence.

He had to express his respect when he saw the Dragon Monarch.

This was a gift.

Again.

This was the territory of the Dragon Race, so he naturally had to inform his master about his actions.

This was also a gift.

"I believe everyone here already knows about the incident at the Furious Bears Mountain Range three days ago. I shall not waste your time here and repeat it again!"

The Dragon Emperor nodded. Upon receiving his master's approval, the Great General immediately "took matters into his own hands" and read out the events that happened three days ago. "Thirteen True Dragons infiltrated the borders of Great Xia and attacked the citizens of Great Xia. Your Majesty and the Dragon Emperor have already reached a consensus on this matter and have resolved it. The human race and the dragon race are allies and have always supported each other. We advance and retreat together in harmony. For those who wish to destroy the harmony between the two races and have ill intentions, they should be punished severely."

Tsk!

Many people pursed their lips when they heard this.

Damn it!

You say it better than you sing it. Who doesn't know that you all want to destroy the other party!

Now, he came here to "spout nonsense". Who was he putting on this show for?

If it's really as you say.

Why would the Emperor of Great Xia send a martial artist who had previously used the achievement of slaying a dragon to rise to the top and become a Great General of the Empire to issue such a ridiculous' declaration '?

Wouldn't it be nice to have a civil official who relied on his glib tongue to make a living?

Wasn't it better to say some beautiful words?

Isn't it ten or a hundred times better than your brainwashing slip of the tongue?

In the end.

How insincere!

It was just a formality!

The real decision had long been decided by the two big shots!

In fact…

He was afraid that some people hidden in the shadows of the dragon race would not be convinced and sent him, the "Dragon Slaying General" who had once made a name for himself in the Fate Continent, here. Who would believe that he was not here to hold the fort and kill some unpleasant fellows in the midst of panic?

Settle?

A consensus?

Unbreakable alliance?

Believe your head!

“Capture the sin dragon!”

With a loud shout, Long Xu, Long Qing, Long Shen, and the other six dragons, who were bound by thick chains, were dragged up. Among them were Long Zhan, Long Zhan, Long Zhan from the Black Dragon Race, and Long Yuan's younger brother, who had fallen into the Bear Mountain Stream at the beginning of the battle with the Naga God.

At this moment.

All of them were covered in injuries, and their spirits were low. Obviously, they’d suffered quite a bit after being captured for the past three days.

You have to know.

This group of idiots had been captured by the Rose Knights and were being escorted to the Imperial City. Along the way, with Luo Li around, it was impossible for them not to be abused!

Still.

Even though this bunch of dogsh * t were heavily injured and looked like they were about to die, their eyes were still incomparably fierce and filled with rage and ruthlessness. Especially after they saw Qin Luo Sheng, they were even more so, wishing they could skin him alive.

"Everyone, please take a look at this inscription!"

The Great General took out a strange object and activated it with his energy. Immediately, the image of the Flying Bear Mountain appeared.

"Breaking into the territory of the dynasty and killing the citizens of the dynasty, this is proof!"

Under the "video" of the Destiny Continent NPC version, everyone saw everything clearly. The unique imprints inside all indicated that this was not an impersonation, not an illusion, but a real True Dragon. And a few of them were the dragons tied up below.

"Your Majesty, what do you think?"

With that,

The Grand General turned his gaze toward the Dragon Emperor.

"Disrespecting the dragon god is one crime, disregarding clan rules is two crimes, attempting to destroy the dragonman alliance is three crimes! There are multiple crimes and punishments, you deserve death!"

The Dragon Monarch’s cold voice spread throughout the entire Terrifying Dragon Arena.

"Since that's the case, I'll execute you!"

The Grand General suddenly pulled out the longsword at his waist, and a bloody light soared into the sky. The boundless baleful aura caused some commotion in the Dragon race’s seats. The high ranking members of the Dragon race were either gloomy, fearful, or murderous.

In the territory of the dragon race!

On the sacred Terrifying Dragon Platform!

A mere outsider actually dared to draw his sword!

Besides.

The sword was drawn to kill their clansmen!

This was a provocation!

It was also a declaration of war!

Who gave him the guts?

But.

Thinking about this lord's family history, the Dragon Slaying General was not just for show!

Besides.

They were in the wrong.

It would be one thing if he did not leave behind any evidence, but what could he do even if he denied it?

It would be one thing if he wasn't captured on the spot, but what could he do if he hid the other party and didn't hand him over?

Yet…

The evidence was left behind and the person was caught on the spot.

You can still f * * king play?

Even if someone were to ride on your head and piss and shit, you could only endure it.

After all.

No one was strong.

The current dragon race was not the dragon race of the past. They ruled the world and were the overlords of the world!

“You all, your crimes cannot be forgiven. You all should be punished!”

The Dragon Slaying Sword released extreme pressure. It was a divine weapon to begin with. In addition, it had a special suppressive effect on the dragon race, causing Long Xu and the other dragons, who were already riddled with wounds and without the protection of the dragon pearl, to lose all courage. "Slash!"

"Wait!"