Chapter 718: Human, Weeping Soul! Please Teach Me

The Weeping Soul Beast had arrived!

The person who had stirred up the storm was here!

On the Terrifying Dragon Platform, Long Yuan, who was resting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes. His killing intent surged, shaking the heavens and earth.

around.

In the territory beside the Terrifying Dragon Platform, there were countless floating stone platforms. At this moment, it was filled with people. Emma… was filled with birds and beasts?

There was a human body with a bird's head, an unruly roc clan.

The noble Phoenix Clan was surrounded by flames.

There was the Qilin Clan with two horns on their forehead and boundless domineeringness.

There was a winged man with a pair of wings on his back.

The Mushan clan with a sweet smile and unparalleled charm.

…

These.

They were all great clans of the present world.

‘ Of course.’

Right in the middle was a human.

There were three people seated.

One of them had a transcendent bearing and held a horsetail whisk in his hand. He wore a Daoist robe and had white hair and a youthful complexion. It was as if the world was revolving in his eyes and the universe was being born and destroyed!

One of them was 10 feet tall and his muscles were like dragons. There was a mysterious tattoo on his bare upper body. The tattoo was Xing Tian, who was holding a dried branch. His aura was shocking!

A person wearing armor stood tall and straight like a spear. As he stood there, a surging blood aura and murderous aura, together with his dignified appearance, caused the eyes of the surrounding experts to be filled with fear!

Human religious representative—Taoism!

The representative of the human sects: the aristocratic families!

The representative of the Human Dynasty—the military!

The three great factions had arrived!

The dragons were there too.

…

At this moment, all the representatives of the various races were also seated on the tables.

There was the Dragon Monarch who represented the Golden Dragon Clan.

There were elders representing the Black Dragon Clan.

There was the Dragon King who represented all races!

There were Hall Masters!

There were ministers from various departments!

…

After all, this was their own territory. They had to strengthen their influence no matter what. If only a few big cats and small cats came out, wouldn't they be seen as a joke and think that the dragon race was not good enough?

Besides.

This was a special period of time. Even though these guys were only here to watch the show, only God knew if they had any special motives and wanted to do something special. Only by having more experts would they be able to make these idiots hesitate and put down their thoughts.

Especially.

The natural enemy of the Dragon Race, the Golden-Winged Roc Race!

The Phoenix Clan and Qilin Clan, which had been at odds with the Dragon Clan since ancient times.

And.

The overlord of the world today, the backup of another protagonist of today’s events—

Humans!

All these troublesome fellows were present.

He had to be on guard.

"Bang…"

"Bang…"

"Bang…"

Footsteps kept coming, closer, closer.

Although it was soft, everyone present was an expert. How could the sound escape their ears when everything was quiet?

Terrifying Dragon Platform.

9999 steps.

From the foot of the mountain to the peak.

On the steps.

Clouds and mists curled about, multicolored light filling the sky.

There were spirit cranes flying about and fountains pouring down.

There were also astral winds that wreaked havoc, their might shaking the heavens.

This.

Countless dragons had lost their lives after condensing the dragon race for countless years. In places where the dragon's blood was laid and the dragon's resentment was boiling, ordinary people did not even have the right to climb the steps, let alone truly stand on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Up the steps.

It was equivalent to the first test.

He could not pass this stage.

Everything else was useless.

A graceful noblewoman of the Phoenix Race said, "This is the other side of this battle. How can they be so weak?"

An arrogant youth from the roc clan said, "Is the dragon race not enough? Such an ant can also force a grand dragon king to come personally? Heh heh!"

A tyrannical and handsome youth from the Qilin Clan said, "This brat, why does he have the aura of our Qilin Clan on him?"

…

The dragons either had complex expressions, gnashed their teeth, or revealed ferocious gazes…

The other races either drank by themselves, observed other experts, closed their eyes in boredom, or flirted with their maids…

Yet.

Without exception.

Regardless of what they were doing, whether they were using their eyes or divine senses, they were all paying attention to the human youth that was rushing up from the foot of the mountain.

…

In the human seats.

"This is the little guy?"

The burly man with the Xingtian Tattoo looked at Qin Sheng who was climbing up step by step, very curious.

“Worthy of being a human youth, your bearing truly is extraordinary, arrogant and unyielding!”

A smile appeared on the general's stern face.

How could he not know someone who had long entered the military's line of sight and had been taken care of by the Great General and was highly regarded by His Majesty?

"This child is really gifted! If I had not seen through the secular world and was used to idling around, I would have wanted to take him as my disciple!"

The old Daoist priest's gaze fell as he sensed the indistinct Dao runes on Qin Luo Sheng's body with a shocked expression.

As an old Daoist master, he naturally knew that the Daoist scripture of the Dao Ancestor was given to Qin Sheng. He had also participated in this decision and voted for it.

Unexpectedly.

In such a short period of time, the extremely profound and obscure Daoist scripture was actually comprehended by someone who was not a Daoist. Furthermore, judging from his Dao runes, it did not seem to be as simple as ordinary comprehension.

"Interesting! Interesting!"

The old Taoist laughed.

Regardless of the probing gazes around him, he smiled like a child.

…

"A show of strength?"

Qin Sheng had no idea what had happened on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

He was walking up the steps, frowning slightly.

This astral wind.

This resentment.

This pressure.

Was she trying to make him give up without a fight?

Dream on!

One step.

One step.

Another step.

Qin Luo's steps were firm and powerful.

His footsteps were unhurried.

The beautiful scenery of the golden age could not attract his attention.

The bone-crushing wind was unable to move his body.

Boundless resentment could not shake his god.

He completely ignored the magnificent dragon might.

Fighting spirit.

As the steps continued to ascend, they accumulated more power and flourished.

Finally.

Qin Luo walked past the 9,999th step and stepped onto the Stage of the Shocking Dragon.

At the top of the mountain.

Strong winds howled, even louder than the steps halfway up the mountain.

The Terrifying Dragon Platform was an incomparably vast platform that covered an extremely vast area. Qin Sheng couldn't even see the end of it with a single glance.

That made sense.

After all, the arena of life and death was created with the size of the Dragon Clan. It was too big for a mere human like him.

Qin Sheng swept his gaze across the surroundings. As he looked at the many strange-looking creatures that seemed to be sitting in the clouds, his thoughts stirred slightly. He immediately put them away and no longer paid attention to them.

His goal.

Only.

The Black Dragon King Long Yuan, who was standing at the center of the Terrifying Dragon Platform wearing a black robe and a sinister expression!

Da da da…

The Epic warrior's boots made a crisp sound when metal touched the ground on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Qin Luo looked straight ahead.

His body was neither crooked nor slanted in the strong winds. He was as straight as a pine and as stable as a mountain.

He had no idea how long the Terrifying Dragon Platform had existed for. He didn't know how many overlapping dark red dragon blood there were, but the intense resentment emanating from it couldn't shake his heart.

On the opposite side.

The dragon might and murderous intent of the Dragon Abyss grew stronger.

Qin Luo was still neither too fast nor too slow, just like how he had ascended the steps earlier.

Except.

The battle intent that had been nurtured for a long time was completely unleashed at this moment. It soared into the sky and clashed with the aura of the Dragon Abyss.

People!

Qin Luo Sheng stood fifty meters away from the dragon lake unscathed.

He stopped in his tracks.

Looking up.

As he looked at the Black Dragon King who had been gone for a month, Qin Luo's voice boomed like spring thunder. "Humanity, Weeping Soul, in response to the one-month agreement, ascend the Dragon Terrace and come forth to fight!"

Buzz…

His fingers moved slightly.

Coiling Dragon Li Water and Dragon Slaying Sword (Strengthened by Transition + 10 Epic Single-handed Sword, cannon fodder that didn't even deserve the attribute introduction) appeared in his hands and pointed at Long Yuan.

"Please… enlighten me!"

——————

Author’s Note: Calvin, I don’t know how to write to make the climax look better. Let me think about it carefully and think about it. Right now, I really can’t hold it in any longer. I’m afraid that I’ll spoil the foundation that I’ve laid down for so long. My writing skills are limited. I’m afraid that I’ll be unsatisfied with what I write. I can only say that I’ll do my best.