Chapter 713: Meeting Zhang Daoming Again

Wings!

It was even more special than the cape. It was not within the five outer or inner components. It was on par with the Heart-Protecting Mirror, the Concealed Crown, and the inner armor!

In fact.

It was not that there were no wings in the world of destiny. It was just that they were all ugly and unrealistic.

Even so.

Conquering the sky had always been a human's wish.

Even if there was a plane or something, how could it be the same with flying on an external object and having no experience at all? It was the same as having wings and flying freely like a bird.

So.

Even if it could only fly five meters, it would still cost a lot of mana and stamina to maintain. Its appearance was also extremely ugly, and it still attracted countless rich people. As long as it dared to appear in the market, it would definitely be a target to snatch.

"I also planned to get a pair of wings. After all, be it Dream of Flying Apsara or the practicality of fighting a BOSS, this thing is indispensable!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the incomparably gorgeous Wings of the Rain-Dragon in his hands and exclaimed, "It's a pity that wings are too precious and extremely rare. Even after I f*cking killed so many BOSSes, not a single whiteboard wing was dropped. Occasionally, some lucky people would fight for it, but they would be snatched away by the rich people. The news wasn't good and I couldn't even get a single strand of hair. Now, I finally got my wish. Furthermore, the first thing I got was a King Bomb. Whiteboard? Green? Blue? Black Iron? Bronze? What the hell is that! This daddy here has legendary wings!"

"Ding, your equipment [Wings of the Rain Dragon] is ranked second on the equipment ranking. Do you want to reveal your ID?"

"Reveal!"

The first was the only Mythical equipment that couldn't be shaken by lightning, [Coiling Dragon Water]!

Unexpectedly.

The [Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon] was so impressive that it directly rose to second place, pushing the [Ghost Face] down!

"Previously, at the Flying Bear Mountain, I had a lot of equipment and was picked up by those dogs. Many people saw me as weak and thought that I couldn't make it. I don't know, once the Wings of the Rain-Dragon is out, will the faces of some sour trolls hurt?"

This was definitely something that had been kept in the royal treasury. It had been bestowed upon him by the emperor and was thus tied to him directly. Qin Sheng was not afraid of it dropping.

He should have kept a low profile after the incident at the Furious Bears Ridge.

However…

The wings were unlike other equipment. They could not be hidden.

It was too conspicuous!

Still.

Fortunately, as long as this thing was not activated, it could shrink and become a small thing that could be pinched with one hand like a bat.

It was hidden in the armor and covered by a cloak. No one would be able to detect it.

"With wings, the problem of losing the Spiritual Light Cloak and losing a flying skill can be solved easily! Furthermore, there's still a large sum of crystal coins left. There's no need to exchange them for expensive flying talismans from Zhang Daoming."

"As expected, the emperor is the emperor. He is very comprehensive in his considerations. Strengthening my strength is unreliable. He is only trying to make up for my weakness as much as possible so that I won't fall behind in some insignificant places and be beaten passively."

Qin Qin Sheng was very grateful.

From exemption to Wings of the Raindragon, a skill and a piece of equipment were exactly what Qin Sheng needed the most.

If it wasn't for him, he would never believe it.

"Next, the final stage!"

Qin Luo Sheng equipped the Wings of the Raindragon and took out a talisman from his backpack.

"Zhang Daoming, don't disappoint me!"

After activating the talisman, the yellow talisman instantly burned and turned into a ray of light that shot into the sky before gradually disappearing into the horizon.

Soon.

Zhang Daoming's voice transmission reached Qin Luo's ears.

"Daoist Zhang, long time no see!"

They sped along.

Qin Luo came to a place outside the city and looked at the empty space in front of him. Just as he was frowning, it suddenly rippled like water. Behind the illusion array, the fragrance of flowers assailed the nostrils. It was a utopia filled with cherry grass. As for Zhang Daoming, he was sitting at a tea table that had been transformed from a tree stump outside the straw hut. He was brewing tea and drinking tea, looking carefree.

"It's been a month since we last met. How are you?"

Seeing Qin Sheng come, Zhang Daoming smiled and took out a teacup, pouring him a cup of tea.

"Why are you asking the obvious?"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled wryly, but he still sat down under Zhang Daoming's call. He picked up the still boiling teacup, blew on it, and took a sip.

In an instant.

A unique tea fragrance entered his mouth.

Unknowingly, his anxious heart calmed down.

Concentrate, calm down!

"I've heard about you."

Zhang Daoming said with a smile, "The dragon race is domineering, and His Majesty is furious as well. However, the dragon race is powerful. Even if His Majesty has the intention, he's implicated too much and is unable to do anything. However, since Benefactor was able to obtain the appreciation of the will left behind by the Dragon God and become the current Dragon Lord, This Penniless Priest also sensed a secret treasure that belonged to Benefactor in the Huang Family's treasury. The aura of the Winged Dragon, I believe His Majesty has already made arrangements."

Qin Luo remained silent.

"I am an outsider who pursues freedom and longevity. However, I am still a human. Cultivating in the mortal world should be considered for the sake of the human race. Moreover, if this matter is not resolved, it will easily cause a war. At that time, I will be filled with grievances and it will be a great misfortune for the human world."

Zhang Daoming said, "Now, the devils are stirring, and it seems like they will sweep over again. At this stage, if the two strongest races on Fate Continent have a conflict and start a war between races, it will harm our vitality and give the devils a chance to take advantage of us."

"Did you teach me?"

Qin Luo could not help but ask.

"No!"

Zhang Daoming shook his head. Qin Luo frowned in deep thought before smiling again. "You!"

“Me?”

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at himself in astonishment, very confused.

"The way to break out of this situation is… you!"

Zhang Daoming nodded with certainty. "Back then, humans and dragons formed a contract and formed an alliance. The dragon race protected the human race, and the human race offered sacrifices and shared the light from providence. However, humans are humans, and the dragon race is still the dragon race. The two races haven't merged into one."

Qin Luo listened attentively.

"For countless years, everyone has followed the original contract and never attacked each other, but they are closely connected.

Zhang Daoming drank the remaining half cup of tea in one gulp before slowly adding another cup. Only then did he say unhurriedly, "However, after so many years of recuperation, the dragon race's strength gradually recovered. The dragon race is arrogant and used to be the overlord of the world. Now, our human race has snatched away their overlord status, causing them to be the main culprit of their decline. Immediately, they submit to the human race and become the guardian beast of the human race."

She took another sip of tea, feeling the hot tea enter her throat and heat her stomach.

Only then did Zhang Daoming continue in a relaxed manner. "Guardian Beast. Heh, this name sounds nice, but it's actually just a vassal, a servant, and a slave. If we give them some sacrifices and some providence, they will have to be like loyal dogs to protect our human race. Not only that, they will have to run around to ensure that our human territory has good weather and prosperity. If you were a dragon, what would you do?"