Chapter 710: Break The Barrier! Inheritance! The Second Occupation Begins

They sprinted.

Qin Luo returned to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

Time was of the essence, and there was no time to waste.

After selecting the equipment and searching through the Virtual Exchange Platform, he barely managed to gather a suitable Gold-grade equipment.

It was quite expensive to build them all.

Especially the two rings and the cloak, they were completely treated like fools.

Initially, the five items were already very rare. Those of high quality and good effects were even rarer. To be able to find them on the virtual trading platform, it must be those Africans who had set a high price. Furthermore, it was a ridiculously high price. Even if a tycoon saw it, he would not buy it. Otherwise, it would have been snatched away long ago. How could it be his turn?

Qin Luo Sheng also did not want to be treated like a pig to be slaughtered, but the situation was not in his favor. The decisive battle was imminent, and he had no time to look for better quality equipment. He could only admit defeat.

Fortunately.

With the Starlight Miracle in his hands, these Gold equipment had all been upgraded to Epic, and the lucky jump stage could directly become a legend. He could not use them anymore, so he sold them instead and made a huge profit.

Did he take him for a fool?

‘ It’s okay.’

There would be another sucker to take over!

Not only did he get a free set of transient equipment, but he could also earn money from it. Why not?

"Choose your equipment, that's all!"

He took a glance at his previous equipment. Looking at his current outfit, it was simply unbearable to look at. Fortunately, the most important offensive weapon, [Coiling Dragon Water], was still there. The auxiliary earring [Death God's Embrace], the necklace [Life Prayer], and the Numinous Treasure included [Water Vein Spirit Pearl], [Soul Guiding Lamp], [Ghost Face], [Dragon God's Command], and the belt [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon]. The enhancement was limited, and the most important thing was that the storage space was increased, so it was not particularly useful in actual combat.

Other than that, there was also the Medal of Courage and the Medal of Honor. They were good helpers.

Originally, he still had the legendary [Duality Dao Sword], [Glazed Daoist Robe], [Blood Fiend Bracelet], [Blood Fiend Crown], and [Ice Spirit Ring] on him. Unfortunately, he had to be at level 40 before he could wear them all. How infuriating!

"It's a little difficult, but it's not impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng rummaged through his backpack and took out the three bottles of Absolute Corpse Poison that Meng Meng had made before she left, as well as the Heart-Protecting Mirror that he had gotten Luo Li to retrieve after the explosion on the Flying Bear Mountain battlefield!

[Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison]

Type: Poison (Corpse Poison)

Grade: Epic

Effect: Continuous HP deduction, interrupted recovery, restricting ability etc.

Introduction: Extremely special poison. It has an indescribable and strange poison. Anyone who touches it will die, and anyone who touches it will die. Even if it is concocted and not a poison that is produced from the ten-thousand-year-old zombie body, it has also removed the flaw that cannot be perfectly controlled unless one is a ten-thousand-year-old zombie. The victim who is poisoned will have a maximum health decrease of 1% per second, up to 20%. Unable to recover his health in any way, it will last for five minutes. The poison accumulates in the body and damages the blood, greatly limiting the activation of the victim's power!

The attack contained the Sky-Severing Corpse Poison, which could greatly suppress the Dragon Abyss!

The protection consisted of the Heart-Protecting Mirror and the Life Prayer. One could protect one's life while the other could revive the Chief Steward. Both could take effect three times!

"Long Yuan, just you wait!”

Qin Luo made up his mind.

In fact.

Qin Luo Sheng was also very clear that as the Black Dragon King, there was no need to talk about the strength of Long Yuan. Even the current generation of the Dragon Clan that had ambushed him at the Flying Bear Mountain were all at level 100.

Needless to say, the lowest level of Dragon Abyss was level 100 Legendary strength. It had even broken through the shackles and reached the Legendary level!

Otherwise…

This was the final stage of the mission that took more than a month. It was not worthy of being a SSS!

Qin Sheng did not care about levels.

At that time, they had agreed that as long as he surpassed rank 30 or Rank two, Long Yuan would have to compress his ability to the same level as him.

In other words.

What level was Qin Luo at? What level was the Dragon Abyss then?

But.

If that was the case, then their strength would be different.

Even if Dragon Abyss had been compressed to a level 34 like Qin Luo, he was still a Level 34 Legendary Boss, or even a Mythical Boss. There was no escape!

Now.

Qin Qin Sheng only hoped that the strength of the Dragon Abyss would not be too outrageous.

It was not as if he had never killed a Legendary BOSS before. Even though his strength had decreased greatly due to the drop in equipment, when he killed a Legendary BOSS back then, it was basically over-level killing. If it was at the same level, the difficulty would be greatly reduced.

He was afraid that the Dragon Abyss did not only have legendary strength!

"Forget it, what's the point of thinking so much? What's the use of worrying now? Anyway, it's already set in stone. We'll know how strong this fellow is in a few hours."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and tossed all his random thoughts to the back of his mind. "The most important thing right now is to do my own thing. No matter if I win or lose, I must take out my best state to fight."

The preparation work was actually not that big. All he needed to do was to carry a backpack full of potions!

Still.

Before that, he had to strengthen his equipment.

Due to the mission reward, the [Medal of Honor] had evolved, and its Luck Points had increased by 5 points. The success of its strengthening was naturally greater!

"Oh right, mission reward!"

Qin Luo slapped his forehead.

His mind was in a mess!

The reward he had just received was forgotten in the blink of an eye.

Gerin’s anticipation gave him two scrolls: Barrier Breaking Scroll and Inheritance Scroll!

In the Demon Palace, other than the successful Second Stage Profession, they obtained a considerable amount of advanced attribute rewards. There were also additional rewards: Skill Scroll and special equipment!

[Barrier Breaking Scroll]: A scroll with special spiritual force. It can break through obstacles, break through bottlenecks, and open the second universe of the human body! (After use, it can activate the second profession)

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

Am I seeing things?

Activate the second vocation?

This wasn't like the "King of Fighting Scripture", a small sub-occupation attached to the original profession, right?

"We'll know if it's true or not once we use it."

Qin Qin Sheng could not make up his mind, but he gritted his teeth and used it.

In the current situation, a loss was like a bottomless abyss. It was a time to risk one’s life, so one simply didn’t have the qualifications to be picky!

"Ding… You have used the Barrier Breaking Scroll to activate your second profession!"

The short prompt made Qin Luo panic slightly.

He quickly opened up his personal attributes!

He focused his attention on the vocation column!

Occupation: Shadow Warrior (Subsidiary Occupation: King of Fist (Unopened at present). Second Occupation: None. Living Occupation: High-level Refiner

Really.

This was real!

Qin Luo almost cried tears of joy.

Unexpectedly.

This Gerin actually gave him such a heaven-defying scroll.

The second profession.

This was too precious. If it was auctioned off, it would definitely be priceless. It could even be worth 100 million gold coins!

"Hai, what a pity, we came too late!"