Chapter 714: Dao Inheritance: Nine Secrets (1)

"I understand."

Qin Luo immediately understood.

"The contract has always been a document. Strength is the only thing that lasts forever. Previously, the dragon race was weak and unable to resist. Naturally, they did not dare to tear up the contract and did their best to work for our human race. Now that their Yuan Qi has recovered, they still want to make the extremely arrogant ones continue to be obedient. Sigh…"

Zhang Daoming said, "In order to maintain the stability of the two races, His Majesty put in a lot of effort. Unfortunately, the results were minimal. Last time, Dragon Abyss suppressed Star Brilliance City and was forced to retreat by City Lord Luo Lin. Before that, he attacked the Furious Bears Mountain Range and killed you. Although he was targeting you, it was also those fellows from the Dragon Clan's Dragon Palace Hall who tested the empire."

"If we retreat, they will become even more aggressive and push their luck. However, if we don't retreat and start a war between races with the dragon race, we will certainly win, but we will also suffer great losses."

“At that time, even if the demons hiding in the shadows don’t make a move, those races that have always been eyeing our position as the overlord of the human race won’t be able to resist the temptation. Once the war starts, it’ll surely sweep through the world, and no one will be able to avoid being swept into it. In this way, the great war of all races from the ancient times will reappear, and the people will be plunged into misery and suffering while rivers of blood flow, allowing the demons to gain an advantage.”

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned.

"Then, how do we break it?"

Zhang Daoming smiled and looked straight at Qin Sheng.

“Me?”

Qin Luo could not help but point at himself again.

"Dragons cannot trust humans, and humans cannot trust dragons either."

Zhang Daoming said leisurely, "But you are different. You have the blood of a human and the blood of a Dragon God bestowed to you by the Dragon God in your body. In other words, even if you are still a human, your thoughts, beliefs, beliefs, etc. are completely biased towards humans. However, your bloodline is equivalent to a mixed-blood human and dragon."

"Not only that, you're also the Dragon Lord, the Dragon Lord who stands on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor. Even if the dragon race doesn't admit it in private, you're personally bestowed by the Dragon God. No one dares to be presumptuous."

"Half-human, half-dragon, you carry the Dragon God's legacy treasure. Perhaps the next Dragon Emperor will be your blood contract companion. In the dragon race, you are the Dragon Lord. You also have the dragon race's bloodline and the Dragon God behind you. In the human race, you have the support of His Majesty and are also a pure human descendant. As such, your identity is extremely special. The human race completely trusts you, and even if the dragon race doesn't trust you, they don't dare to deal with you openly. They have no choice but to acknowledge you."

“His Majesty and the Dragon Monarch have both placed their bets on you. Perhaps, you can become the link between the human race and the dragon race. You can mediate between the two races and even truly eliminate the prejudices between the two races and merge them into one.”

“If things don’t go well, we’ll drag it out until the remnants of the Devil Race are completely exterminated. Then, we’ll seal off the gap between the Mortal Realm and the Devil Realm, or we’ll break it completely. Then, the Mortal Realm’s allied forces will launch a counterattack against the Devil Realm and exterminate all the devils there. If the dragons still dare to act rashly, we’ll wipe them off this continent!”

At this point,

Zhang Daoming changed his sage-like appearance and became incomparably domineering and murderous.

"Awesome!"

Qin Qin was astonished.

Listen! Listen!

These words.

It really made one's blood boil!

So what if they were dragons?

How dare he be presumptuous.

It would wipe out your entire race.

Too cool!

This was the tyranny of the human race!

This was the strength of humanity!

"You don't have much time, so I won't say much!"

Looking at Qin Sheng's burning expression, Zhang Daoming smiled and waved his hand. A book, three talismans, and a nail appeared on the table. Pointing at the book, he said, "This is the Nine Characters Incantation that you and I previously agreed on. However, there's a slight change!"

“Fuck! Could it be that this fellow castrated me?”

Qin Luo's entire person was stunned.

Nine Characters Incantation.

That was a secret art passed down from Mount Longhu. It was a secret art that belonged to the bottom of the box. It was even a secret art that didn't belong to the higher-ups, direct descendants, or sect leaders.

Now.

Giving him an outsider, even if it was because he had no choice in the past, not giving him the original and castrating version was human nature.

"What are you thinking about!"

What kind of person was Zhang Daoming? He immediately saw through Qin Luo's expression that was written all over his face. Not knowing whether to laugh or cry, he said, "His Majesty is so supportive, and you have a stake in our human race's grand scheme. It's fine if we Daoists don't interfere, but how can we do something that will drag us down? This Nine Characters True Mantra doesn't belong to my Mount Longhu. It comes from the Heavenly Dao's mystic cave. It's the place where Dao Ancestor achieved his Dao. My Daoist sacred land has the oldest Dao Sect."

"This' Nine Secrets' is one of the strongest magical powers. The Nine Syllables Incantation is born from it. Even I don't have the qualifications to look at it at the moment. I still have to cultivate my Dao, clear my mind, and calm my mind. Only when I reach the realm of Minute Subtlety and Ethereal Opening can I enter the Heavenly Dao Mystic Cave and have the chance to take a look. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for you. Don't wait!"

Qin Luo was shocked.

Damn!

So they had misunderstood him!

It was not a castrated version, but a strengthened version.

Good.

I fucking love it when you guys are so honest!

"Give it to me!"

Just as Qin Luo was immersed in boundless joy, Zhang Daoming suddenly extended his hand.

“What?”

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned.

"Crystal coins!"

Zhang Daoming had a solemn expression. "We agreed on 10,000 crystal coins back then. Although the Nine Syllables Incantation has been exchanged for the Nine Secrets and is much stronger than before, you took advantage of me. However, I'm kind-hearted. I still agreed on 10,000 crystal coins without raising the price!"

Qin Luo's face contorted.

Kindhearted?

Not increasing the price?

Damn it!

Is this yours?

It was clearly given by the Dao Sect!

The entire Daoist school was supporting me!

What has that got to do with you?

Damn it!

Ten thousand crystal coins. This thing is so precious. Did I come from the wind?

"Here! Here!"

Even though he felt terrible, Qin Sheng still pinched his nose and admitted it. With a pained expression, he took out the 10,000 crystal coins he had prepared earlier and threw them to Zhang Daoming.

Although the "Nine Secrets" didn't belong to Zhang Daoming, it had been obtained from him. Since he hadn't found a second place to use crystal coins, he could give it to him as a form of good karma.

"You don't have to be so heartbroken!" Zhang Daoming chuckled. "This Penniless Priest won't take advantage of you."

As he spoke.

She pushed the things on the table.

"Take these as my support!"

Instantly.

Qin Sheng, who had a bitter look on his face, beamed with happiness and swept everything on the table into his backpack without a word.

"Then I shall not refuse. Thank you, thank you!"

Zhang Daoming broke into laughter and pointed at Qin Sheng, not knowing what to say. "You, you…"

"Prepare yourself well. It's going to be a tough battle!"

Suddenly, he waved his sleeves, and a gentle yet tremendous force pushed Qin Sheng's body back. "We've done everything we can. Everything is up to you!"

Steady.

Qin Luo looked up and saw that the paradise-like land had disappeared, returning to the empty plain from before.

Qin Luo took a deep breath and clenched his fists, his eyes resolute.

"Don't worry!"

"This battle."

"I will definitely win!"