Chapter 717: All Eyes On The Terrifying Dragon Stage

Dragon City.

There was a sea of people.

It was originally an internal matter of the dragon race, but because of the ambush at the Flying Bear Mountain three days ago, it caused an uproar, and the entire continent knew about it.

The originally sealed off Dragon Island had no choice but to temporarily open up under the pressure of the myriad races. Some guests that could not be refused were invited in, preparing to watch the battle that might change the fate of the continent.

"These idiots!"

Within the Dragon Emperor Palace.

Looking at the document in his hand, the Dragon Emperor was exceptionally furious.

When he thought about Long Xu and the other dragons who were still imprisoned in the prison, he felt a headache coming on.

"This is really going to be troublesome!"

Throwing the document on the desk, the Dragon Emperor rubbed his brows as his thoughts became chaotic.

It was one thing if it was an internal problem, but if everyone closed the door to solve it, no matter what the solution was, no matter what the consequences were, they were still locked inside the door and not spread out.

But now?

The Golden-Winged Roc Race, the Phoenix Race, the Kirin Race, the Elf Race, the Dwarf Race…

Famous and powerful races had all come.

Refuse?

Haha!

How many dragons would dare to reject so many great races?

Besides.

There were humans among them.

The current overlord of the world had firmly trampled on the dragon race, the human race that had been used as tools for dragons for so many years.

"What the fuck is this!"

The Dragon Monarch lamented.

Three days ago.

He had already been summoned by the Human Emperor's Edict and was severely reprimanded.

Now.

Before he could clean up the mess of a bunch of brats, another bunch of people with ulterior motives came to watch the ceremony.

Visiting the ceremony?

It was obvious what these bastards were up to!

What good intentions could they have?

"What are these blockheads thinking? And that bunch of old trash, can't they wake up after so many years of wallowing in the glory of the past? Take a look at whose world it is today. Do they really think that the dragon race can rely on me as a grandson and rely on the entire dragon race to conscientiously protect the prosperity of the human race for so many years, recuperate, and recover their strength so that they can fall out with the human race?"

The Dragon Monarch was furious, but his eyes were also flashing with icy killing intent.

Originally, he, the Dragon Emperor, had come under orders in the face of danger. Even though he was a natural successor of the Golden Dragon Clan, he had never slacked off in his bitter cultivation all these years. Recently, relying on the blood of the Dragon God, not only had he cultivated to the realm of five claws, but his bloodline had also evolved. The upper limit had already surpassed the previous Dragon Emperor.

It could be said.

He was the fully deserving emperor of the dragon race. In the past, now, and in the future!

position.

It was impregnable.

It was stable!

Steady as Mount Tai!

However, some old fellows simply didn’t approve of it. They held old-fashioned notions and were full of themselves.

It was fine if he did not acknowledge them. As long as he controlled himself and did not cause trouble, he could not be bothered with them. However, he was neither old nor old and did not have any ability. His brain was also extremely stupid. Yet, he created such a huge storm. It was simply pushing the Dragon race to the fire to roast!

He, the Dragon Monarch, was truly suffering!

Not only did he have to worry about the dragon race, but he also had to prevent the backstabbing of his stupid teammates.

This…

The backstab came, and he was stunned.

He was really submissive to the outside world, but he was aggressive towards the inside!

Simply.

Look at what they did?

He had a dozen or so second generation True Dragons that represented different races move out together and sneakily head towards the human territory to kill a human.

Was this done by a dragon?

How stupid!

Most importantly, this human was the Dragon Lord of their Dragon Race, the Dragon Lord recognized by the Dragon God!

This matter was huge.

Inside.

The dragon race was unreasonable.

As a dragon, born of the Dragon God, but now, even the will of the Dragon God was going against it. What was he trying to do? Revolt?

But were they afraid?

Not afraid!

He probably wouldn't do that!

After all.

The Dragon God was an existence from the ancient times, and he was the ancestor of their dragon race. They had been separated for so long, and the Dragon God had disappeared for who knew how long. He had not shown a miracle for so many years, not to mention showing his face.

In other words.

The Dragon God had nothing to do with them today. They only knew about it from historical records and had heard the story of the Dragon God from their ancestors.

Just like how humans treated Goddess Nuwa!

Respect!

Faith!

Just maintain the most basic level of respect.

As the saying goes, a new ruler is a minister!

So what if he was the Dragon God?

It was too far away!

It was too unreal!

It was even weaker than the Dragon Monarch in front of him!

Unfortunately.

This bunch of idiots had miscalculated.

The saying of a new emperor and a new minister was useless against gods, especially those innate gods and ancient gods.

Because.

This sort of indescribable and unimaginable existence didn’t rely on the so-called power, the fans of ants, or the acknowledgement of their descendants. It relied on strength, absolute strength, and supreme strength that was sufficient to overturn the heavens and the earth!

"Next, what should we do to minimize the impact of this incident? At the same time, it will not damage the reputation of the dragon race, nor will it hurt the foundation of the dragon race. In particular, don't make Lord Dragon God angry."

The Dragon Emperor madly strangled his brain cells.

The environment of the world of destiny was complicated to begin with. Even dragons as strong as them were trembling with fear, fearing that they would walk the path of destruction if they made a mistake.

Especially.

In the last war between races, the human race had achieved a complete victory. They had already lost the empire that their ancestor had fought for and lost their position as the overlord of the world. It was not easy for them to rely on him, the current Dragon Emperor who had received orders in the face of danger, to pull the dragon race out of the predicament of almost being exterminated. Furthermore, they had improved and recovered quite a bit of vitality.

He had just f*cking recovered a little when he was immediately destroyed by this bunch of arrogant idiots!

How bad was the brain hemorrhage to cause such a situation?

The humans just couldn’t find an excuse to attack you, and you’re just going to give them something to use against you?

Even with the Dragon Emperor's self-restraint, he could not help but want to curse out.

I f*cking suspect that all of you are spies and have some evidence!

"Long Xu and the rest can't be saved. Even the gods can't save him. The dragon race will lose face this time!"

The Dragon Monarch smiled wryly, “However, it’s more worth it than losing face and suffering in the face of death. If the dragon race were to bear the burden, the losses would be even greater, so it would be better to lose some face. What is face? Can it be eaten?”

…

Lights flashed.

Qin Sheng, who was nurtured with soaring battle intent, had appeared in the Dragon City.

In an instant.

Countless gazes looked over.

Qin Luo Sheng turned a blind eye to it. With a calm expression, he walked towards the Terrifying Dragon Arena step by step.

Terrifying Dragon Platform.

It was forged in the name of the Dragon God, and it stood for the sake of resolving the disputes of the dragons. It was sacred and inviolable.

If the dragon race had enmity with each other, they could not fight among themselves, they could not fight among themselves, they could not mediate, they could go to the Dragon Shocking Stage, and outsiders could not stop them!

Once he was on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, his fate was insincere.

It was like a life and death arena.

And.

The loser would not only lose his life, everything he had would become the spoils of war for the winner!

It was extremely cruel!

Ran.

Today.

Qin Luo.

Here it comes.

On the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

A showdown.

Dragon Abyss Dragon King!

"Human Tribe's Weeping Soul Beast, as the Dragon Lord, ascends the Dragon Shocking Stage to welcome… battle!"

The sound rang out, shocking everyone.

It echoed in the world.

It shook the surroundings.