Chapter 715: Dao Inheritance: Nine Secrets (2)

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Luo returned to Star Glory City.

This time, Qin Sheng did not run towards the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Instead, he headed straight for the Luoshen Residence.

Without Mengmeng, the chief steward, around, even though the Luo Shen Residence was orderly, it still continued operating under the control of a group of NPCs, untainted by dust and blooming with hundreds of flowers, everything was in order. However, to Qin Sheng, it still lacked a trace of popularity.

Under the greetings of the maids, Qin Sheng arrived at the smelting room that had already been forged.

"Mengmeng!"

Looking at the alchemist at the side of the smelting room, Qin Sheng paused in his steps. The image of a beautiful smiling face, gentle and beautiful!

"Wait for me!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and suppressed the longing in his heart. He lifted his feet and entered the smelting room.

Everything was in place.

This was the smelting workshop that he had specially instructed Mengmeng to pay attention to from the beginning to the end. It was far more professional than the simple forging room rented by the Blacksmith Shop!

"Let's begin!"

He calmed his mind and concentrated his mind to gather his distracting thoughts.

Qin Luo Sheng removed the five pieces of equipment he had just equipped and took out a pile of Augmenting Gems from his backpack. There were both low, mid, and high crystals!

The cost of Gold Strengthening was extremely small. Of course, this was only compared to Epic. According to legends, the cost was actually not low. Epic Strengthening was 1-3,300 gold coins per use, 4 was 500, 5 was 700, 6 was 1000, 7 was 2000, 8 was 4000, 9 was 8000, and 10 was 20,000!

This was not even the consumption of Augmenting Gems.

Even though gold coins were becoming less valuable now, they could be sold for a high price before they could be exchanged for money.

The appearance of the instance dungeon system caused the gold price to plummet.

Even so.

The current price of gold coins was still stabilized at around 100 yuan. There should not be a huge drop in the short term.

After all.

With more gold coins, the corresponding players would also consume more.

In the past, when there were no instance dungeons, everyone would just pass by like that.

After the dungeon appeared, everyone was clearing the dungeon.

Clearing the dungeon took more than the players' time. The wear and tear of equipment required gold coins to repair, the purchase of potions required gold coins, and the purchase of items required gold coins…

If the equipment dropped was not suitable for him, he could sell it or exchange it for gold coins.

Gold coins were everything.

As such,

In the past, not only did players not earn a lot of money from the dungeon system, they even invested a lot.

He had no choice.

If you want to do a good job, you must first use your tools!

If you want to clear the dungeon to earn gold and drop equipment, you must first be able to defeat the monsters in the dungeon!

He was already worn out from killing wild monsters, yet he still wanted to do dungeons?

Even if you could grit your teeth and endure, relying on time to grind away at the monster's HP, but what about teammates? Would teammates have the time to accompany you?

No!

They were destined to be abandoned and unable to form a team!

If you don't form a team, you won't be able to play the dungeon!

The only way out was to invest, purchase equipment, or enhance equipment.

This way…

The equipment market became active. For the rich, the competition in the enhanced market became even more intense. The Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals were much more scarce.

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng had no such concerns.

Even if he did not let Hidden Dragon Pavilion collect the items, just the amount of items he could get from killing the Boss was enough for him!

"Luckily, I stepped on the brakes just now. Otherwise, I don't know how much money I would have wasted!"

With Qin Luo's luck, he could even mess around with his eyes closed when he was strengthened to 7!

Looking at Qin Luo Sheng, who was clad in gold (the glow of the Gold Equipment) and had orange light (Enhanced + 7), he resisted the urge to upgrade them to Epic and continued smashing!

Gold tier trash equipment was not worthy of strengthening + 7 and above!

The price of the Advanced Augmenting Gems might not be much different from equipment.

High-grade Augmenting Gems and four spirit crystals.

This loss was too great!

But what could Qin Luo do?

Perhaps if he continued to strengthen equipment of this level, the attributes would increase very little. However, no matter how much it increased, he would try his best to improve it as much as possible.

Besides.

It was true that he had added very little on the foundation, but the enhancement reward was a percentage. The higher one went, the higher the reward. It was impossible to ignore!

He already had 36 Luck Points, plus [Medal of Honor] + 5, and [Wings of the Rain Dragon] + 2!

Luck as high as 43.

With the help of spirit crystals.

And advanced refining techniques.

It was a mess.

After failing four times, Qin Sheng strengthened all his equipment by + 10!

"Miracle Starlight!"

With a wave of his hand, the full set of Gold Enhancement + 10 immediately became the full set of Epic Enhancement + 10. The orange glow turned into a purple glow.

“Is there another hour?”

Qin Luo put down the metal hammer in his hand and collapsed weakly to the ground. His entire body relaxed as he quickly recovered his strength.

"Potions, talismans, etc. I've prepared everything I can. Next, I need to max out my stamina and eliminate my hunger. That should be enough!"

He pressed the button to change.

Qin Sheng's stats instantly skyrocketed after he had enhanced his entire body with the Purple Light + 10 sets.

Even though he did not like the equipment that he had gathered in a hurry, it was undeniable that players mainly relied on equipment. Without this set, his attributes would be reduced by at least half.

Especially strengthening + 10 sets!

It was even more impressive.

"This is a huge loss!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the remaining Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals and felt his heart twitch, especially the four failures just now. Each failure had almost caused him to have a heart attack.

You have to know.

After Enhancement + 7, failure would not be a simple Enhancement -1. Instead, the Enhancement level would be directly cleared to zero, starting from scratch.

"By the way, I haven't checked what Zhang Daoming gave me yet. As a direct descendant of Mount Longhu, the items in my hands are definitely not ordinary goods. If anything were to slip through my fingers, it should be enough for me!"

He put the finale of Nine Secrets aside.

Qin Luo Sheng first checked the three talismans and nail-shaped tools that Zhang Daoming had given him.

Life Creation Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can increase the user's health by 500% and increase the recovery speed of health by 30%. Duration: 5 minutes!

Spiritual Energy Stimulation Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can give the user 80% reduction in CD. Duration: 10 minutes!

Potential Awakening Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can increase the user's attributes by 200%. Duration: 10 minutes! (Note: After using this Talisman, the user will enter a weakened state for a day.)

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

What the hell was this?

Was this an official hack?

It was too awesome!

A Blood Bull Talisman!

An Infinite Fire Talisman!

A strength doubling talisman!

Damn.

With my augmentation skills, wouldn't I be soaring to the sky?

[Dragon Nail]

Type: Dharma treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect:??? (It only works on dragons)

Introduction:???

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

————

PS: Make up for yesterday's debt!