Chapter 724: Revenge! Qin Luo'S Madness

The clouds dissipated.

The sky was clear after the rain.

The will of the Dragon God left.

Dragon City.

He returned to his original appearance.

Terrifying Dragon Platform.

It was the same.

Yet.

Heaven and earth restored, but people did not.

Qin Luo Sheng did not speak as he looked at the group of muddle-headed and terrified high-level members of the dragon race. He just stood there quietly, waiting for them to wake up.

The siege of the Furious Bears Ridge had been resolved, and in the most violent way.

Qin Qin Sheng was very satisfied.

Still.

This was only the prelude.

The real show had yet to begin.

Qin Qin Sheng had not forgotten.

Why did he go up the Stage of the Shocking Dragon!

The promise of a month.

Just for today.

Dragon Abyss.

He would definitely kill it!

"Devil, you devil, cough cough…"

The sound of crying blood accompanied by the sound of the chains struggling violently exploded in everyone’s ears.

It was Long Xu!

It was Long Zhan!

It was Long Shen!

It was Long Ling!

It was a dragon!

It was Long Chuan!

The six Sin Dragons disregarded the injuries all over their bodies and were like mad dogs as they dragged their chains and struggled with all their might. Their appearances were as if they were about to devour someone, and they seemed like evil spirits!

"I told you before that you would pay the price for this. I've always been a man of my word. Look, I'm here to fulfill my promise!"

Qin Luo said expressionlessly.

All the big shots were stunned before their faces twitched uncontrollably.

This brat.

So cheap!

"Devil, devil…"

The six dragons were still howling, crying and howling.

They could only watch helplessly as their family, the direct bloodline of three generations, suffered the cruelest punishment in the world right under their noses. From a high and mighty True Dragon, they descended into the mortal world, becoming an ordinary snake, a beast without any intelligence.

"If you did something wrong, you have to accept your punishment!"

Qin Luo Sheng didn't care about the curses of the six dragons at all, nor did he care about the petty people who got their revenge. He was extremely sarcastic and only said without any joy or sorrow, "The one who killed all of you wasn't me, nor was it me who implicated all three of your clans. It was all of you who personally buried yourselves and your family!"

The sound of the chains disappeared!

Long Xu and the other dragons were all stunned!

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

Six heaven-shaking dragon roars roared continuously.

Drops of blood flowed down the corners of Long Xu's eyes.

Regret?

Hatred?

Or was it something else?

No one knew.

Yet.

Time could not be reversed, and there was no medicine for regret in the world.

They had lost.

He had not only lost his own life, but he had also implicated three generations of his direct descendants.

"The Dragon God is merciful. Seeing that your Dragon Balls have ruptured, you are no longer dragons, and your life is like a candle in the wind, about to be extinguished at any time, he did not punish you!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Long Xu and the others indifferently. He gripped the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly in his hands. A burst of qi burst forth, and the empowered 【 Ascending Dragon Slaying 】 exploded at the same time. Coupled with the pressure from the Dragon God's Bloodline that had evolved, the already shattered Dragon Lord and the severely injured Long Xu were pinned to the ground like loaches. No matter how they struggled, they could not get up.

"But I'm different!"

Hatred flashed across Qin Luo Sheng's eyes. "I'm a petty person, a petty person who will seek revenge for the smallest grievance. Three days ago, you guys pressed me down and rubbed me against the ground, killing me over a hundred times. Did you think that today, when our identities were reversed, an ant like me would stand up, while you guys would kneel down?"

The six dragons roared.

"Stop shouting. If shouting could solve the problem, then there wouldn't have been an ambush!"

Qin Luo dug his ears and said disdainfully, "I've said it before. I'm going to make you regret it so much that you'll wish you were dead. My life is in exchange for the lives of your loved ones. I've been killed more than a hundred times by you guys. I don't know if a hundred dragons died when I killed your three direct lineages just now. I don't care either. It's fine if it's less. I'm a magnanimous person. If it's more, then I'm sorry. Just treat it as compensation for my mental damage!"

Everyone:…

"Kill me a hundred times, and I'll slaughter your family!"

Qin Luo Sheng spoke in a deep voice, "I've said these words to Long Yin three days ago. He's dead and I've killed him myself. Now, I'll repeat these words to you guys as well. Unfortunately, your family is already dead and can't hear you anymore. It's alright. After you go to hell, bring it over personally. It's the same if you tell them."

"You devil!"

His words made Long Xu, who had always been calm, break his defense and curse loudly.

"Devil? Devil? Excellent praise!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a warm smile on his face. Not only was he indifferent to Long Xu and the others' insults, he even praised them.

"Let's go! Remember, don't be used by others in your next life."

Qin Luo Sheng raised his butcher knife.

"Despicable brat!"

On the Terrifying Dragon Platform, the faces of the Dragon Emperors were ashen, as black as the bottom of a pot. However, they did not dare to voice their anger.

Who dared to move?

Just now, when their colleagues went down, it was a living example!

Many dragons had seen it with their own eyes. Right beside them, under their horrified gazes, those who had participated in this matter, or those who had been implicated by their family’s disdainful descendants, had their bloodline stripped away, turning from a true dragon into a snake, a snake that hadn’t even activated its intelligence.

That man.

What a lunatic.

Angering him!

Who knew what kind of crazy things he would do?

If the Dragon God's will descended again, it was unknown if the entire Dragon Island still existed.

‘ What?’

They were descendants of the dragon race?

Even a vicious tiger would not eat its cubs?

Don’t be ridiculous.

Don't use mortal thoughts to speculate on the thoughts of gods.

Besides.

The Dragon God roamed the universe's starry sky and had existed since the birth of the universe. He was an innate god, an ancient god. Who knew how many places of life there were in the vast universe and how many existences of the dragon race there were?

them.

He was just a descendant left behind by the Dragon God on the Fate Continent.

A branch?

No!

Maybe.

Not even a branch.

Enraging the Dragon God was a heinous crime.

If they provoked the Dragon God to descend a second time, that brat would also be criticized, but they were completely eradicated by the Dragon God in a rage. Even if they hated that brat, he was also killed by the Dragon God, so what was the point?

The Dragon race was no longer around!

They were all dead!

"Stop!"

Yet.

The Dragon Emperor and the others did not dare, but Long Yuan did.

Since he was already on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, he could either kill or be killed. Without a third option, what did he, Long Yuan, not dare to do?

This matter.

It was all because of him.

If he didn’t step out now, even if he won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena, what would he, Long Yuan, do in the future?

In summary,

He had to bear the greatest responsibility for the deaths of so many true dragons!

The annihilation of three direct lineages did not mean that the entire lineage was gone. After all, even if the direct line was gone, there were still the collateral lineages. Even if the collateral lineages were gone, there was still the race.

He was the king of the Black Dragon race.

But dragons.

Not only the Black Dragon Clan.

The Golden Dragon Tribe, Green Dragon Tribe, Fire Dragon Tribe, Water Dragon Tribe…

His Black Dragon Clan had caused many dragon race branches to suffer heavy losses. What would happen to those greedy fellows?

If he could restrain the common enemy of the entire dragon race and stop that demon-like human from continuing to commit murder, he could at least add some points, right?

Besides.

Among the six dragons Qin Sheng wanted to kill, there was also his younger brother from Dragon Abyss. He had long been internally designated as the next Dragon King of the Black Dragon Clan, Long Zhan!

Whether it was public or private.

He, Long Yuan, had to step forward.

"Get lost!"