Chapter 723: Bloodline Deprivation, Death Of The Dragon Race

The entire Dragon City was shrouded by a boundless dragon might that could crush the sky.

Terrifying Dragon Platform.

He bore the brunt of it.

In the sky.

Two indescribable azure dragon eyes suddenly appeared. Like the Eye of Heavenly Punishment, they stood high above and overlooked all living beings.

The world was trembling because of him!

Who was he?

Dragon God!

A wisp of the Dragon God’s will!

The dragons knelt.

The Dragon Kings also knelt down.

Even the Dragon Emperor was kneeling on the ground.

No matter who it was, regardless of whether they were strong or weak, they were all prostrating on the ground in the massive Dragon City.

Today.

Their god had arrived!

Not just dragons.

Even the powerful beings from the other races who had come to attend the ceremony were all kneeling on the ground.

In front of the innate god, the Dragon God of the ancient gods, even if it was just a wisp of his will, it was definitely not something ordinary people could contend against.

Even the arrogant golden-winged roc, who was not on good terms with the dragon race, retracted its wings and knelt on the ground. It looked very obedient.

At this moment.

The entire world.

All that was left was the boundless great will and the dragon eyes that contained the annihilation of the universe, the fall of the stars, the evolution of civilization, and the vicissitudes of life.

Terrifying!

Terrifying!

"Who awakened my will?"

The Dragon God's ancient voice once again resounded in everyone's ears.

But no one dared to respond.

Even if it was Qin Luo who was the leader.

It was the same.

What a joke.

Wouldn't he be courting death if he went out now?

This was the Dragon God!

He was not that bunch of trash-like upper echelons of the dragon race, nor was he the Dragon Emperor who was afraid to shoot the rat for fear of breaking the vases!

Jumping in front of trash was one thing, but jumping in front of the Dragon God?

He he…

Still.

No one else dared to do so.

To be precise.

There was a dragon. He dared!

"Ang…"

A tiny, high-pitched dragon's roar almost scared Qin Luo out of his wits.

Oh my!

E, y, y, y, y.

I have a bad heart.

Don't scare me!

Even though the Dragon God was summoned by me using the [Dragon God Command] as a medium to consume the Dragon God’s Scales as energy and use you as a bridge,

But what kind of existence was the Dragon God?

For such a small matter, he only needed to move his divine sense slightly to know the cause and effect. There was no need to talk to him. This was too f*cking exciting. My heart couldn't take it.

This was a True God!

Innate God!

Ancient God!

A ruthless person who brought the dragon race to the position of the overlord of the world!

He was far from a weakling like the Naga God who could even fight the second generation True Dragon!

Not to mention a piece of trash like me.

In such an environment, even the Dragon Emperor, whose strength had already reached the pinnacle, had already absorbed a drop of the Dragon God's blood in his body. His bloodline had evolved, and he had a slight connection with the Dragon God. He also knelt on the ground respectfully. Firstly, his strength did not allow him to stand, and secondly, he could only kneel in front of the Dragon God.

What right do I have?

It's already good enough that you can stand under your protection. How dare you go up and talk to him directly?

Did he not know how to write the word "death"?!!

"Ang…"

Completely ignoring the frantic transmission of Qin Sheng's will, Xiaoxiao let out another resounding dragon roar. She raised her head and looked at the Dragon God in the sky without showing any fear.

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

He had a mental breakdown!

Xiaoxiao.

Are you in Gan?

Even if you hatched from the Dragon God's legacy treasure and had an unusual relationship with the Dragon God, it was not made this way!

"I know that you're extremely mysterious and completely different from the other dragons. Your bloodline is even more noble. You're a few levels higher than the publicly acknowledged Golden Dragon Clan. Moreover, you're born with the ability to control the power of seven elements. You're definitely not an ordinary dragon."

Maybe.

They were the descendants of the Dragon God.

But.

I'm very panicked that you're going directly against the Dragon God!

"No, this matter started because of me. How can I cower here and let Xiaoxiao stand up for me?"

Qin Luo Sheng clenched his fists tightly and abruptly took a deep breath. He raised his head and forcefully endured the omnipresent Dragon God’s might that filled the heaven and earth. He steeled his heart and prepared to join the battle to ‘open up’the Dragon God with Xiaoxiao.

"Ang…"

At this moment.

Xiaoxiao let out a dragon roar for the third time.

Qin Qin Sheng suddenly paused.

He, whose mind was in a mess just now and who was intimidated by the divine dragon, didn't care at all.

But now…

After calming down, he understood the small dragon's roar.

Was he talking?

Ancient Dragon Language!

The ancient dragon language from the ancient times!

A small dragon's roar carried it!

Not many people in the Dragon Clan knew this ancient dragon language, especially the younger generation. Perhaps they had never even heard of it.

How did Qin Luo Sheng know?

It was also because of fate!

Back in Moonlight Forest, in the cabin of the necro-digging necrophiliac, he had learned it from the precious books that the necro-digging necrophiliac had stolen from all over the place. He had also made use of his superior perception to become proficient!

Thus…

In addition, he had a bloodline contract with Xiaoxiao. They were telepathically connected, so he could naturally understand the meaning of the dragon's roar.

After some maneuvering.

Qin Luo was elated.

F*ck, was there anything better than a complaint?

Especially.

It was one of their own!

On the contrary.

The Dragon Emperor and the Dragon Elders, as well as the upper echelons of the Dragon race who knew the Ancient Dragon Language, all suffered a mental breakdown.

Tsk!

Who bullies dragons like you?

Not only did he fail to defeat the parents, but he even went to the teachers and the principal?

How evil is your uncle's intention?

But what could they say?

I dare not say it! I dare not say it!

Buzz…

The darkness did not last long, but the Dragon Monarch and the others felt as if a century had passed. Their bodies and minds were tormented.

"Punish!"

A golden word suddenly appeared.

It was just like the 'suppress' character that was manifested by the Human Emperor's Edict. It was filled with special energy.

The 'punishment' word transformed into a stream of light and entered the bodies of Long Xu and the other six sin dragons that were bound by chains.

In an instant.

Countless lights flickered.

In Dragon City.

Some were outside Dragon City.

Some were on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Without exception.

These glowing fellows were the direct descendants of the dozen or so true dragons that had ambushed Qin Luo.

Under the will of the Dragon God, even the Dragon King was like an ant.

True Dragon.

Horned dragon.

Flood Dragon.

Viper.

Python.

Snake.

…

Degeneration!

Infinite degeneration!

The most pitiful was still the Dragon King level. After being deprived of the true dragon bloodline, its strength had plummeted. Under the gazes of everyone who had lost their courage, the originally majestic dragon headed west, west of the western sky, and never returned.

In just a few seconds.

From a mighty True Dragon, he had become the most inferior snake in the world.

An indescribable panic swept the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Especially the Dragon race seats.

This wasn’t just stripping away one’s bloodline, what was even more terrifying was degeneration!

From a dragon that roamed the nine heavens to a snake without any intelligence.

Such a difference.

Who could accept this?

This was the most terrifying punishment!

It was even more terrifying than falling into the nine nether purgatory!