Chapter 726: Half-Legendary, Terrifying Dragon Abyss

"Domain: Endless Abyss!"

Black energy surged forth like the power of darkness, enveloping the entire Terrifying Dragon Arena in just a few breaths.

"A big move?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression remained unchanged.

Domain was the standard for powerful people. He had already experienced it countless times. There was nothing special about it and he was not surprised.

Except.

He didn't expect Long Yuan to be so crazy. He was the king of explosions at the start of the game. Did he know how to play cards?

“Brat, I will crush all the bones in your body bit by bit. I will torture you to death and avenge my brother!”

Long Yuan's face was filled with hatred.

"Is that so?" Qin Luo said, "If you can do it, come and try!"

Probing skill!

Dragon Abyss (Half-Legendary Boss)

Level: 34

Health Points: 34000000 / 1000000

Mana: 8500000 / 35000000

Physical Attack: 420000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 10,000,000

Magic Defense: 800000

Speed: 120,000

Skills:???

Introduction: Dragon Abyss, Black Dragon Clan, Dragon King of the Dragon Clan. He ruled over the Black Dragon Clan and held a high position and authority. His strength was tyrannical. He once fought against the world with the previous Dragon Emperor and made countless contributions. Later on, due to the failure of the war between the human race and the dragon race, he suffered a reckoning. Coincidentally, he failed to fight for the position of the Dragon Emperor with the current Dragon Emperor, Long Ye. As a result, he was marginalized and left Dragon Island in anger. He went to the bottom of the Soul Burial Abyss to guard the Dragon God's treasure and did not appear for a thousand years!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Shit?

What the heck was this?

The information sent back by the detection technique made Qin Sheng's scalp tingle.

Myth.

Although it was only a half-step myth, it was still related to the word "myth"!

Look! Look!

What kind of immortal attribute was this?

Health Points: 34 million?

Physical Attack: 420,000?

The physical defense amounted to a million?

His magic defense was as high as 800,000?

The speed was absurdly six digits. A total of 120,000?

This was f*cking fun?

"Hiss…"

Qin Luo Sheng sucked in a breath of cold air. He was no longer as calm as before. His eyes were filled with shock. "Is this the difficulty of the SSS mission? Isn't it too f*cking ridiculous? Tsk!"

He was going all out!

He had to give it his all!

If Qin Luosheng still had the slightest intention of keeping it a secret and prepared to give Long Yuan a surprise at the critical juncture, there was nothing left now!

Even a lion would use its full strength to hunt a rabbit!

Besides,

Now he was the rabbit.

Hiding my abilities?

Did he not know how to write the word 'death'?

Fortunately.

Fortunately, the operation just now, personally exterminating Long Zhan in front of Long Yuan, made this fellow who was suspected to have a brother complex a little go berserk, wanting to torture him crazily. Otherwise, with just this strength, if he wanted to kill him, he would already be long gone.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Heart of Courage!"

“Undying Battle Will!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

“Feng Xing!”

"Ice Skin!"

"Jade Bone!"

"Super Dimension!"

“God domain!”

"Sacred Flame!"

“Blood Seething!”

"Heart of Honor!"

“Spirit of the Flower Goddess!”

“Dragon Blood Burning Death!”

The light on Qin Luo's body flickered wildly.

At this moment.

He was truly unreserved.

Not only did he give him these augmentation skills, but he also added in all the equipment and supplementary skills he had on him. Even though the upgrade was very weak, as long as he could upgrade anything, it would increase his chances of winning.

The skill enhancement was completed.

The potion talisman was also arranged.

Facing an unprecedented enemy.

The Black Dragon King was at the highest level of the Legendary-realm. He was a big shot who was half a step into the Legendary-realm. Furthermore, he was from the dragon race. How could he dare to be careless?

"Life Creation Talisman!"

"Spiritual Energy Activation Talisman!"

“Potential Awakening Talisman!”

Qin Luo had used up all three talismans that Zhang Daoming had given him without any hesitation or reservations.

"You…"

The ant suddenly transformed into a giant dragon.

Sensing the strength that Qin Sheng was brimming with right now, Long Yuan was stunned to the extreme.

"Come, Long Yuan!”

Opening his stats window, Qin Luo Sheng looked at his terrifying stats. Other than being unable to defeat 100% of his Life Magic, his defense was also lacking. His attack and speed had surpassed Long Yuan.

The scales of victory were already beginning to tip towards him!

"Arrogant!"

Long Yuan was furious, especially when he saw the contempt in Qin Luo's eyes. He was on the verge of going berserk. "Don't think that you can win just because you've temporarily increased your strength with external help. You can't win against me!"

"It's useless to say anything more!"

Qin Sheng did not want to waste even a second of such precious time and effort in his peak condition. Even with the Spirit Qi Activation Talisman and 80% CD for all his skills, he did not want to waste even a second.

Especially.

Skills like Dragon Blood Burnt, Flower God's Spirit, Heart of Honor, and so on were calculated by the heavens. Unless 100% of the cooldowns were cleared, this battle could only be used once, and it was not something to be wasted.

"Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly shook the two swords in his hands. He stopped in his tracks and charged forward like a thunderbolt. He actually took the initiative to attack Long Yuan.

"Dragon Might!"

A tremendous dragon might was unleashed.

In an instant.

Long Yuan, who was about to face the enemy, stiffened as his eyes flickered with panic.

-6800000!

A massive seven-digit damage exploded above Dragon Abyss's head.

20% forced attribute reduction.

Almost seven million health points were taken away.

It was eye-catching!

"Slash!"

The sword fell heavily.

A true Mythical weapon, not a half-step Mythical divine weapon, Coiling Dragon Li Water, was top-notch in terms of grade and sharpness. Even Dragon Abyss, Dragon King, and Black Dragon Scale—which was best at defense—were unable to stop it.

Zizizi…

The sharp edge of the sword collided with the dragon scales, creating intense sparks.

The sword edge didn't break through Long Yuan's dragon scales defense, but it also left a shallow white mark on his incomparably thick dragon scales!

And.

There was no problem with the edge of the sword. It was not blunt, nor did it have a curved blade. It was as cold and sharp as before.

-384480!

A damage of 380,000 appeared above Long Yuan's head.

"One strike, nearly 40W damage?"

Qin Luo's cold eyes were like lightning.

"The defense of Dragon Abyss is far more than the one million points on the interface! Just like the strength of a Boss, it is far from being able to be directly explained by its attributes!"

With a tap of his toes, Qin Sheng retreated rapidly. Relying on his crushing speed, he easily dodged Long Yuan's counterattack. "One million interface defense plus the defense of the dragon scales, this is simply despairing! Fortunately, the Dragon's Might has decreased by 20%. In addition to the [Ascending Dragon Slaying], it is a great deterrent to the dragon race. Not only has it weakened Long Yuan's abilities by 20%, it also has an additional 5 times damage."

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

…

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

————

PS1: Super Dimension: After activation, the Magic Attack will increase by 100%. The Magic Critical Rate will increase by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS2: God's Domain: After activation, Magic Attack + X (Magic Attack * Class Advancement number * LV) points. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes! [Spiritual Wisdom Attack]

PS3: [Heart of Glory] has been depleted. As a hero of the empire, the emperor admires and desires the people. With the help of the destiny of the empire, it can strengthen one's body. When activated, all attributes will be + 100%, attack power + 100%, defense + 100%. Lasts for 5 minutes. Cooldown: One day!

P.S. 4: [Spirit of the Flower Goddess] is a flower goddess that has broken through her Godhood. Although her consciousness is gone, her energy is still there. After activation, all attributes will be + 100%, Health Points recovery speed will be + 30% per second, Mana recovery speed will be + 30% per second. Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS5: Life Creation Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can increase the user's health by 500% and increase the user's health recovery speed by 30%. Duration: 5 minutes!

PS6: Spiritual Energy Activation Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can give the user 80% CD reduction effect. Duration: 10 minutes!

PS7: Potential Awakening Talisman: Special Talisman. After using it, it can increase the user's attributes by 200%. Duration: 10 minutes! (Note: After using this Talisman, the user will enter a weakened state for a day)