Chapter 728: Regeneration

Long Chonglong.

The scene looked very shocking.

However…

Due to the fact that the Dragon Abyss was in human form, even though the impact of the dragon soul was huge and had three colors, it was still lacking in flavor.

Yet.

The meaning was less, but the damage would not be reduced.

5328000!

Five million damage was simply explosive.

The [Coiling Dragon Water] at the Mythical stage had been upgraded time again, and its dragon soul attack had become 1000% of its current damage. In other words, it dealt ten times the damage. It was extremely terrifying.

"Brat!"

Even with Dragon Abyss's speed, he was completely helpless against the freezing and gravity restriction. He took a vicious blow, and losing five million health points was nothing. Most importantly, the special effect of the Dragon Soul Assault was triggered.

Cripple!

Shock!

Fear!

The three effects were all extraordinary.

Long Yuan was unlucky enough to trigger one of the craziest ones.

Clang!

The black broadsword landed on the ground of the Terrifying Dragon Stage, emitting a clear clashing sound.

Long Yuan's right hand was broken!

Qin Luo's Dragon Soul Strike had triggered the Crippling effect. His entire right arm had been devoured by the tri-colored dragon-shaped energy shockwave, leaving not a single scrap behind.

"Domain Unbounded Regeneration!"

Long Yuan was enraged. He originally thought that it was a cat playing with a mouse, but he never imagined that not only was he at a disadvantage, he was even suppressed and beaten up. Now, he was even swaggered around in his territory by an ant in front of so many people, and he achieved something first and destroyed his right arm. How could he endure this?

"As expected, a bunch of idiots!"

Qin Luo couldn't help but grumble as he looked at Longyuan who had grown a brand new right arm after being shrouded by black energy.

There was nothing much to say about Qin Luo taking over the arm. This was a normal operation, so there was nothing strange about it.

But.

What the f*ck, regenerating a broken limb? This doesn't make sense, right?

Closely.

You are NPCs, you are BOSSes, can you openly cheat?

He could have whatever he wanted, right?

Dead.

I will revive!

Broken limbs.

I'll just be reborn!

Desperate.

I'll just use Wave Sweep!

Shameless?

Eh?

How shameless could they be?

It was fine if the domain was standardized.

There are one, two, three, four… I will endure it.

It wasn't easy for him to get rid of his weapon-wielding hand and gain the upper hand. You f*cking grew another hand for me in the blink of an eye. F*ck you!

“Second Order (Second Stage Profession) strength, I didn’t expect that a mere second stage ant could actually cause such great pressure to me. Even after using my domain, I was still suppressed by you. I must say, you are truly a monster!”

Long Yuan stretched out his hand and sucked up the broadsword that had fallen to the ground before holding it in his hand once more. He looked at Qin Sheng and said coldly, "However, you're still too inexperienced. You still don't have the qualifications to go against me, Long Yuan."

"Cut the crap! Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression turned cold. He had just recovered from the stiffness after using the Dragon Soul Shock technique and immediately slashed out with his sword, using actions to express his attitude.

"Are you tickling me?"

The violent sword Qi struck Long Yuan's body heavily, colliding with the tough scales and producing a heavy sound.

"Let's wait and see if it tickles."

Qin Sheng, who had already entered a state of mind and had become extremely sensitive due to various techniques such as the Dragon Blood Burning Death's madness, was completely unaffected by Long Yuan's trash talk.

Indeed.

To Long Yuan, who had a maximum health of 100 million at his peak state, even if his level was suppressed due to the agreement, just like Qin Sheng now, he was only level 34 and his health points had dropped to 34 million.

But.

Qin Luo Sheng's sword only dealt less than 400,000 damage. If it was the Epic [Dragon Slaying Sword] on the left, the damage would be even lower, not even half of [Coiling Dragon Water].

Being looked down upon and said as if it was itchy, there was no way to refute.

Yet.

So what?

Qin Luo Sheng did not panic at all.

Raindrop Pierces Rocks.

400,000 for one sword, 4,000,000 for 10 swords, 40,000,000 for 100 swords.

With his current attack speed and the dual-sword flow, if he wasn't disturbed, he could slash out five to six times in a second. Even if he was disturbed, he could still strike three times in a second to protect himself.

One hundred slashes, that was half a minute!

In addition, the damage to his left and right hands did not wait for many factors. He counted one minute.

One minute.

I can destroy you.

Why are you so proud?

Besides.

Previously, the Dragon's Aura reduced 20% of health, and the Absolute Corpse Poison would forcibly poison 20% of health in 20 seconds.

With only 60% health left, how long can Dragon Abyss last?

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

…

The more Qin Luo Sheng fought, the more he got into it and the more familiar he became.

Move, pull, dodge, counterattack, predict…

He had entered his peak. No, it was even stronger than his peak. It was as if he had entered a profound and extraordinary state.

Why?

In other words.

If it was a f*cking hack, or if it was a substitute player, it would be a substitute player.

His original gold strength had been raised to diamond level.

Simply.

"Brat, the game ends here!"

Long Yuan's strength was very terrifying. As the king of the Black Dragon Race, he was naturally not an easy person to deal with. However, Long Yuan's strength was mostly reflected in the physical body of the Black Dragon, which was far inferior to other dragons, as well as the abilities attached to his powerful physical body, such as defense, recovery, and vitality.

According to the players' terminology, Long Yuan was a simple Shield Warrior.

That's right.

Your Defense is very strong, and your max HP is very high. Naturally, you recover very quickly…

But so what?

Iron Han was the passive type. When he met an agile type, he was completely beaten up.

Especially Qin Sheng.

His speed was ridiculously fast, his attack range was ridiculously long, and his damage output was ridiculously high. He also had all kinds of abilities, and he didn’t have any pride as a powerhouse. His fighting style was extremely despicable, and no matter how despicable he was, he was still shameless to the extreme.

The strength of a Guardian!

It was a defense that made people despair, as well as a terrifying endurance.

If your defense is so strong that you don't break it, so what if I stand there and let you hit me?

Their endurance was so abnormal that they would tire themselves out. Even if they exhausted all their stamina and resources, they would not be able to kill them. On the other hand, they were constantly recovering. In fact, their recovery ability was even stronger than the damage they dealt. How were they supposed to play this game?

If it was in the wilderness, then so be it. If you can’t beat me, then I’ll just leave. In any case, you’re a lump of iron. There’s no way you can catch up to me. If I can’t do anything to you, then you can forget about keeping me.

But now…

This was a freaking arena battle!

Giving up meant admitting defeat.

If he admitted defeat, he would lose everything.

It was hopeless.

Fortunately.

The battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform did not happen.

The Dragon Abyss was very strong, and so was Qin Sheng.

Especially with the support of all these abnormal abilities, not only was he unable to do anything to this iron turtle, he even had the upper hand, suppressing Long Yuan.

Yet.

As the Black Dragon King, how could Long Yuan only have one outstanding ability?

The battle started at 34 seconds.

Finally.

Under Qin Luo's relentless efforts, Long Yuan's health points dropped to 30%!

"Domain: Black Dragon Armor!"

"Domain: Mighty Dragon Fury!"