Chapter 720: Resolution! Pressure! Establish Might!

"Wait!"

Just as the Dragon Slaying Sword was about to land, the Great General's hand was stopped by a sudden voice.

"Dragon Lord, what's your opinion?"

The Great General did not say anything, but the Dragon Emperor who was sitting high above spoke.

“May I ask the Dragon Monarch?”

Even if there were big shots all around, even if all the big shots' eyes were on him, even if the gazes of these existences were extremely oppressive, Qin Sheng did not show any signs of stage fright. Instead, he looked at the Dragon Emperor with a determined gaze and asked in a forceful tone, "How is the crime of attempting to destroy the relationship between the human race and the Dragon race and overturning the friendship between the two races?"

"…"

The Dragon Emperor's eyes narrowed imperceptibly. He, who possessed astounding intelligence, already knew what Qin Sheng was going to ask next. However, under the gazes of everyone present, and in front of the representatives of the various races as well, if it wasn't the decision-making hall of the Dragon race, he simply couldn't erupt, nor did he dare to.

"For his crimes, he shall be sentenced to ten thousand years in prison!"

"Very good!" Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head in satisfaction and asked again, "So what if it's a crime to ignore the Dragon Clan's rules and kill the Dragon Lord?"

"His crime is to be skinned, his tendons pulled out, his eyes cut off, his horns cut off, and thrown into the dragon tomb until he dies!"

"Very good!" Qin Sheng nodded again and asked, "Then what's the crime of disrespecting the Dragon God?"

The Dragon Monarch took a deep breath. Feeling the gazes from all around him, he replied with a gloomy tone, “His crimes should be punished!”

"Just be executed?"

Qin Luo asked in dissatisfaction.

"We shall strip him of his Dragon Bloodline, and his direct descendants shall be punished as well!"

The Dragon Emperor silently said.

“The Dragon Monarch is impartial!”

Qin Luo exclaimed in admiration. He ignored the gazes of the Dragon Clan's upper echelons that looked as if they wanted to eat him alive. He also ignored the Dragon Emperor's indifferent and warning gaze. He asked again, "Then, how should we deal with the punishment of multiple crimes?"

Silence.

Silence.

Endless silence.

At this moment.

Even the distinguished guests of the myriad races that had come to watch the ceremony didn’t dare speak. Even the young man from the Gold Winged Roc Clan that was the most hostile to the Dragon Clan put away his arrogant appearance and obediently shut his mouth.

He was arrogant, but not stupid.

Obviously.

Anyone with a brain could tell that the human ant that they did not care about was making use of his identity as the Dragon Lord to borrow power from the tens of thousands of races!

What was he doing?

Suppress the Dragon race!

"How ruthless!"

At this moment, the thoughts of all the experts changed.

Ask yourself.

Even they themselves did not dare to be as ruthless as the little fellow below who looked like he could be easily killed!

Not soft-hearted.

It was not like they said that one should spare others when possible.

Instead—

No!

Right.

They didn't dare.

Even a clay person would have some anger, let alone a proud dragon?

There were only six True Dragons left of the dozen or so that had invaded deep into Great Xia. Furthermore, the Dragon Pearl had shattered and was now completely crippled.

This was a true dragon! Moreover, it was the second generation that had high hopes placed on it. In the future, it might be the successor of the Dragon King of the major branches.

Now.

All gone.

How great of a loss was this?

Even if the middle layer was not broken, it was at least a great loss of elites. Even the overall strength of the dragon race was also affected and decreased a little.

The dragons had tried to steal a chicken only to end up losing the rice used to lure it. They were about to go crazy.

More excitement?

Was he tired of living? Did he really think that the dragon race was a soft persimmon that could be kneaded at will?

At that moment, even the Human Ruler, the emperor of the strongest clan on the continent, was the other party in this matter. Furthermore, he was the one who was in the right. He had already tacitly agreed to this matter.

Or maybe it was.

After obtaining some benefits, he had reached an agreement with the Dragon Emperor to kill these six useless trash in front of the entire continent. Thus, this matter was put to an end.

Even if.

According to the original situation, this should not have happened.

However, even though the dragon race was hostile, the rocs, phoenixes, and qilin races remained silent and did not dare to act rashly.

Why?

That was because the dragon race had already become insane with red eyes.

If they jumped up and down and were hated by the dragon race, it might cause the dragon race to fly into a rage out of humiliation and start a war immediately.

The war between races.

This was something no one was willing to easily open and face!

Yet.

Everyone thought it was over, but some were unwilling.

That's right.

It was the ant that everyone had been ignoring.

Him.

Unwilling!

"Dragon Lord, what are you going to do?"

The Dragon Monarch’s tone was as indifferent as it was in the past, but everyone present was smart enough to hear the anger and panic in his voice, even though it was weak.

"There are three attackers from the Black Dragon Tribe, one from the Fire Dragon Tribe, one from the White Dragon Tribe, one from the Water Dragon Tribe, and one from the Wind Dragon Tribe…”

Qin Luo counted seriously. "It covers the ten branches of the dragon race, so why is it so uniform? Moreover, the attackers are all true dragons, the Dragon King's children or nephews. Why is that? Dragon Emperor, please teach me!"

Dragon Monarch: “…”

Teach you?

I'll teach you a f * * k!

How am I supposed to teach you?

Wasn't it obvious?

"The mastermind behind this matter is the Dragon King of those branches you mentioned!

"Since the Dragon Emperor doesn't say it explicitly, then I, the Dragon Lord, will do it for you!"

Qin Luo Sheng kept mentioning "Dragon Lord" three times. He was clearly trying to use his power to suppress others. "Who is the sinner between a saber and a person who uses a saber? With everyone's wisdom and martial prowess, you should understand, right?"

All the big shots:…

Ruthless!

How ruthless!

He was trying to kill the dragon race!

The moment he said that.

He directly pulled down the cover that everyone knew but did not dare to say!

Him.

Weeping.

He wanted to pursue the matter to the end.

He wanted to pull down those masterminds.

Madness.

Definitely crazy.

Not only did he seek revenge for the smallest grievance, he was extremely insane as well. He was like a Taotie that was devouring the heavens, and he intended to eat all his enemies in one go without letting a single one go.

"I'll give you a chance here!"

Qin Luo Sheng's cold gaze swept across the high ranking members of the dragon race who were seated in the Dragon race's seating area with various expressions. "If you step forward now, this Dragon Lord might consider lenient punishment. But if some people think that it's flawless and have the mentality of getting lucky, then don't blame me for being merciless!"

"Brat!"

A group of Dragon Kings, Division Heads, Elders, and so on were fuming at Qin Sheng's disrespectful words. If not for the Dragon Emperor's earth-shattering aura that had suddenly erupted and intimidated them, there might have already been quite a number of irascible brothers who had gone down directly.

"Good lad, I like it!"

The Dragon Tribe was seething with rage and killing intent. On the other hand, the humans were overjoyed, especially the forthright man. He was full of praise and admiration.

"He's establishing his authority!"

The old Daoist priest smiled and stroked his beard.

"As expected of the person His Majesty values, the hero specially instructed by Lord Marshal!"

The Dragon Slaying Great General's determined face also revealed a satisfied expression. "This is the pride of the Human Race, the will of the Human Race, and the spirit of the Human Race! So what if you're from the Dragon Race? I'm not afraid of you!"