Chapter 729: Chapter 727:… Three, Two, One, Explode!

The domain displayed its ability once again!

Unlike the Bosses he had encountered before, the Dragon Abyss Domain did not possess any lethality. The only suppression force was because Qin Sheng himself possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon and was of a higher level than him, so it was completely ineffective.

Still.

This did not mean that Long Yuan's domain was useless.

In a word.

Black energy rose, forming a black dragon armor with spikes on it.

Black Dragon Armor!

At the same time.

A resounding dragon's roar could be seen with the naked eye. Layers of sound waves rippled like water, manifesting into a dragon phantom in the sky and spreading rapidly towards Qin Sheng.

Mighty Dragon Fury!

"Ding… You have been attacked by Mighty Dragon's Fury. All attributes have been reduced by 20%. You have been stunned for 5 seconds!"

"Ding… Due to the influence of [Courage], you are no longer under the control of the mental type. 5 seconds of dizziness is ineffective!"

Two system prompts rang out in Qin Luo's ears.

F*ck!

Qin Luo immediately gritted his teeth.

This ability was really hard to guard against.

Who could withstand the sound waves?

Not to mention being defenseless, even if one was on guard, could one's speed surpass the speed of sound transmission?

Basically, once the skill was used, it would hit.

Fortunately.

It was fortunate that Qin Sheng had the [Courage Medal] and was immune to spiritual control. Otherwise, who knew how many times he would have died from 5 seconds of dizziness.

Still.

Even though he was not controlled, his attributes were reduced by 20%. It was very fatal.

Originally, as a Second Stage Professional, Qin Sheng was able to fight on par with a half-step Mythical big shot like Long Yuan. In fact, due to his ability that was similar to a Shield Specialist, he was able to gain the upper hand. He relied on more than ten augmentation skills, together with many elixirs and talismans, and his explosive attributes.

Now.

The superimposed attributes were reduced by one-fifth!

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression turned extremely ugly. He wanted to use Yimu Resuscitation to forcefully remove this DEBUFF and return to his peak state, but he still held back.

The situation was not critical yet. He had to keep this trump card.

Long Yuan definitely had more than one life.

Even though he had recovered to his peak and killed Long Yuan, no one knew what kind of strange abilities he would use when he revived after his death.

Without the BUG-like recovery ability of the Yimu Resuscitation, he might be restrained.

Probing.

Physical Defense: 1,800,000

Magic Defense: 1640000

Qin Sheng:…

What the heck?

His f*cking defense had doubled?

What kind of armor is so powerful?

If not for the effect of the Dragon's Aura, which was weakened by 20% just now, he would have 2 million Physical Defense and 1.8 million Magic Defense.

"F*ck you!"

Qin Luo's face turned green.

This doubling of defense was not due to the damage that was less than 400,000 just now. It was reduced by half to less than 200,000. Instead, it was—Unbreakable Defense!

That's right!

‘ It just doesn’t break the defense.’

When one’s defensive power was much higher than one’s offensive power, one would be unable to break through the defense.

In other words.

Right now, Qin Luo's damage to Longyuan was either MISS or 1 point, forcefully deducting a little of his health points.

Why was the difference so great?

It was merely doubling his defense!

That was because…

Previously, a casual sword strike could cause 400,000 points of damage. It wasn't that Qin Luo Sheng's physical attack was so impressive. It surpassed Dragon Abyss's defense by 1,000,000 points and reached nearly 1.4 million points.

Instead, his attacks were superimposed.

The most representative aspect was penetration, the kind that ignored physical defense, and restraint. The [Ascending Dragon Slaying] had a special restraining effect on dragons.

But.

Too many.

The defensive power of the Dragon Abyss now far surpassed his offensive power.

In the face of absolute power, all schemes were useless.

Same reason.

In the face of absolute defense, all fancy tricks were useless.

"F*ck, if only [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] was still here!"

Qin Luo was enraged.

In the present situation, even the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] of a Mythical weapon was far inferior to the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] of the Epic stage. This was because attack power and skills were secondary. The most important thing was its characteristics.

Coincidentally.

The special characteristic of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], [Army Breaker], was a godly defensive skill!

The attack had the effect of breaking and penetrating. It was simply brutal.

The defense of the Dragon Abyss was close to two million, so what if it was twenty million?

Penetration could ignore defense!

Broken was even more impressive. It could cut you into two. So what if your defense was high?

Unfortunately.

Last time, during the encirclement of the Flying Bear Mountain, his equipment had exploded. The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was one of the items that had been dropped. Even though he had later killed a group of enemies and killed some people who were so stupid that they were beyond redemption, he did not drop his equipment on the Virtual Exchange Platform to avoid danger. However, he had been killed by Long Yin and the others over a hundred times without leaving a single strand of hair behind.

The Heart-Protecting Mirror, a life-saving Spiritual Treasure, was something that Luo Li had picked up and returned to him!

"How is it, despair?"

Long Yuan sneered as he looked at Qin Sheng, who had never stopped attacking like a mad dog. "Under the absolute defense of my Black Dragon Clan, after spending ten thousand years and using a piece of my clan's Black Dragon Scale to refine the Black Dragon Armor, your soft attacks can't even harm a single hair of mine!"

Qin Sheng:…

"It's over!"

Long Yuan continued to mock him. "You can be proud of yourself. With your weak strength, it's not easy for you to last for half a minute. In today's battle, your soul-wrenching name will spread throughout the world. Even if you die… it will be glorious!"

"You really like to boast!"

A treacherous smile suddenly appeared on Qin Luo's lips.

“What do you mean?”

Long Yuan frowned. He had a bad feeling about this.

"What I mean is, do you really think you can win with your meager abilities?"

Qin Luo replied.

"Weiming's capability?"

Long Yuan's expression was slightly unsatisfied, and his eyes narrowed slightly as he said, "I want to see how you're going to break my insignificant ability!… Even though I'm surprised that you're unaffected by the Mighty Dragon's Fury, I can understand. After all, you possess the bloodline of the True Dragon in your body, and it was bestowed upon you by the Dragon God himself. Moreover, it was bestowed upon you by the Dragon God's Blood to evolve. However, my Black Dragon Clan has always been renowned for our physical bodies, and the entire world knows about it. Use whatever tricks you have, I want to see how you break my armor!”

"Don't worry!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his hand and stopped Long Yuan from speaking. Under his puzzled expression, his lips moved slightly as he said, "…Three, two, one, explode!"

"Brat, what are you playing at…"

Long Yuan frowned.

Yet.

Before he could finish his angry words, suddenly, a wave of reverse blood rushed out from his internal organs.

"Pfft…"