Chapter 725: Battle Begins!

"Get lost!"

Qin Luo Sheng spat out a word coldly and said disdainfully, "Who the hell do you think you are? You are a sinner. You relied on your relationship with the Terrifying Dragon Arena to forcefully avoid being punished. What face do you have to speak now?"

Long Yuan: "You…"

"What about you? Did I say anything wrong?" Qin Sheng said, "Don't forget that you're not the Black Dragon King now, but a Dragon of Sin. Just sit quietly by the side and watch me perform. It'll be your turn later. Now, get lost. Don't delay my execution!"

Long Yuan:…

"This is between us, why implicate the innocent?"

Long Yuan did not give up. He glared at Qin Nan with his dragon eyes and said furiously, "If you try to pull back now, I, Long Yuan, swear that I will spare your life!”

"Spare my life? Hahaha…"

Qin Luo roared with laughter. "You'd better take care of yourself first! Do you really think your Dragon Abyss can beat me?"

Long Yuan was stunned.

You're a f*cking Level 34 weakling, but I'm the Black Dragon King, a Level 100 boss. Can't beat you?

"You don't know how to appreciate favors!"

Long Yuan's expression was gloomy to the extreme. Looking at his younger brother Long Zhan who was lying on the ground trembling under the dragon might activated by [Ascending Dragon Slaying] and the Dragon God's blood, his dragon eyes instantly became bloodshot.

"Slash!"

The Dragon Pearl was shattered, and his entire body was covered in wounds. In addition, he had been captured alive and brought to the Imperial City. He had been tortured along the way, and it was even possible that he had been tampered with by the Human Emperor or the military.

Partly.

A minute ago, he had witnessed his family being tortured. The huge ups and downs had accelerated the decline of his life.

For now.

He was hanging on by a thread.

In such a state, Le Le's extreme restraint, the sharpness of the divine weapon, Qin Luo's easy chopping, and the decapitation of his head.

Instantly.

A head flew into the air.

Blood was everywhere.

Tears streamed down the Stage of the Shocking Dragon.

"Long Shen!"

In the Dragon Clan’s seating area, a dragon cried out loudly and fainted.

"Next!"

Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly tossed the dragon blood on the edge of the Coiling Dragon Water onto the Terrifying Dragon Platform. It overlapped with the blood traces left behind by that dragon who knew how long it had existed. Then, step by step, he walked towards the next dragon.

Another slash!

Long Chuan had fallen!

Another slash!

The Dragon's End had fallen!

Five consecutive slashes!

Qin Luo raised his sword once more and repeated the action of spilling his blood. He ignored the hatred in Long Xu's beautiful dragon eyes that had lost their spirit light and walked towards the last dragon step by step.

The leader of the assassins from Furious Bears Ridge!

The next Dragon King of the Black Dragon Tribe!

Not far away, the brother of Long Yuan was standing there with a livid expression!

Long Zhan!

"Any last words?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at Long Yuan before turning his gaze to Long Zhan.

"You will die a horrible death!"

Long Zhan gritted his teeth.

“That’s it?”

Qin Qin Sheng's expression did not change. "I'll give you another chance to organize your words. If you have anything to say, say it quickly. This is my final mercy!"

Mercy?

He had been watching this far exceeding his expectations with incomparable astonishment. Even though he had already understood Qin Sheng's astonishing words, he still couldn't help but grimace when he heard these two words.

How shameless!

Are you related to this word?

Huh?

Do you have any self-awareness?

How thick-skinned must one be to say such words without blushing?

As long as I'm not embarrassed, the awkward one is someone else?

"You…"

Obviously.

Not only were the VIPs watching the battle outside the Terrifying Dragon Arena about to vomit, the people involved, Long Zhan and Long Yuan, were even directly stunned on the spot, stunned.

"I curse you, I curse you!"

Long Zhan already had some mentality of breaking down. At this moment, he completely collapsed. Under the overlapping of countless painful experiences, he completely went mad. Like a vicious dog, he madly bared his teeth at Qin Sheng and cursed with extreme viciousness. "You will die a horrible death. You will suffer all kinds of suffering in the world. You will experience the world's most extreme despair. You will taste all the sorrows in the world… You will degenerate into a demon. You will die without mourning. You will save your family and friends, but you will not be able to. You will watch helplessly as they die, turning into evil spirits from hell. You will become an Asura, slaughtering your race and destroying your country. You will personally turn your home into a purgatory. You will be unable to free yourself for eternity. You will never be redeemed!"

The entire place fell silent.

Only Long Zhan's extremely vicious curse sounded endlessly, shaking everyone's hearts.

"I will watch over you in hell!"

Long Zhan's eyes were bleeding. His eyes were filled with venomous hatred. Blood-curdling cries echoed endlessly.

“Really?”

Qin Qin Sheng was silent for a moment before he suddenly swung his sword.

A precise and elegant sword slashed down.

A familiar slash.

Long Zhan carried endless resentment as his corpse separated.

Life force, annihilation.

"I'll be waiting!"

Standing beside Long Zhan's corpse, Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly looked at the headless dragon's corpse. Blood flowed and stained the Terrifying Dragon Platform as he spat out three words.

"Brother!"

Long Yuan knelt down, looking at Long Zhan's headless corpse with lifeless eyes. Hot hot tears flowed down from his eyes. "Crying... soul!"

“I’m here.”

Qin Luo asked coldly, "What can I do for you?"

"I will definitely turn you into ashes!"

Long Yuan slowly straightened his body. His aura was in a mess, and the way he was gnashing his teeth was clearly filled with hatred to the extreme. Even his most basic control was in chaos.

"Bring it on!"

Qin Luo Sheng wielded the two swords, his aura still vigorous and overflowing with battle intent, just like when he had walked the 9,999 steps and condensed his aura and battle intent to the extreme.

"Dragon Lord, do you have anything else to add?"

The Dragon Monarch, who was sitting on the throne, suppressed his emotions and asked.

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep look at the seats of the dragon race filled with hatred. The corner of his mouth revealed a sneer without leaving a trace, but he did not continue to provoke these guys. He shook his head, indicating that there was nothing else.

"In that case, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform begins now!”

The Dragon Emperor impatiently issued an order.

Originally.

He rather admired Qin Luo Sheng. After all, he was a person favored by the Dragon God. As the Dragon Emperor, he was also the Dragon Emperor who was ordered to be closer to the human race in times of danger. In addition, Qin Luo had traded the Dragon God's blood with Qin Luo, helping him raise the purity of his bloodline and increase his strength.

This could be considered a favor.

But.

This time, it was too much.

The Dragon Emperor never expected that this stubborn brat would not even give him any face. It was fine if he looked down on him, the Dragon Emperor, but what about the Human Emperor? Did he not even put the Human Emperor in his eyes?

GDX!

One wave almost destroyed the dragon race.

If the Dragon God was not in a good mood, their Dragon Island might have been wiped out by now.

Even so.

The dragon race also suffered heavy casualties this time. Three of the true dragons who were the cornerstones of the dragon race were crippled.

His strength had plummeted and his vitality had been greatly damaged!

How much she admired him back then was how much she hated him now.

Originally, he had wanted to use Qin Luo Sheng's hands to educate the disobedient Dragon King Long Yuan and even use Long Yuan's life to achieve the goal of striking the tiger with the mountain and shaking the tiger. He wanted to make some fellows who were taking advantage of their seniority not to challenge the authority of the Dragon Emperor.

But now?

The Dragon Monarch immediately jumped backwards!

He could not wait to swallow Qin Sheng alive.

This scourge.

If he did not resolve this as soon as possible, the dragon race might be destroyed by his hands!

"Brat, hand over your life!"

Long Yuan, who had long been unable to endure it, let out a sharp dragon roar the moment the Dragon Monarch announced it.

A ball of pitch-black energy surged forth.

In an instant.

It covered the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform.

"Domain: Endless Abyss!"

————

Author’s Note: Kawen, pain. I had to hold it in for a long time before I managed to get this point out. Wait for me to properly organize Qin Sheng’s current abilities and props tomorrow. I’ll slightly plan out the battle scene and combat content. Even if my writing skills are very good, I want to do my best to write this turning battle properly. I don’t dare to ask for anything. After all, I’m just updating my crotch. I only hope that everyone will lightly spit at me and forgive me. Thank you!