Chapter 722: Arrival Of The True God, Prominent Divine Dragon

The Dragon Monarch’s expression turned ugly.

Even with his shrewdness, he could no longer keep his emotions in check.

Unexpectedly.

Qin Luo Sheng did not give him face at all.

At least.

Back then, their relationship was pretty good.

There was also the recent transaction.

The transaction of the Dragon God's blood.

How to put it.

He, the mighty Dragon Monarch, had already given him enough face by acting so humble. Furthermore, he had also agreed to give him a satisfactory explanation afterwards.

Plus.

The Dragon Slaying Great General who represented the Human Emperor had also made it clear that this matter would end here.

What was there to be dissatisfied about?

Indeed.

The dragon race was in the wrong.

If it were him, being surrounded and killed for no reason at all, and being tortured madly, nearly having his soul shattered, he would also be furious.

But.

A wise man submits to circumstances.

It had already happened. There was no turning back.

What smart people did was naturally to get compensation and get real profits. That was the way to go.

Who would be like a brute and fight to the end?

This.

He had not only offended the dragon race, but also the human emperor!

If both sides did not get along well and did not get any benefits, it was equivalent to only venting one's anger and offending both sides. What was the point of suffering from jealousy afterwards?

Even an idiot wouldn't choose!

Yet.

Qin Luo did so.

That was the choice.

He was just that reckless!

The Dragon Monarch felt a headache coming on.

He was truly stumped and didn't know what to do.

Even though the Dragon Emperor knew very well that they could not fall into a trap and allow Qin Sheng to insist that they did not respect the Dragon God and lost the prestige of the dragon race, causing the thousands of races to laugh at them, what was the other choice?

He would deal with the direct descendants of those thirteen dragons!

Besides.

The punishment method was the cruelest method of bloodline deprivation!

You have to know.

These guys were all True Dragons!

Their direct three generations, even if they could not implicate the previous generation, could be filled with descendants of the Dragon King. The direct three generations were also the future pillars of the Dragon Race, the middle-aged generation and the young generation.

If it really happened three generations in a row, it would implicate many people. It might even cause a generation gap in the dragon race. Their strength would be greatly reduced, and the vitality that had just recovered would be greatly damaged again.

“Dragon Monarch!”

Seeing that the Dragon King was silent, Qin Luo Sheng pressed on, not giving him any chance, not turning back until he hit a wall.

"Bastard, didn't you hear what This King said?"

Long Yuan flew into a rage, "I've said it before, I'm the mastermind behind this. They were ordered by me to kill you. Their aim is to kill you so that you won't be able to step onto the Dragon Shocking Stage."

"Cut the crap!"

Qin Luo Sheng shot a sideways glance at Long Yuan. "I don't care if you're the mastermind or not. So what if you are? Don't even think about escaping from that group of dragons that surrounded and killed me. I've been a direct descendant for three generations and deprived of the dragon race's bloodline. Whoever dares to cover up for me will not rest until I'm dead!"

Long Yuan:…

Dragon Emperor:…

Everyone:…

"This kid is a ruthless person!"

The young man with the golden-winged Pengornis restrained his arrogant expression and had a face full of admiration.

He was convinced.

Towards a human, an ant, he was sincerely convinced.

Ask yourself.

Even he would not dare to act so arrogantly.

First, he treated the Human Emperor's decree as nothing. Now, he rebutted the Dragon Emperor and fought the dragon race head-on, forcing them into a desperate cliff!

He had offended the two most powerful emperors on the continent.

Just how fucking gutsy was he?

Awesome!

“Dragon Monarch!”

Qin Luo Sheng rebuked Long Yuan before looking at the Dragon Emperor. He took a step forward and said in a forceful manner, "Please give the order!"

"I…"

The Dragon Monarch opened his mouth as his face flushed red. His fists were tightly clenched and his body was slightly trembling.

Ran.

His words were so heavy that it was difficult for him to utter a single word.

"I understand!"

Qin Luo remained silent for three seconds before finally giving up completely.

"I've already given you all a chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared with laughter as he looked at the high ranking members of the Dragon Clan who thought that they had already retreated. His wild laughter filled the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform. Such impudent actions made all the dragons turn ashen.

"Since you're not moving, I'll do it myself!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared as dragon might burst forth from his body.

An overwhelming might swept forth.

Although they were young and immature, they were of a high class. Other than the high-level Dragon Kings, all the other dragons were forced to crawl on the ground under his dragon's might. Their eyes were filled with fear and submission as they trembled in fear.

"Xiaoxiao!"

A loud dragon roar was heard. After three days of rest, Xiaoxiao, who had recovered her energy, appeared on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

In an instant.

The Dragon King and the rest of the higher-ups who were still standing had a drastic change in expression and their bodies could not help but hunch over.

This was the suppression of his bloodline.

It stemmed from the suppression of the genetic level.

Even though they relied on their tyrannical strength, the Dragon King and the other existences did not show their true colors like the other dragons. They laid on the ground to show their submission, but they still lowered their heads and bowed their backs.

The entire scene.

Only the Dragon Emperor and the dragon were unaffected.

"Imperial Order of the Dragon God!"

“Dragon God’s Scales!”

Regardless of the surroundings, Qin Luo Sheng took out the spirit treasure bestowed by the Dragon God, [Dragon God's Command], as well as the reward he received after passing the Dragon God Trial, the Dragon God's Scale!

"Xiaoxiao, activate them!"

The Coiling Dragon Water in his hand suddenly cut his palm. Suddenly, a cluster of blood bloomed and sprayed onto the Dragon God’s Command and Dragon God’s Scales!

At the same time.

Xiaoxiao also opened her mouth and spat out a mouthful of dragon blood, which landed on the [Dragon God Command] and the Dragon God's Scales.

"Stop!"

The Dragon Emperor’s eyes widened as he stood up from his throne.

"Gou Lian!"

The power of Qin Luo's bloodline erupted.

A small pure dragon's blood, a dragon's blood that was one grade higher than the Dragon Emperor's, could be the bloodline of the Dragon God. Qin Luo and Sheng had fused the bloodline of the Dragon God. At the same time, they used the [Dragon God's Command] and the Dragon God's Scales that were related to the Dragon God as a medium to connect.

Buzz…

Energy surged and dragon blood boiled.

The Dragon God Command released a clear light.

The Dragon God’s Scales shook in the air.

An indescribable special pulse suddenly appeared on the Terrifying Dragon Stage.

"It's over!"

Among the people present, the Dragon Monarch, who had the strongest strength and the sharpest spiritual perception, looked at the black hole that had been broken through by the Dragon God’s Imperial Decree and the Dragon God’s Scales. In an instant, his eyes became absent-minded. He staggered and collapsed onto his treasured chair in a disorderly manner. His heart was like dead ashes.

Bang…

The Dragon God's Scales melted, transforming into the purest energy that fused into the Dragon God's Imperial Decree. In an instant, a dark green light descended from the sky, and a vast dragon might descended upon the Dragon Stage.

"Who awakened my will?"

An ancient voice echoed in everyone's ears.

Before this existence, no matter who it was or which race they belonged to, they were all forced to kneel on the ground.

True God.

They had arrived!

Dragon God.

Prominent Divine Stage!

——————

< EMPTY >