Chapter 721: Dragon Abyss: (￥￣) = °

"Looks like no one has admitted to it!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

His eyes were as cold as lightning as he looked at the silent upper echelons of the dragon race. There was only a trace of anticipation in his eyes that was completely extinguished.

Since.

If you don't admit it, then don't blame me for being ruthless!

"Weeping Soul, this matter ends here."

Yet.

Before Qin Luo Sheng could continue, the Dragon Slaying Great General beside him spoke first, planning what he was about to say. "His Majesty has actually decided to only kill this bunch of thieves who have committed crimes."

Did the Human Emperor decide?

Qin Luo, who had originally been prepared to jump out to support Qin Sheng, had also given up on the Golden-Winged Roc youth from the Dragon Clan.

Human Emperor!

Although he was not afraid, he could not afford to offend them!

Although the Golden-winged Great Pengornis was the nemesis of the dragon race, its fertility rate was even lower than that of the dragon race. Therefore, even though it was born with great restraint against the dragon race, its overall strength was still behind.

Now.

He could add insult to injury!

But.

He wanted to form a team alone.

That was simply courting death.

In particular, the current Dragon Race was like a powder keg. He did not dare to act rashly.

To the end.

This was Dragon Island, Dragon City, and the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

It was their territory.

"That won't do!"

Just when everyone had come to an end, Qin Sheng coldly rejected the Dragon Slaying General, refuting his words and also refuting the Human Emperor's decree.

This guy.

Was he crazy?

Everyone was stunned!

They had never imagined that the citizens of the Grand Xia would dare to defy the orders of the Grand Xia Emperor. As humans, they dared to defy the will of the Human Emperor!

Was he courting death?

“What did you say?”

The admiration on the Dragon Slaying Great General's face disappeared and was replaced by extreme coldness.

As a soldier, a general of the Empire, and a human.

Qin Qin Sheng's action was no different from being irreversible!

It was totally throwing his faith on the ground and stomping it with his foot, rubbing it hard.

“Leave this matter to me!”

Qin Luo did not care about the dragon slaying great general's gaze that looked as if he wanted to eat someone. He turned around and no longer paid attention to Qin Luo. "Now that this matter is settled, you can do whatever you want! However, right now, I'm the protagonist on this battlefield. I'll be the one leading!"

Dragon Slaying General: "…"

"I don't have any evidence to prove that these idiots were instructed by someone!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Dragon Clan's seating area. Under the threatening gaze of the high ranking members of the Dragon Clan, he did not show any signs of weakness and boldly said, "However, I believe everyone knows the identities of the six idiots here, including the seven that are already dead. Even if that was their own actions, the Dragon Kings of the various clans are guilty of oversight. Dragon Emperor, what do you think?"

Dragon Emperor:…

“Brat, exactly what do you want?”

The Fire Dragon King, who was already short-tempered, could not care less about his colleagues pulling him back. He jumped out and connected with Qin Sheng.

"How dare you!"

Qin Luo suddenly roared and looked at the Fire Dragon King Long Lie with a grim expression. The sword gleams of [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Dragon Slaying Sword] pulsed, and an aura that had great restraint on the dragon race rushed towards Long Lie. "This Dragon Lord's status is equivalent to the Dragon Emperor. You, a mere Dragon King, actually dare to be so impudent. Who gave you the guts?"

Long Lie: (f*ck!)

"I…"

Long Lie's eyes bulged out of his sockets, and his entire body was trembling with rage. Extremely high temperatures immediately erupted from his body.

"Retreat!"

Just as Long Lie was about to go berserk, the Dragon Emperor suddenly reprimanded him. An extremely powerful dragon might spread out, completely crushing the enraged Long Lie and the mighty Fire Dragon King. Not even a trace of aura could spread out from the Dragon Tribe seat.

Such terrifying strength and precise control shocked everyone present!

"Please don't blame me, Dragon Lord. Everyone on Dragon Island knows about Long Lie's bad temper. He didn't do it intentionally or disrespectfully!"

The Dragon Emperor looked at Qin Sheng and smiled like a spring breeze. "Here, this Emperor shall apologize to the Dragon Lord on his behalf!"

“The Dragon Monarch is too considerate!”

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep look at the Dragon Emperor, then glanced imperceptibly at the Fire Dragon King Long Lie, whose forehead was covered in cold sweat despite being suppressed to the point of being covered in cold sweat. He narrowed his eyes slightly and said, "The Fire Dragon King has a straightforward personality. This Dragon Lord will naturally not take it seriously. This matter shall be put aside!"

Deep breath.

Qin Luo continued, "I may be alone, but in the eyes of everyone here, I'm just like an ant. I'm not worthy of virtue, nor am I willing to submit to the masses. However, I've passed the trials of the Dragon God with my own strength after all. I've obtained the recognition of the Dragon God and received the [Dragon God Command]. I'm honored as the Dragon Lord and my status is equivalent to the Dragon Emperor!—I just want to know, why did you kill me?"

No one answered.

"Why?"

Qin Luo asked again.

"Tell me, why?"

Qin Luo Sheng's voice reverberated on the empty Terrifying Dragon Platform.

"Since you won't answer, I won't ask anymore."

Qin Sheng stopped after asking three times.

"As the Dragon Lord, even if I don't have any real power, I don't have the right to interfere in the internal affairs of the dragon race. However, I'm the person involved in this matter, and the victim is also me. Now, all the executives are in place, and not a single one of them escaped. Without evidence, I won't say anything else, but do you have any objections to this crime of negligence, Lord Dragon Emperor?"

The Dragon Monarch replied, “No objections! After this, I will definitely give the Dragon Monarch a satisfactory explanation.”

"I naturally trust the words of the Dragon Monarch!" Qin Luo nodded. "Then this matter shall end here!… Next, as the Dragon Lord, I invite you to undergo Long Xu, Long Shen, Long Zhan, Long Ling, Long Duan, Long Chuan's Ultimate Punishment, as well as to punish and bring calamity to the three generations of your direct descendants, depriving them of their Dragon Clan bloodline!"

In an instant.

An earth-shattering killing intent erupted from the Dragon Tribe seats.

"Dragon Lord, is this matter handled properly?"

The Dragon Monarch’s eyebrows twitched as the corners of his eyes twitched.

"Disposed?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "I don't know what His Majesty the Human Emperor thinks. A scum like me was killed for no reason and died hundreds of times. My true spirit was almost destroyed and I died just like that. You can also ignore my death. However, what's wrong with my punishment for disrespecting the Dragon God?"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng looked disdainfully at the group of high ranking members of the Dragon Clan who were boiling with killing intent. He raised his head and stood tall, facing the group of dragons alone. He was neither afraid nor weak, and his voice was like a loud bell. "If the Dragon God is like that in your eyes, then just pretend that I didn't say anything!"

One of the higher-ups of the dragon race had an ugly expression.

He had become a general!

Dead game!

Do you dare to say it?

No!

No matter who it was, even if it was the Dragon Monarch, none of them would dare to utter such arrogant words.

Disrespecting the Dragon God.

This was the most unforgivable rule!

Once violated,

Even an emperor was unforgivable!

"Weeping Soul!"

The Dragon Emperor and the other upper echelons found it difficult to back down. But at this time, Long Yuan, who had been silent all this time, spoke up, "This matter was instructed by me. Your hatred and grievances are directed at me!"

"Get lost!"

Qin Luo was furious as he berated, "Who do you think you are? What has it got to do with you? Just stand there quietly and wait for me to settle some trivial matters before I come to kill you!"

Long Yuan: (￥￣) = ° C