Chapter 727: Torturing Wang Qin, Luo Sheng

F*ck!

Just as Qin Luo was thinking of countermeasures to kill the enemy, he suddenly saw a series of green numbers rapidly appearing above Long Yuan's head. His face instantly turned ashen.

Five chapters per second?

100,000 yuan per round?

With this recovery ability, how could he play J2?

I didn't even manage to cut down 500,000 points of damage with one slash of my sword, but this guy can recover 500,000 points in a second?

Get lost!

Damn system!

Is there anyone as bad as you?

"No, I have to stop Long Yuan from recovering. Otherwise, I won't be able to win!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

"Fortunately!"

"Fortunately, I spared no expense to help Mengmeng research the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison back then. I originally wanted to increase her favorability and win the favor of a beauty. It was also to not waste Mengmeng's talent."

"I never thought that I would receive such a blessing!"

Qin Luo Sheng reached into his bosom and took out a porcelain bottle.

[Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison]

Type: Poison (Corpse Poison)

Grade: Epic

Effect: Continuous HP deduction, interrupted recovery, restricting ability etc.

Introduction: Extremely special poison. It has an indescribable and strange poison. Anyone who touches it will die, and anyone who touches it will die. Even if it is concocted and not a poison that is produced from the ten-thousand-year-old zombie body, it has also removed the flaw that cannot be perfectly controlled unless one is a ten-thousand-year-old zombie. The victim who is poisoned will have a maximum health decrease of 1% per second, up to 20%. Unable to recover his health in any way, it will last for five minutes. The poison accumulates in the body and damages the blood, greatly limiting the activation of the victim's power!

Epic-ranked special poison!

It was definitely the strongest existence in the family, the unquestionable ceiling.

Besides.

This was still corpse poison.

The strangest corpse poison.

First, reduce Health Points, up to 20%!

Secondly, restricting recovery was the most urgent requirement!

Thirdly, it would destroy the body like Li Water!

Three effects.

All of them were strong!

"Ghost Face Enslavement!"

An energy mask in the shape of an evil spirit suddenly flickered out from the [Ghost Face] on Qin Sheng's face and attacked forward. Caught off guard, it covered his face.

Instantly.

Long Yuan stopped in his tracks.

"The chance is here!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body moved and he used the offensive skill that belonged to a Spellblade. Like a ghost, he charged towards Long Yuan in an instant. The sharp edge of the [Coiling Dragon Water] slashed heavily and slashed across Long Yuan's body.

"Sword Thrust Slash!"

Sizzle!

It could ignore defense and had a penetrative effect. The first time it went into battle, it had achieved amazing feats. It broke the Dragon Abyss defense and shattered the Dragon Abyss scales.

"A good opportunity!"

Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he saw the dragon's blood seeping out of the shattered dragon scales. He threw the porcelain bottle in his hand over. "Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison!"

Crack!

There was a crisp sound.

How could thick dragon scales withstand such fraud?

The moment the delicate porcelain bottle touched Long Yuan's body, it shattered without any surprise. The Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison hidden inside flowed into the wound.

“Scram!”

The intense pain and poison caused the already restless Long Yuan to struggle violently. Without waiting for Qin Sheng to make his next move, the energy mask on Long Yuan's face was destroyed by the brute force.

“How dare you use poison?”

Long Yuan looked at the black blood flowing on his body and smelled the disgusting rotten smell. He roared, "Despicable!"

"Extreme Curse, effect!"

Qin Sheng, who had already entered a state of battle, turned a deaf ear to Long Yuan's voice. With a move of his palm, the curse technique belonging to the Dark Priest was transformed into the "Extreme Curse" by the Spellblade and flung out.

The curse was upon him.

Although it was only a 20% reduction in elemental resistance, it was not a defense. Without using magical attacks, it would not reflect its value at all. At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng was incomparably violent. The Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Dragon Slaying Sword were both physical weapons. Even if he used water magic that Spellblades had developed, its lethality was far inferior to a flat slash.

But.

This resistance was not unintentional, nor was it for the use of magic. It was to pave the way for the [Water Parting] effect that had been secretly activated!

Against an existence like Long Yuan.

Not only was his strength extraordinary, but he also had many trump cards.

It was impossible to win using the most primitive method. He could only rely on external objects to continuously dig holes for him in seemingly normal battles. Only then would there be a chance of killing him.

[Li Water] was the first pit!

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

The Dragon Abyss in human form was simply terrifying. Qin Luo, who had incomparably nimble arms and legs, would definitely not dare to engage in close combat with Qin Luo. Therefore, he gave up on the Spellblade's "Spellblade Style" and switched to his old profession. He used "Sword Qi Rampage" and relied on Sword Qi that was ten meters long to widen the distance between them and madly attacked.

"Brat, die!"

Long Yuan held a black broadsword in his hand. With the augmentation of his domain, he became like a ghost and flickered forward like he was teleporting, chasing after Qin Luo Sheng.

"Are you trying to suppress me? Don't even think about it!"

Even in the domain of Long Yuan, Qin Sheng was born at a disadvantage. However, Qin Sheng's speed was ten times faster than Long Yuan. Unless Qin Sheng could truly suppress space or teleport indefinitely, Qin Sheng could do nothing to him.

"Three-colored divine light, deprivation!"

After the bronze, silver, and gold metals of the Lord of the Stars were gathered, the divine powers awakened. The three-colored divine light could suppress any enemy, and it could deprive the enemy of 50% of their weapon's attack!

"Shadow Clone!"

His body split into two. One corporeal body and one doppelganger respectively ran to the left and right as Long Yuan rushed over.

"Extreme Gravity!"

At the same time.

While Long Yuan was stunned by the sudden appearance of his doppelganger, he cast an Extreme Gravity Spell. Instantly, the gravity doubled, causing Long Yuan to stagger and almost kneel down.

"Extreme Wind Blade!"

Cutting the wind blades and shattering the dragon scales had injured the dragon abyss once again!

"Extreme Lightning Strike!"

A lightning bolt descended from the sky and accurately struck the top of Long Yuan's head.

Instantly.

An explosive head was born.

The damage was not high, but it was extremely insulting.

At the same time.

The additional paralysis effect made Qin Sheng steal another wave of damage and slash twice with his sword.

"Arctic Icicle!"

"Extreme Fireball!"

One ice, one fire.

Ice and fire.

Even if it was the most basic magic, it had been enhanced to the extreme and became an extreme magic. The damage might not be high, but the effect was maxed out. Even for an existence like Dragon Abyss, the cutting, paralysis, freezing, and burning that should be triggered would definitely not be blurred or immune.

Besides.

The damage wasn't too low.

Even though Qin Luo Sheng's weapon did not have any magical attacks, it was imbued with the attributes of many pieces of equipment. Its spirit was even higher than its dexterity. Coupled with the augmentation of skills, potions, talismans, and so on, its power was considerable.

"Long Yuan, the torture has begun. You've already entered the rhythm of my battle. Enjoy the Infinite Consecutive Strikes that I've carefully arranged for you!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his right hand, and a dragon-shaped shockwave that was intertwined with gold, blue, and red burst forth like lightning.

“Dragon Soul Impact!”