Chapter 738: The Long Yuan Who Felt Wronged

"Dragon Abyss, how does it taste?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the huge damage figures flashing above Long Yuan's head and felt extremely refreshed.

An attack of 500,000!

This forbidden spell hit the target and landed completely. It continued to explode violently. Even though Dragon Abyss circled his body and tried to reduce the damage as much as possible, his body was too huge. He had to endure at least ten attacks per second. It was extremely tragic.

In other words.

Long Yuan suffered more than five million damage in a second!

The total health points of his current level 34 state was only 45 million!

After the conversion.

Nine seconds!

In at most nine seconds, Dragon Abyss would die!

The duration of the forbidden spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance, was as long as 30 seconds. It was enough to kill him three times!

As for recovery?

Haha!

The explosive regeneration ability that had given Qin Sheng 500,000 health points in a second of despair was pathetically weak under the forbidden spell, especially under the full-strength enhancement of Qin Sheng.

“Dragon’s Curtain!”

Being beaten up passively, Long Yuan died without a burial ground.

But would Longyuan be so obedient?

As the Black Dragon King, how could he merely possess a powerful physical body?

With a roar, energy gathered.

A black energy shield spread out like the sky, enveloping Long Yuan's body and blocking the continuous bombardment of Qin Luo's forbidden energy bullets!

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked down at Long Yuan from above, completely unbothered by the scene before him. "Long Yuan, stop struggling. Do you think you're the only one who can resolve the current predicament?"

"Cut the crap!"

Long Yuan, who had finally obtained a chance to catch his breath, roared, "You're still a little lacking if you want to mess with this king's heart! Just you wait, when you finish releasing this forbidden spell, this king will definitely swallow you at the first moment!"

Long Yuan was furious!

Initially, he had wanted to take revenge ruthlessly on Qin Luo Sheng for causing him to be punished and imprisoned for a month. This was even after he had used the Dragon Shocking Stage to force his way through. Otherwise, he would have already been punished a month ago, and the dignified Black Dragon King would have ended in sorrow!

With such resentment and unwillingness!

The battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform had finally arrived.

Yet.

The tragic truth hit him hard on the head!

The plan to surround and kill them had failed!

Not only was it a failure, it was a huge failure.

Not only had their side been exposed, but they had also not returned. They had either been killed on the spot or captured alive, becoming 'ironclad evidence' and 'bargaining chips'. Not only had the Dragon race's reputation plummeted, but their reputation had also been swept to the ground. They had no choice but to be caught by the human race and used as leverage.

The most crucial thing was that his Dragon Abyss's younger brother, his biological younger brother, the blood relative of his son, was still the next king of the Black Dragon Clan -- Long Zhan. He was also in the group that was captured!

This hatred.

How could they not be angry? How could they not be angry?

Finally.

He was finally on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. He could finally take revenge!

Except.

Before the battle, there was a huge scene that almost made him collapse.

Under the might of the human race, the six captured true dragons, including his younger brother Long Zhan, would be placed under extreme torture.

A transformation.

That ant actually dared to look down on the dragon race and the Dragon Emperor and directly rebuke him.

As the party in the wrong, even on Dragon Island, even in Dragon City, even on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, even if this was the territory of their Dragon Clan, they still occupied an absolute disadvantage!

The Dragon Emperor was biased, while the Dragon Race was biased!

But.

That bastard actually didn’t give him any face at all, summoning the Dragon God’s will with incomparable ferocity.

This time.

Not to mention the Dragon Emperor, not to mention the upper echelons of the Dragon race, even if all the dragons on the entire Dragon Island joined forces, they would not be able to save his brother.

Thus…

He, Long Yuan, had a deep brother complex. He could only watch helplessly as his younger brother's head was beheaded by an ant-like human who wanted to skin him alive.

That scene almost made him collapse!

Especially the unwillingness and hatred in his younger brother's eyes after his death, it pierced through his heart and tore it into pieces, dripping with blood!

He was furious!

He swore to avenge his younger brother, to avenge himself, and to resolve such a great calamity for the dragon race!

Still.

Reality is often cruel and does not shift for personal will.

It was a simple and easy battle, but a huge variable had occurred.

The crushing suppression that he had expected had indeed appeared, but the protagonist had reversed it.

Who am I?

Where am I?

What should I do?

Long Yuan asked.

Wasn't he supposed to crush that ant-like human? Why was Xiao Chou himself?

This was not right!

In order to show his caution, he even activated his domain and unleashed his ultimate move. How could the Flying Dragon Knight lose?

F*ck!

What a f*ck!

He did not believe it!

He did it!

Then.

He died!

It was so sudden and unexpected!

What the heck?

I'm the f*cking Black Dragon King, a half-step Mythical big shot who's just a step away from the Mythical stage. I actually lost to an ant human in a 1v1 battle?

Illusion!

I must be dreaming!

But.

The pain on his body and the shame he felt from being stared at by countless people were all crazily reminding him that it was true. He had just been killed by a human and it had taken less than a minute!

F*ck!

He was even angrier than before.

He decided to torture that damned brat more.

Then.

He hung up again!

It was instantly destroyed by a terrifying curse technique!

This was even faster than before!

He was furious again.

Fortunately.

The Dragon Emperor had appeared, and so had all the higher-ups of the tribe.

Instantly.

His heart was moved and tears streamed down his face.

Good brother!

At the critical moment, you guys are still the most reliable.

Except.

He was once again defeated. He thought that he could use the general trend to crush the demons that were feared and hated by the thousands of races. He wanted to take down that brat without any bloodshed.

However, things were different. I was killed!

Then…

He had relied on the strongest Black Dragon Armor in an attempt to destroy the enemy, but the other party had summoned the Death God's Will.

c

M!

‘ Did you hear me?’

c

M!

Damn it, where did you get so many connections? How did you get involved with those legendary gods?

It was too disgusting!

Without a doubt.

He was instakilled again.

After being killed three times in a row, his domain only provided him with the energy to revive three times before he reached the critical point and collapsed on his own.

Simply.

Okay.

If I can't beat you in human form, I'll return to my true form and fight you.

This…

It had just begun.

That familiar smell, that familiar recipe.

A forbidden spell taught to be a dragon.

What the f*ck!

"I'm not convinced!"

Recalling the past that had lasted less than three minutes, Long Yuan, who had experienced rollercoasters time again and was filled with torment and humiliation, roared at the sky. He let out an anger that was enough to overturn the world, and he was as aggrieved as a child.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

The sudden situation made Qin Sheng, who was chasing Qin Luo, confused.

This guy.

Sick?

————

Author's Note: