Chapter 732: If You Want To Accuse Someone, You Can Do It!

[Broken Longevity Lock]

Type: Longevity Lock

Grade:???

Effect: Curse

Introduction: It was originally an ordinary longevity lock, but because it had been worn by the Evil Infant for a long time, it absorbed endless resentment aura and was filled with an ominous aura and the power of curses. After it became its target, all of its attributes decreased to 1%! (It is only effective for those below the Epic stage, it is ineffective for light type existences)

This was the treasure that he had obtained after killing the Ghost Mother Evil Infant, who had been refined into an extremely evil being, when he had gone to the Moon God Temple in Moonlight Forest.

It was extremely terrifying and powerful!

Even.

It was even more explosive than the embrace of Death!

All attributes dropped to 1%!

How savage was this?

Especially since its grade was three question marks, it was equivalent to having no restrictions on its usage. No matter what grade it was, it would not be immune to its effects!

Unfortunately.

There was indeed no problem with the grade, but the power of the curse wasn't infinite. After all, it was limited. Therefore, the effects could only be activated at the Epic stage or below!

Where was Long Yuan?

A half-step Mythical expert was useless to him!

Still.

You have a good plan, I have a wall ladder.

As one of Disheng's greatest trump cards in this battle, Qin Luo would surely have a way to resolve this flaw since he had brought it out.

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Broken Longevity Lock]!"

"Success!!"

The BUG skills of the Lords of the Stars appeared once again.

A Starlight Blessing perfectly solved all the problems.

Instantly.

The only flaw of the [Broken Longevity Lock] that was only effective for Epic-ranked creatures was erased.

At this moment.

It was effective against all living beings.

Even if his target was Long Yuan, a half-step Mythical boss!

Swish…

After the Starlight Blessing reached its peak, the treacherous curse power became extremely terrifying.

In an instant.

Long Yuan, who was charging forward, was immediately hit.

"Ding… Broken longevity lock has taken effect. Dragon Abyss' attributes have been reduced to 1%!"

The moment the system notification sounded, Qin Sheng immediately took action.

"Remove, Demon Sword Technique!"

He deactivated the “Devil Sword Tactics”, which could only be used in close combat, and returned to the state where he could use skills. At the same time, he reached into his bosom and took out a Spiritual Water Pearl that was emitting a Meridian Water Ray!

“Water Vein Impact!”

The water element was activated and a violent vortex formed instantly, enveloping the Dragon Abyss that was caught off guard.

"Strangle!"

Dragon Abyss, which originally had 100 million Health Points, was ambushed by the broken Longevity Lock. All its attributes were 1%, and its Health Points were only 1 million!

Although the damage of the Spiritual Water Pearl was not as good as the Dragon Vein Impact, it was only 500%!

However, it was still more than enough to wipe out one million Health Points in one go. One must know that not only did this guy only have 1% Health Points, his Defense was also the same.

However, how could a six-figure weak defense withstand the might of the Spiritual Water Pearl?

In less than a second.

The vortex that had an extremely powerful strangulation ability dissipated.

It was not that Qin Luo had not lasted long, but that his target, the Dragon Abyss, had disappeared and was dead!

"Brat!"

As expected, Long Yuan, who was insta-killed by the gathering of black energy, was revived once again.

"Who exactly are you?"

Long Yuan's face was as black as charcoal, filled with hatred.

Just a moment ago, he had been posturing and calling the other party an ant, but in the blink of an eye, he had been ruthlessly slapped in the face. Furthermore, it was in front of so many foreign guests. This was simply intolerable. As a dignified Black Dragon King, did he not have any face?

The first time could be said to be careless, being plotted against!

What else could he say the second time?

Indeed.

He had been plotted against again. He had been set up by that terrifying curse. He had been insta-killed.

But who could they blame?

This was not playing house, but a battle of life and death.

Despicable?

This phrase would never be remembered by the strong, because in the eyes of the strong, there was only victory and defeat!

Victory was victory, defeat was defeat!

There was no excuse.

Because.

Failure meant death.

With their lives gone, who could still care about the process and whether the methods of their enemies were despicable?

"To be able to possess such a terrifying curse ability, you're definitely not an ordinary person. Tell me, who exactly are you, an evil demon?"

Long Yuan was furious. "I am the Black Dragon King. My physical body has reached the Transcendent State and my life force is extremely strong. Ordinary curses are useless against me. But you, your curses can actually render me helpless. Only one person in my memory can do this. No, to be precise, only one demon can do this."

“What? Demon? Could it be a demon?”

The spectators were all in an uproar.

Demons.

That was the devil race!

The evil race that almost destroyed everything and ruled this mainland.

Even though they won in the end, their vitality was greatly damaged. Countless lands had fallen, and the number of lives that had died numbered in the trillions. Just the number of races that had been wiped out numbered in the thousands, and there was no lack of large races that had been passed down since ancient times.

‘ You can see that.’

Just how cruel and tragic was the war of the invasion of the devils!

Even after such a long time had passed, the expressions of everyone on Fate Continent changed when they talked about the Demon Race.

"If you want to condemn someone, there's no need to hesitate!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. Although he did not know much about the inside story, he knew very well what the demon race represented, especially to the natives of Fate Continent. If Long Yuan were to really pull up the demon race's shit pot, it would be impossible to clear his name even if he jumped into the Yellow River.

At that time.

Even if he won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena, he would be punished immediately after leaving the arena. Even if he didn't die, he would be imprisoned and lose his freedom from then on. It would be worse than deleting his account.

He did not want to perish together with this idiot Long Yuan.

"Then, can I trouble you to explain where your curse power comes from? As far as I know, only the Demon King of Hatred, one of the three Demon Kings of the Demon Race, has such ability and such a powerful curse power!"

Long Yuan added fuel to the fire and gave Qin Luo the drug.

"Hahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed wildly. "How pitiful. I didn't expect that the mighty Dragon King would actually be so ignorant and ill-informed. It's fine if you're afraid of the demon race and hate the demon king. But don't drag everything into the demon race. If you do that, people will only think that you're a pure idiot!"

“What did you say?”

Long Yuan's eyes widened instantly.

Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined that not only did Qin Sheng not offer an explanation, he would even humiliate him so blatantly.

"Don't you understand what I'm saying?"

Qin Sheng, who was being glared at by the dragon eyes of Long Yuan, was not afraid at all. He continued mockingly, "I said that you were a piece of trash that was scared out of your wits, and that the demons had cut off the color of your back. Do you understand now?"