Chapter 733: One… Strike!

"Dragon Lord, don't avoid the important and the trivial. Mix up the food and listen!"

Seeing that Long Yuan was flustered and his mind was in a mess, the Dragon Emperor suddenly interrupted, “Please explain, where did that curse power come from? Is it from the Demon Clan or the Demon King of Hatred?”

“What? The Dragon Monarch still hasn’t given up and still wants to interfere in the battle of the Divine Shocking Dragon Arena?”

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed as he said, "If your dragon race can't afford to lose, then just tell me directly. Why are you putting on such a pretentious act? You want to be a b * tch and set up a memorial arch at the same time? Why? Are you afraid that others will speak ill of your dragon race, afraid that you won't be able to stop the mouths of everyone in the world?"

“Arrogant!” An old dragon beside him slammed the table and roared, “You dare to be so arrogant after colluding with the wicked devils? Do you really think that all the living beings in Fate Continent have died?”

"Oh, Cool One!"

Qin Luo Sheng whistled and cast a disdainful glance at the old dragon who was acting wildly. Disregarding the murderous look in his eyes, he mocked, "Useless and furious trash. You want to settle things with just one sentence and pin the blame of colluding with the demons on me? Do you really think everyone else is an idiot and can't see through your sinister intentions?"

The old dragon was enraged. He wanted to say something but was stopped by the Dragon Emperor.

Angry, he looked around.

The originally ideal group response did not appear. Not to mention the Golden-winged Great Peng, Phoenix, Qilin, and other races that were not on good terms with the Dragon race, even the races that were on good terms with the Dragon race were indifferent and did not interrupt.

Instantly.

He was embarrassed.

He felt like a clown performing a clumsy performance on stage.

"Weeping Soul, explain!"

The Terrifying Dragon Platform fell silent.

But.

There were no human seats.

The old Daoist priest from the Dao Sect flicked his horsetail whisk and said in a gentle tone, "This concerns the Demon Race. This is a matter of great importance and cannot be taken lightly. The Dragon Race is also in a mess because of their concern. You have to understand. Everyone here is a big shot with a head and face. They are also experienced and knowledgeable people. Naturally, they can distinguish right from wrong and also find out whether they are the Demon Race. You can explain a little to prevent some people with ulterior motives from using this matter!"

Awesome!

Qin Luo Sheng gave the old Taoist a thumbs up without any hesitation.

As expected of the Yin and Yang Family of Wuji Taichi, which studied Dao Arts.

In terms of sarcasm, the Dao Sect was definitely not inferior to anyone.

In fact.

This seemed like a reprimand, but in reality, he was trying to save the situation.

The dragon race wanted to settle the matter and link him to the demon race. They wanted to use the damage and influence that the demon race had caused to the Fate Continent to suppress him.

Unfortunately.

No one cooperated!

Anyone with eyes could see the evil intentions of the dragon race.

The old Daoist priest asked Qin Sheng to explain.

It was not coercion, but protection.

He wanted Qin Sheng to explain this matter clearly under the watch of the representatives of the thousands of races, so as to avoid giving the dragon race the chance to spread rumors after the war. At that time, the yellow mud would fall to the crotch, and it would be shit even if it wasn't shit.

“I obtained this broken lock from a pair of Ghostmother Evil Infants!”

Qin Luo Sheng opened his palm and showed the ordinary rusty longevity lock that had already lost the power of the curse to all the big shots present. "I once crossed the Moonlight Forest to the Moon God Temple to suppress the audacious undead lich. Ghostmother Evil Infant was an evil weapon made by the undead lich to stop outsiders from entering the Moon God Temple. After a battle, I killed it and obtained this item."

“Ghostmother Evil Infant? Bastard!”

Upon seeing the broken longevity lock in Qin Luo's hands and sensing the resentment that had yet to completely dissipate, the old Daoist priest flew into a rage. "Undead lich, you really deserve to die. To think that you would do such a vicious thing!"

As the successor of the Dao Sect, the old Daoist naturally knew the conditions for the birth of the Ghost Mother Evil Infant.

This sort of evil resentment weapon was something that even the Ancient Devil rarely dared to touch. He never imagined that a human would dare to be so reckless and crazy!

“That’s right, this resentment is exactly like the legendary Ghostmother Evil Infant!”

“I’ve never seen the Ghostmother Evil Infant before, and I’ve only read about it in the ancient records of my clan. I know a bit about it, but I won’t comment on it!”

“I haven’t seen Ghostmother or the Evil Infant with my own eyes, but this aura of hatred is quite real.”

“Yes, that’s indeed the case. This is the power of resentment. It’s far from the demon race’s aura, so it shouldn’t have anything to do with them.”

"Tsk, this is really a good show that comes one after another. If you can't handle the hard stuff, then start framing and slandering."

"Haha, I didn't expect that the always arrogant dragon race would also be so shameless. Fortunately, we're here. If we weren't here, the dragon race would have closed the door and settled it. Who knows what would have happened!"

"Yes! Yes!"

"…"

At the spectator area.

It exploded instantly.

They were on good terms with the dragon race and would not comment on it.

Neutral race, speak your mind.

They were hostile to each other and even viewed each other as enemies. This was called being impolite, openly and covertly mocking them without the slightest bit of concealment.

Dragon race seats.

At this moment.

Silence.

Even the old dragon who had jumped out to make a ruckus earlier was now silent.

It was indeed possible to lie through one's teeth.

However, that was only when the referee and the rest were all on their side.

Now.

With other races around, was it possible to cover the sky with one hand and turn white into black?

So.

Even though his face was flushed red from the ridicule, his three corpses were jumping and smoke was coming out of his seven orifices, there was nothing he could do. He could only endure, endure, endure!

“Dragon Monarch, do you have anything to say?”

The old Daoist priest flicked his horsetail whisk and sucked the broken longevity lock in Qin Sheng's hand over, sending it to the seat of the dragon race. It landed on the table in front of the Dragon Emperor. "Thank you for your discerning eyes. Is this related to the demon race?"

"No!"

The Dragon Monarch took in a deep breath without leaving a trace. In a few corners where others couldn’t see him, he clenched his fists so tightly that his nails almost dug into his flesh. But in the end, he still understood the acting and was extremely shrewd. He didn’t reveal anything and replied with a stoic face, concluding the matter.

“The Dragon Monarch is wise!”

The old Daoist priest bowed and sat down again.

"Long Yuan, what else do you have to say?”

Qin Luo Sheng crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked at Long Yuan with a face full of mockery. "What other brilliant ideas do you have? Say them all at once. Who knows, you might be right!"

“Bastard!”

Long Yuan almost crushed his teeth from anger. "You sharp-tongued brat, I'll knock out all your teeth one by one!"

"Tsk tsk, how fierce, I'm scared!"

Qin Luo Sheng patted his chest with a face full of fear. "Then come at me. Don't just refuse to practice! If I remember correctly, I've already killed you twice, right? You still dare to boast so shamelessly. Your skin is really thick. Could it be that your Black Dragon Clan's high defense isn't dragon scales but skin? Impressive, impressive, impressive!"

“Shut up!” Long Yuan gripped his broadsword tightly and rushed over. “Die!”

"You're just a clown!" Qin Sheng smiled coldly. "When you say the most ruthless words and get hit the most viciously, you're talking about trash like you who looks fierce on the outside but is weak on the inside. Forget it, after teaching you two times, Daddy will be merciful and give you another good lesson.—Life… Strike!"