Chapter 737: The Power Of The Forbidden Spell, The Divine Weapon Shocks The Enemy

"Slash, slash, slash, slash…"

Violent sword qi rained down and crashed into Long Yuan's body. It collided with the black dragon scales that were emitting a golden luster and produced intense sparks.

"So hard!"

The corner of Qin Luo's mouth twitched. "Fortunately, I don't have a head of steel to clash head-on. I used my demonic sword techniques to fight head-on and instead used sword qi. Otherwise, the rebound from such a powerful slash would probably be enough to injure my hand."

"F*ck, this tortoise shell is too hard!"

Qin Sheng was dumbfounded as he looked at the sturdy body of the fortress that had only dealt damage and was completely unscathed. Even the dragon scales were unable to penetrate it. "The damage has been dealt and it hasn't been reduced by a single bit. But if the dragon scales can't be broken, the Li Water can't be injected into the body. How can this be played? How long will it take for the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison to ferment? Furthermore, the Dragon Abyss is the true body of a True Dragon. Its resistance has increased tremendously and its physical body is at its peak. Can the third effect of the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison still be used?"

"How dare you stand on this king's body!"

Turning his head, he saw that Qin Sheng, who was capable of smashing a mountain, was still standing on his body. Instantly, Long Yuan was enraged and roared, "Get down!"

"Alright, you don't have to worry. I'll leave now!"

Qin Qin Sheng was also straightforward. If you want me to scram, I'll scram. I'm a very easygoing person. However, before I scram, I must leave something behind as a memento.

Thus…

Qin Luo touched his waist and took out a glowing pearl from the Illusionary Spirit ribbon. A sinister smile appeared on his face!

"Water Spirit!"

The Spiritual Water Pearl instantly spewed out a stream of water. It was pure white, flawless, and extremely viscous. The stream of water that was like mercury covered the body of Long Yuan.

Zizizi…

In an instant.

White smoke rose.

Under the effect of the Water Separation Essence, the sharp black dragon scales were completely useless. They were instantly melted, revealing the Red Life Dragon Meat under the protection of the dragon scales.

"Slash…"

With a sudden leap, Qin Luo broke away from the dragon's body, avoiding the corrosion of the water that was spreading out and also evading the dragon's abyss that was pouncing at him from the curved map.

Moreover…

Seizing the opportunity, he slashed with his sword qi and injected it into the area where the Li Water Essence was corroding. Under Qin Sheng's control, it was like a torrential rain of pear blossoms that landed precisely on the area where the Li Water Essence was corroding.

Without the protection of the dragon scales, the damage caused by the sword entering the flesh was not only more terrifying, but it was also as if the damage was real. Furthermore, the pain, the combination of corrosion and sharp cutting, and the internal response from the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that had just been injected, made Long Yuan suffer indescribably.

"Scorching Dragon Breath!"

Long Yuan twisted his body frantically, wanting to use the other parts of his body that were not corroded by the Water Essence to block Qin Sheng's sword slash. At the same time, he opened his mouth and spat out a violent dragon breath that was comparable to a large AOE skill, finally forcing Qin Sheng back.

"It's useless. You're already beyond cure!"

Qin Sheng, who was flapping his wings and "standing" in the air, sneered as he looked at Long Yuan who was struggling madly due to the intense pain. "It's the same as your first death. The difference is that the first time was a double internal collapse. But now, the corpse poison is inside, while the corpse poison is outside, cooperating with the outside."

"Despicable scoundrel!"

Long Yuan's body was convulsing from the pain, but his voice was still as loud as before. "You want to use such a method on me twice? Dream on!—Black Dragon Body—Suppression!"

Rich vitality was released!

Long Yuan released a strange fluctuation, as if it was connected to his heartbeat, vibrating and jumping.

"Chi…"

Green smoke curled upwards, surging from Long Yuan’s body.

"What happened?"

Qin Luo Sheng was puzzled.

Smoke.

Different from the white smoke produced by corrosion, it was green smoke. It could also be seen as green smoke. What green? The green that was full of vitality.

"I see!"

Qin Luo activated his detection technique and was instantly enlightened when he saw that Long Yuan's attributes had been reduced by 20%.

The Dragon King was indeed ruthless and decisive.

To cut off one's tail for survival, to abandon one's car to save the hero!

"The scales of victory have already tilted. You have dodged this time. Let's see how you deal with this next!"

He watched as the corpse poison and Li Water were expelled. The rotten flesh and rotten flesh on his body were also gouged out. At the same time that he released his powerful vitality, he also restored the internal organs and flesh corroded by the poison, ensuring that there were no side effects.

Except.

Poison could be removed, rotten flesh could be removed, and the body could be nourished…

But.

How could the dragon scales that had been destroyed grow?

Or rather…

How should he recover to his peak overnight?

Impossible!

Unless Long Yuan was willing to spend a huge amount of his flesh's energy to activate it, as if he was borrowing his life to do so.

Otherwise…

The dragon scales that had been corroded by the Li Water Essence could not recover to their original state in a short period of time.

This.

It was a weakness!

A weakness like a reverse scale!

Although it was not fatal, it gave Qin Luo the direction of his attack.

Attacking here could cause even greater damage, almost equivalent to real damage.

"Forbidden Curse: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance!"

With a single sword strike, energy surged.

The water type dragon soul and fire type dragon soul exploded at the same time, erupting with powerful energy, transforming into endless ice and fire energy starlight. They fell down, and a red and blue meteor shower descended. The scene was magnificent, but it contained extremely terrifying killing intent.

"Forbidden spell? Impossible! How could an ant like you know a forbidden spell?"

Long Yuan screamed crazily.

Not just him.

The big shots who were watching the battle were also astonished. Some of them were so excited that they could not control themselves. They started fighting from their seats and stared fixedly at the huge stage in the middle. They were paying attention to the battle that had been going on for less than three minutes from the beginning until now. It had already changed drastically in an instant and had gone through several reversals.

"It's that sword!"

Long Yuan circled his body, trying his best to shrink his body as much as possible to reduce the area of damage. His pair of dragon eyes stared fixedly at the sword that Qin Sheng was holding high in his hands, both shocked and furious.

"Divine Armament! It's actually a Divine Armament!"

Long Yuan almost went crazy.

Divine weapon!

That was the general name of a Divine Spirit weapon. How could a weapon that was qualified to become a Divine Spirit be ordinary?

Although the sword in Qin Luo Sheng's hand was not a divine weapon controlled by a god, its grade and power had already reached the standard. Whether or not it was controlled by a god was not important at all.

Not to mention an existence like a forbidden spell, the expenditure was even smaller. It could not be guided for long. It was simply terrifying!

Among them.

What infuriated Long Yuan the most was—

From that divine weapon, he felt a familiar aura.

That's right.

It was the aura of the Dragon Monarch.

"There's the aura of the Naga Race, the divine weapon that contains the dragon soul, and…"

Long Yuan could not help but look at the expressionless Dragon Emperor who was sitting by the side. Suspicion arose in his heart, "Could it be…"

——————

Author’s Note: [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] consumes 10,000 Mana Points to activate the Water Fire Dragon Soul in the Coiling Dragon Water. Activates the Water and Fire Fusion Forbidden Spell. Explode within a 50 * 50 radius area, causing 800% basic damage. At the same time, there is a burning of 10,000 points per second. 10,000 Freezing Damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 7 days!