Chapter 734: Once Again, Once More, Once More

[Life-Extinguishing Strike (Epic)] consumed 5000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. Use all your strength and throw the weapon in your hand, causing at least 300% damage. If the weapon is Bronze, then the damage will be + 100%. If the weapon is Silver, then the damage will be + 200%. If the weapon is Gold, then the damage will be + 400%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect. If the weapon is Epic, then the damage will be + 800%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect and a 50% chance of Crippling effect. If the weapon is Legendary, then the damage will be + 1600%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect and 100% chance of Crippling effect. 30% chance of killing in one hit! Cooldown: 10 minutes! (The weapon that is thrown cannot be retrieved.)

It was a skill that had been obtained for a long time but had never been used before!

It was only Epic, but its explosive power was comparable to a Mythical abnormal skill!

Qin Luo Sheng no longer had the patience to continue grinding with Long Yuan.

Even though the high-quality augmentation skills such as Dragon's Blood, Burning Death, Undying Battle Intent, and so on had long been activated, Qin Luo Sheng had no idea how many times Dragon Abyss could be revived. He had a nagging feeling that this domain was very strange.

He had seen the ability of a domain many times.

Never.

He had never been as useless as Long Yuan!

Previously, he was still mocking him. There was no difference between having a domain and not having one.

But it was different now.

Even though it had only been a short period of time, the effects of the Domain would be revealed after Long Yuan released his skills and killed him twice.

Broken Limb Rebirth!

Death and resurrection!

Body reconstruction!

Dragon Deterrence Suit!

Endless recovery!

…

The effects were simply explosive!

Unfortunately.

Because he had the bloodline of a true dragon in his body, and his bloodline rank was even higher than Long Yuan's, the Dragon Deterrence Suit was naturally ineffective.

Because of the effects of the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison, Endless Recovery was completely crippled.

Still.

Qin Sheng was helpless when it came to other aspects. He could not stop it.

The first time he died, his entire body had been completely rotted by the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison and Li Water. He had relied on decomposing his body and then using the power of his domain to reconstruct it, thus perfectly solving the problem.

Then…

It was the revival ability!

Furthermore, he had been resurrected twice.

Who could fucking withstand this?

He was already a half-step Mythical BOSS and the difference in their abilities was like night and day. If not for the fact that he used external modifications and the resources that he had accumulated in the past to make use of the Boss' innate BUG ability, the Lord of the Stars, he would have been able to kill Dragon Abyss once. Yet, he wanted to kill Dragon Abyss a second time? Dream on!

But now…

Killing him a second time would be useless!

As long as this realm was still around, the Dragon Abyss might be able to revive indefinitely.

What a bug!

"It's impossible to revive indefinitely, unless the energy of Dragon Abyss is endless too. After all, it's revival. Especially for a powerful life form like Dragon Abyss, the amount of energy needed to revive once is extremely huge. Other things aside, the extremely dense black energy in this domain has become much thinner now. It must have been depleted after two revivals."

Qin Luo was very clear-headed.

"No matter what, I can't give Long Yuan any more chances. Since he relies on the energy of his domain to revive, with the domain around him, he will almost never die. I'll break his domain first. I don't have the ability to break it directly, so I can only use the stupidest method to deplete his energy and disperse it automatically. If I can do this, I can only continue to kill Long Yuan and make him expend a lot of energy to revive."

He said it was slow.

But this thought only lasted for an instant before it flashed through Qin Luo's mind.

Swish!

Following a piercing sound.

Qin Luo Sheng had spent a lot of money on the Epic weapon [Dragon Slaying Sword], which was used to strengthen + 10. At this moment, he ruthlessly threw it out as a consumable.

“Life Severing Strike!”

Skill Damage + 300%. In addition, [Dragon Slaying Sword] was at the Epic stage. Additional damage + 800%. There was also an absolute Critical Hit and a 50% chance of crippling it.

equivalent.

With this attack, the damage was 2200% (Critical Hit X2)!

Swoosh…

Sword light flashed.

Blood rained down.

And…

An arm flew up.

Even though he reacted quickly, he could not dodge in time and was still hit by the [Dragon Slaying Sword]. It triggered a 50% chance of crippling him and his hand was crippled.

"Ant… ant!"

He was beaten again.

Under everyone's watchful eyes, this was the third time he had been beaten up. It was as if he was repeating the same old path of death that he had just taken.

This made Long Yuan, who already lost face, even more furious.

"Don't f*cking talk nonsense in front of me, you piece of trash!" Qin Sheng sneered. "Now, face your third death!"

-10354000!

A terrifying 2,200% damage. Due to the disability, one of the arms was cut off. Naturally, the Dragon Scale defense was broken. The penetration caused more than 10 million damage.

As for Dragon Abyss itself, when it was suppressed to Level 34, it only had 34 million health points.

In other words.

One-third of Long Yuan's health points were depleted by the sword!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

…

Countless green recovery numbers flashed above Long Yuan's head.

Even though the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison did not last that long, when he was poisoned to death just now, Long Yuan had dispersed his body on his own and used the energy to revive his body.

Naturally.

The toxins that had been acting on his body had also disintegrated.

So.

The second time he revived, he was not poisoned at all. He recovered 500,000 health points in a terrifying second and revived again.

Unfortunately.

It was useless.

Because.

On Qin Luo's right ear, a certain earring was shining brightly.

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

Swoosh…

Long Yuan, who was picking up the broadsword with the help of the energy Broken Limb Rebirth, rushed towards Qin Sheng. However, all of a sudden, a feeling that made his heart palpitate suddenly appeared. Long Yuan immediately stopped in his tracks and retreated rapidly instead.

“Brat, what did you do?”

Long Yuan's expression was filled with fear as his body tensed up. The mysterious death aura lingering around his body made him nervous.

"Nothing much, I just did some preparation work!"

Qin Luo Sheng had an extremely evil smile on his face as he said coldly, "A preparation for you to meet death!—Death's embrace!"

In an instant.

The gates of the Underworld opened.

The illusory image of the Grim Reaper suddenly appeared, floating behind Qin Sheng.

"Kid, we meet again!"

Unlike last time, this time, the Death God had actually sent his consciousness down again. Qin Sheng and Qin Luo were very enthusiastic as they greeted him. "Why? You've encountered an enemy you can't deal with again. Do you need my power? Tsk, I've told you long ago that if you accept me, you'll obtain a great power that you can't imagine. So great that it's enough for you to kill low-ranking gods!"

"Cut the crap and be your tool!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. He endured the impact of the evil brought by the Grim Reaper and held on to his heart and mind, protecting his spirit platform from the endless evil desires that would destroy his willpower.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… How impolite!"

The Death God laughed loudly. "Interesting, truly interesting. You're the first person who dares to speak to this god like this. Indeed, humans are different from others. However, the more you behave like this, the more this god wants to obtain you!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

——————

P.S.