Chapter 739: Terrifying Single Body Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Pearl

"Crazy!"

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not know that in just a few seconds, the mental journey that Long Yuan had gone through, looking at the somewhat abnormal Qin Sheng, had directly classified him as a "lunatic"!

Still.

Even though he did not know what had happened to the Dragon Abyss, Qin Sheng could still make some guesses based on his gaze.

This child.

He had suffered!

Except.

What did this have to do with Qin Sheng?

Who the f*ck wasn't a baby?

I'm still a fucking twenty year old child!

Since they were both children, in the same boat and in the same boat, they should—

Fuck him!

Scientific proof.

If a person was not in a good mood and kept it in their heart without venting it out, it would easily cause problems in their body, such as grievance, discomfort, stomachache, liver pain, etc. It was truly terrifying.

Other than that.

His mental state was especially serious.

There was an extremely high chance of distorting one's personality and turning into a pervert based on one's personal desires, a murderer, a QJ criminal, or an arsonist…

So.

He should vent his grievances and not keep them in his heart. That was the best solution. After all, he had to sort them out from the source. He had to treat the symptoms and the root of the problem. The cost was also the lowest!

Something like that.

As one of the Five Good Youths of the New Era, the successor of the Party, and the vanguard of the Outstanding Era, I will take on the responsibility!

‘ You’re welcome.’

Call me Lei Feng!

…

"This kid is really ruthless!"

Outsiders naturally had no way of knowing the thoughts of the two parties involved. They could sense that Qin Sheng was accumulating strength and was about to unleash an attack. While they were both shocked, they were also sighing in admiration.

"The dragon race has stepped on an iron plate this time!"

The group of foreign guests looked at the high-level leaders of the Dragon Race sitting in the Dragon Race's seats with ashen expressions. They looked as if their parents had died, and they sneered in their hearts. "Not only did they reject such a talented and extremely lucky future super powerhouse who is favored by the gods, but they even completely offended him. They are truly extremely stupid."

"The worst thing is that we can't cut the weeds and eliminate the roots, nip the crisis in the bud. After all, the matter of the Terrifying Dragon Platform has already spread. In addition to the previous lesson of the Bear Mountain, as long as anything happens to this human brat, the first thing that happens will be blamed on the dragon clan."

“Moreover, the most important thing is that this little brat is someone the Dragon God values greatly. His will descended, personally protecting him, and even punishing more than a hundred true dragons for him. This is simply crazy.”

"This way, no matter how unhappy the dragon race is, they won't dare to act rashly. At least on the surface, they won't dare to go against the will of the Dragon God. Tsk, this is really tragic. I'm afraid the dragon race will have another ancestor in the future!"

Everyone present was a big shot and not stupid. With a thought, they figured out the crux of the matter.

Now.

Many big shots looked at Qin Luo who was on the Terrifying Dragon Platform with glowing eyes.

Among them.

The golden-winged roc youth, who was the mortal enemy of the dragon race, had a favorable impression of the qilin race powerhouse because of the qilin aura on his body… He valued him even more. He was already thinking about something in his heart!

He was a ruthless, decisive, and ruthless person. He also had great ability and potential that was like flying in the sky. Wasn't this worth roping in investors?

Even though they were as arrogant as the dragon race, they would not be stupid. They would not be like the dragon race, who would hold a king bomb and beat it to pieces!

"You want to swallow me? Do you have the ability?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered and activated the [Coiling Dragon Water] once more. Instantly, three colors flashed. "Forbidden Curse Triple Dragon Drama Bead!"

Golden dragon soul!

Blue water dragon soul!

Red Fire Dragon Soul!

In that instant, everyone appeared.

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

"Ang…"

The three energy dragons exploded and jumped out of the [Coiling Dragon Water]. They swooped down and surrounded Long Yuan with the power of Heaven and Earth under Long Yuan's astonished and disbelieving gaze. They locked onto the direction of Long Yuan's escape.

"Explode!"

Along with Qin Sheng's indifferent words, the dragon eyes of Long Yuan, who was treated as a "pearl" in the Triple Dragon Drill Pearl widened. He wanted to escape but could not. He could only watch helplessly as the golden dragon, water dragon and fire dragon exploded with a loud bang.

Three types of energies were mixed together, especially those that were incompatible with fire and water. How terrifying was the power released from the fusion and explosion?

The damage was as high as 3000%. It was simply killing!

Instantly.

The 300m long body of the Dragon Lake was buried.

The entire world was left with an incomparably dazzling tri-colored light that transformed into a huge mushroom cloud that was revealed to the many big shots watching the battle.

"Hiss…"

Not to mention the spectators, even Qin Luo, the initiator, was not bad.

This was a forbidden spell that had been awakened after [Coiling Dragon Water] absorbed the Dragon Emperor's Origins and evolved to the Mythical stage. He had never used it before.

Unexpectedly.

The f*ck, the effect was so explosive.

A mushroom cloud.

This is a mushroom cloud.

A nuclear bomb comparable to the real world.

That was the ultimate weapon of mankind!

Now.

In this game world, it was actually controlled by me.

Invincible!

-24860000!

A huge damage number appeared above Dragon Abyss's head.

Qin Sheng was flabbergasted at the sight of the explosive damage of close to 25 million.

A single-target killing forbidden spell was terrifying!

In an instant.

Dragon Abyss, which originally had almost 70% health, fell to the bottom in a second and was almost killed instantly.

Still.

The attack was not over yet.

Due to the powerful performance of [Forbidden Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Pearl], the explosion point directly blew up the Dragon Abyss. As a result, the Sky Screen of the Dragon in the sky could no longer be maintained and instantly disappeared.

Without the obstruction of the Curtain of Dragons, the energy bullets of [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance], which lasted for 30 seconds, poured down once again and landed heavily on Long Yuan's body, bombarding his broken body that had just been drenched in blood by the Triple Dragon Drill.

Gone.

The Dragon Abyss that had been baptized by the Li Water Essence and the two forbidden spells was completely gone.

He was killed again.

"Ang…"

As expected, the dragon's roar sounded again.

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen, but he did not curse.

He was revived again!

Was this bastard an unkillable cockroach?

This damn system is too shameless!

I'm just a Second Stage Professional and I'm fighting against a full level LV100, half-step Mythical, and a f*cking True Dragon. It's fine if I have to fight one-on-one with a big shot who has a racial advantage.

I wouldn't mind resurrecting once or twice.

After all.

Even the stronger and more special Epic Bosses had revival skills. Half-step Mythical Bosses would give them face. Two more times?

But now?

He had already been resurrected three times!

Can you let others play with you?

Was the SSS mission supposed to be so difficult?

WQNLGBD!

“Dragon Pearl, Green Dragon’s Dragon Pearl!”

The light from the explosion had yet to dissipate and Long Yuan's body could not be seen. However, a dragon pearl that was emitting a vein-like green light soared into the sky first. Under everyone's gaze, it shattered and turned into a gentle energy rain that poured down.

Dragon Abyss.

He was revived once again, returning to his peak!

——————

< EMPTY >