Chapter 731: Qin Luo'S Trump Card

"Explode!"

The cold shout made Long Yuan, who was still spouting nonsense, stop.

"Pfft!"

Another mouthful of blood spurted out of Long Yuan’s mouth.

Compared to last time.

This time, his spitting posture was even more elegant, and the blood had become even darker and thicker. Furthermore, it was emitting an extremely strong stench that made one feel nauseous.

"Do you really think I have the time to chat with you?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered, "I'm waiting for the poison to fully erupt. What about you? What are you waiting for?"

"Brat, you're really something!"

Long Yuan held his black broadsword and used the original divine weapon as a walking stick. His face was filled with hatred. "I admit defeat this time. However, do you think this battle will end here? Dream on! I will return the damage you have inflicted on me tenfold or even a hundredfold later!"

As he spoke.

Long Yuan spat out another mouthful of blood.

Qin Sheng, who had activated the Probing Skill at any time, could directly observe the health points of Long Yuan. They were falling in a straight line like a waterfall and could not stop in time.

"Chi!"

Long Yuan was indeed a veteran who had been on the battlefield before. He was ruthless and decisive, extremely terrifying. With a malevolent look on his face, he stabbed his finger into his chest.

This fellow.

He actually stabbed himself in the heart!

How ruthless!

And smart enough.

Knowing that he could not be saved at all, he immediately committed suicide to get rid of the double toxins. Not only would he suffer greater humiliation, but that indescribable pain would also cause him endless harm and torture, damaging his spirit.

"Realm Everlasting Rebirth!"

After losing his life, Long Yuan's body was annihilated. However, in the next second, he revived at an extremely fast speed and borrowed the power of his domain to revive once again.

"Only one life?"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned.

Qin Sheng, the half-step Mythical Boss, did not think that Long Yuan could revive only once.

After killing him once, he had already used all of his trump cards, all of his augmentation skills, and even used the incomparably precious Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. He had even used Li Water to scheme against him before succeeding.

Even though Li Water was the special effect of [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and could be used endlessly, there was not only one serving of Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. Currently, there were still two servings, and he could use it again two more times.

Yet.

The conditions were perfect, but the people were different.

How could Long Yuan, who had once been a villain, be so stupid as to fall into the same pit twice?

Defeating the strong with the weak!

It was supposed to be a surprise attack, a battle of information.

Now.

Now that he had revealed his trump card and Long Yuan had gained control of the battle information, the already unbalanced balance of victory was leaning towards Long Yuan.

Ding… Your amplification skill, Swimming Serpent Step effect time is over! '

"Ding! Your augmentation skill, Blood Eruption, has ended!"

Ding… Your enhancement skill, Heart of Courage effect time is over! '

Ding… time limit for your enhancement skill Sirius! '

Ding…

When it rains, it pours.

He had already been fighting with Long Yuan for more than half a minute, and because he had been waiting for the poison to fully erupt, he had waited for nearly half a minute. At this moment, it just happened to be the end of the one-minute enhancement skill.

"I can feel that your strength has weakened!"

The resurrected Long Yuan looked at Qin Sheng, whose appearance had not changed much. His eyes were cold. "In the end, an ant is just an ant. How can the power borrowed from external forces be compared to the hard power that I've painstakingly cultivated for ten thousand years?"

"You talk too much!" Qin Luo said impatiently. "Whether you're an ant or not, you'll know once you give it a try!"

"Disgraceful?" Long Yuan sneered. "Too low-level!—Die!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

Qin Sheng quickly compared the stats difference between his current and Long Yuan's. He instantly chose a battle plan and abandoned his skills. He changed his previous sword qi mid-range wild battle and initiated absolute close combat.

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

The black broadsword and Coiling Dragon Liquid constantly collided, sending out endless sparks.

"Such strength!"

Qin Luo Sheng suppressed the soreness in his arms and the discomfort from the numbness in his thumb and index finger. His heart was palpitating wildly. "As expected of a black dragon that specializes in physical strength. This strength is simply terrifying!"

"Brat, you have guts to fight me head-on!"

Long Yuan laughed madly: "Not to mention that you are currently in my territory, even if you did not, you are still the first person to dare to compete with my Black Dragon Clan! As expected of the first person to pass Lord Dragon God's trial, you are so confident!"

"No, this can't continue!"

Ignoring Long Yuan's sarcasm, Qin Sheng felt the pain from the overlapping swordplay with Long Yuan's. The pain was transmitted to his body and accumulated, showing signs of being unable to withstand it and about to collapse.

"Because of the Spiritual Energy Activation Talisman, the CD of all my skills has been reduced by 80%. I originally wanted to hold on for one minute and let the original five minutes pass, but in reality, Skywolf, who only has one minute of CD, has finished cooldown and used it again to recover to its peak state. Now it seems that the old fox Long Yuan has already seen through my predicament and will not give me the chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng was incomparably furious. "Motherf*cker! If it wasn't for this damned arena battle and the Dragon Abyss Domain enveloping the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform, I wouldn't have been forced to such an extent. A casual tug would have been enough to stall for a minute!"

"Shadow Clone!"

Qin Sheng took advantage of the opportunity and left a clone behind. He charged forward resolutely and entangled Dragon Abyss. His main body seized the opportunity and retreated abruptly, not giving Dragon Abyss any chance to entangle him.

"Tsk, that's it?"

After shattering the clone with a single sword strike, Long Yuan mocked, "It's only been fifteen seconds. Is this all you've got? It looks like other than playing some tricks, you're just an ant in terms of true combat strength!"

"That's right. Compared to you, I am indeed like an ant!"

Qin Luo Sheng stood with his sword in his hand, his expression indifferent, as if his defense had not been broken by Long Yuan's mockery. "However, even ants can bite an elephant to death!"

"Is that so?" Long Yuan laughed. "There is indeed such a saying when there are many ants biting an elephant to death. Unfortunately, what can an ant like you do to me? Furthermore, I'm not an elephant, but a dragon, a dragon that roams the nine heavens!"

"So what if it's a dragon? It's not like I haven't killed one before!"

Qin Luo Sheng said, "Not to mention Long Yin who was killed at the Flying Bear Mountain three days ago, just now, six dragons were killed right under your eyes. If I remember correctly, one of them is your biological younger brother!"

"Are you trying to anger me?" Long Yuan's eyes turned cold. "Congratulations, you've succeeded! I originally wanted to have a chat with you, to take advantage of your wish and give you a chance to stall for time. Then, when you have hope, I'll ruthlessly trample on you, extinguishing your hope and making you despair. Unfortunately, your mouth disgusts me. Therefore, I'll take back my benevolence of letting you live a little longer. Now, immediately, I'll step on your rotten mouth and make you speechless!"

"What an interesting speech!" Qin Sheng laughed wildly, his eyes wild. "Since you're so interested, then I'll entertain you for a bit! Coincidentally, I'm also getting tired of playing. Then, the warm-up is over, the main competition begins now!—Take this, the broken Longevity Lock!"