Chapter 736: Flying Rain-Dragon Shadow Wing Slash, Dragon-Breaking Abyss Body

"As expected of the Dragon Lord. Disregarding everything else, just this pride is worthy of this status!"

Long Yuan sneered.

The word "Lord Dragon Lord" was especially clear. Even an idiot could hear that he was mocking him.

"Cut the crap, let's fight again!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his arms wide, as if he was embracing heaven and earth, as if the entire world was in his embrace. As he moved, he suddenly flicked his back, and a pair of huge wings filled with mysticism suddenly appeared. It was the perfect Class Advancement reward that he had just obtained from Ge Lin—Wings of the Rain Dragon!

"So what if I turn into a dragon? If I can kill you once, twice, thrice, I can kill you four times, five times, six times!"

Qin Luo said arrogantly.

"Arrogant!"

These words made Long Yuan's face turn as black as the bottom of a pot. Fortunately, he had transformed into a black dragon, so it was not very obvious. However, the aura that he had displayed in that instant was telling everyone how angry he was.

"Hmph, useless trash!"

Qin Luo Sheng harrumphed coldly as he half-squatted. Then, he abruptly stomped on the ground. Borrowing the rebound force from the stomp, he shot straight into the sky like an arrow that had left the bowstring and charged towards the Dragon Abyss that was spiraling in the sky. "Die!"

"Bastard!"

Such a straightforward charge and such a foolish attack that no one cared about made Long Yuan furious. His body, which was gnashing his teeth, moved and he crawled downwards. Opening his huge dragon mouth, he bit fiercely at Qin Sheng's path of attack. "I'll swallow you whole!"

"Triple Eagle Stomp!”

Shriek ~

The cry of an eagle rang out as Qin Sheng's body moved in the air in an extremely graceful manner. He turned three times in a row and easily dodged the giant mouth of the Dragon Abyss. At the same time, he moved above the Dragon Abyss and switched places with him.

"Flying Dragon—Shadow Wing Slash!"

The king of the Dragon Race could even be said to be the god of the Dragon Race. He was a Connate being born in the ancient times and had the wings of a Flying Dragon with a trace of the remnant soul of a Flying Dragon. Under the activation of Qin Sheng's true dragon bloodline, an aura that was no weaker than that of the Dragon God burst forth.

Swish…

The energy Wyrm flapped its wings and swooped down, slashing at Long Yuan’s body!

Clang clang clang clang clang clang…

The thirty-meter straight slash shockwave had the same effect as the dragon soul shockwave. The difference was that the dragon soul shockwave was an energy shockwave. It relied on the power of the three-colored dragon soul to unleash an explosive suppression. The Wings of the Winged Dragon was a slash shockwave that transformed into a sharp 'sword' and executed a burst sweep.

In other words.

The dragon soul attack was more like a magic attack!

Winged Dragon Shadow Wing Slash was a physical attack!

Originally, there was nothing special about the Wings of the Rain-Dragon. However, when Qin Sheng used it on the dragon race, the effects were tremendous.

Fate Dimension had never relied solely on data!

Same reason.

In terms of skills, it was not just the interface. Many skills, the higher the level, the more hidden effects there were!

The Wings of the Wings of the Rain-Dragon were the wings shed by an underage Enlightened Dragon. Together with the existence of a Divine Craftsman, they were created using many precious materials.

What sort of existence was a Winged Dragon?

That was the god of the dragon race, an innate god. He had the power to create the world, save the world, and destroy the world. Even if the Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon were not the progenitor of the Flying Rain-Dragon that was born naturally, but were its descendants, how could a dragon that had been passed down for countless generations compare to it?

Besides.

This wasn’t merely a simulation of a Winged Dragon, and it truly possessed a trace of the aura of a Winged Dragon!

When he used the skill, he had relied on Qin Luo's Dragon Clan bloodline, which contained the Dragon God's blood, to trigger it. Although he did not know if the Dragon God was the innate Ancestor, Ying Long, there was no doubt that he was either an existence on the same level or an existence that was almost the same.

The activation of bloodlines of the same level and even of the same origin allowed the strength of the Wings of the Rain-Dragon to awaken, triggering the hidden effect, causing the might of the Wings of the Rain-Dragon to become even deeper. Especially since the Wings of the Rain-Dragon belonged to the level of the Dragon God, for a race that respected bloodlines like the Dragon Race, the restraint was rather terrifying.

As time went on, the Flying Rain-Dragon Shadow Wing Slash became even more powerful, and it could even trigger hidden effects.

For example!

The originally ineffective break effect on the Boss was now effective!

"Ang…"

His massive body was unable to evade Qin Luosheng's sudden attack, and Long Yuan was instantly struck by the Winged Dragon Shadow Wings. A force that caused his heart to palpitate violently erupted, and indescribable pain radiated from his body. He couldn't help but let out a howl filled with pain.

“Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison!”

Long Yuan's indestructible body had been sliced apart by the Winged Dragon Shadow Wing Slash. Red dragon flesh tumbled and blood that contained immense power spilled out. Without hesitation, he took out another porcelain bottle. It was the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. He tossed it brazenly and infused it into the wound.

“Bastard!”

A broken body was a fatal injury, but it was nothing to many races, such as earthworms or geckos.

Although the dragon race did not count, the Black Dragon King, Long Yuan, counted!

With a powerful body and a broken body that was triggered by a special effect, it was considered an "opportunistic" type. Naturally, it wouldn't be that serious!

Hence.

Long Yuan burned his own blood essence and used a secret technique to close up his body, which had only a small cut on it.

"Raindragon aura?"

Long Yuan's dragon eyes were filled with fear, especially when he saw that the wings on Qin Luo Sheng's back had already spread out. The aura that was transmitted out accurately from the wings made him extremely fearful.

As a dragon, how could he not know about the Flying Rain-Dragon?

That was the Ancestral Dragon of the dragon race, the Ancestral Dragon! He was a super ancestor!

Even if they didn't know each other, the pressure that came from deep within their blood and genes couldn't be faked!

"Cut the crap, die!"

As he flapped his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon, thanks to the special effects of these wings, Qin Sheng was not only able to soar into the sky freely, he was also able to perform better despite the air resistance and flow. He was even more agile and incomparably swift as he charged straight into the Dragon Lake.

"Get lost!"

As Qin Luo Sheng gradually pounced in, the aura of the Winged Dragon grew stronger. The fear in his genes was magnified and the Dragon Abyss was trembling. Without any hesitation, he lashed out with his tail, wanting to stop Qin Luo Sheng from approaching. In fact, he wanted to do it in one fell swoop and crush Qin Luo's tail into meat paste!

"Too slow!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body was like a shadow of a flowing light. He nimbly shifted around in the air and circled around the dragon lake. The powerful and heavy ferocious attacks easily circled around his tail a few times before he stood on his thousand feet long body.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

"Slash, slash, slash, slash…"

——————

Author's Note: [Flying Rain-Dragon Shadow Wing Slash] consumes 5,000 Mana. Activates the Flying Rain-Dragon's power in the Wings of the Rain-Dragon and transforms it into the energy form of the Flying Rain-Dragon. It will create a sharp shockwave from the attack that is 30 meters in front of you. It will cause 500% damage and has an additional breaking effect (This effect is ineffective against the Boss)! Cooldown: 5 hours!