Chapter 730: "Decided", Dragon Abyss Hero As The Scapegoat

"Pfft…"

Black blood mixed with pieces of internal organs sprayed out from Long Yuan’s mouth.

"What happened?"

The Terrifying Dragon Arena was in an uproar.

On the dragon race's side, many dragon kings even stood up and spread out their divine senses to search for the hidden existence that "ambushed" Long Yuan.

"Who? Who is it? Come out!"

The might of his voice shook the heavens and the earth.

"Stop shouting, I did it!"

Qin Luo dug his ears and looked impatiently at the roaring old dragon. He said unhappily, "This is the final battle between me and Long Yuan. As an audience, you should be a good audience and not make a fool of yourself. Or do you want to interfere?"

"You…"

The old dragon, who had let out a dragon's roar, was stunned for a moment before anger rose in his heart. He was so angry that his entire body was trembling.

"Brat!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not intimidated at all. On the contrary, he had a provocative expression on his face. Not only was the old dragon named Daolord rebuked, but the other Dragon Kings, elders, and hall masters also had sullen expressions that could not conceal their anger.

"Sit down!"

The Dragon Emperor's cold voice suddenly rang out. The imposing and domineering aura that did not allow for rejection made the angry high-level Dragon Clan's higher-ups gasp. They glared hatefully at Qin Sheng and endured their anger before sitting down obediently.

"Tsk!"

Qin Luo Sheng made a sound unhappily.

"What an old fox."

He was not an idiot. He was wasting his precious amplification time to argue with a group of outsiders. Instead, he wanted to infuriate the higher-ups of the dragon race. If those guys could not endure it and personally went down, that would be an opportunity.

How sacred was the Terrifying Dragon Platform?

This was the place to resolve the internal conflicts of the dragon race!

Even the Dragon Monarch was not allowed to interfere.

Up here.

Basically, they were the kind that would never be reconciled until death. They belonged to the arena of life and death.

And now, this battle was being watched by the entire world.

If the dragon race bullied the weak and bullied the strong, then the consequences would be…

With such a situation, Qin Sheng was completely on the side of reason. Victory could be declared in this difficult battle. In the worst case scenario, it would be left unsettled and thus escape the calamity.

Even if this caused the completion rate of SSS-rank missions to be extremely low and the rewards to be weakened.

But was this the time to care about that?

F*cking mission failure was equivalent to deleting his account!

Who cares about the completion percentage?

If he could complete it, he would be thanking the gods.

Unfortunately.

The other party did not fall for it.

Or rather…

They were tricked, but they were stopped at the most crucial moment by the Dragon Emperor.

Tsk!

Not only did he not get anything, he even offended someone further and wasted a few seconds.

"What… did you do?"

Long Yuan coughed out blood as he roared furiously.

"Do you think I was just fooling around?"

Qin Luo sneered and raised the Coiling Dragon Li Water in his hand at the same time. "When I attacked you, I injected Li Water into your body!"

"Li Water?" Long Yuan's face turned pale with fright. "The Li Water of the Ten Great Wonders of the Heaven and Earth?"

"Yoho! As expected of the Dragon King, you're indeed experienced and knowledgeable!" Qin Sheng said, "That's right, it's the Water Separation of the Ten Great Wonders. Water Separation plus the Heaven Decimating Corpse Poison that was injected just now, these two types of poison are mixed together. Your Black Dragon King's physical body is indeed powerful, and your dragon scales are even harder to penetrate. Unfortunately, this is only on the surface. Your internal organs are still as weak as before. The more intense your movements are, the more frequently you use energy, the more your blood flows and heart beats will accelerate, causing the poison to spread even faster.—How is it? How does it feel now?"

"Despicable!"

Long Yuan roared.

"Despicable?" Qin Sheng laughed coldly. "All is fair in war. This has always been the case since ancient times. You've lived for so many years in vain, and you're still a veteran who has been on the battlefield. How can you not understand such simple logic? This is the Terrifying Dragon Arena! The cruel arena of life and death where the loser loses everything. You want to talk about nobility with me? Could it be that you're still a knight? Ha ~"

Long Yuan: "You…"

"Stop, stop, stop, stop!" Qin Luo Sheng said, "Speaking of despicable, how much better are you than me? Bullying the weak, bullying the strong, going back and forth to the honor of the Dragon King, forcing me to fight on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, and even on the eve of the final battle, making your younger brother Long Zhan lead more than ten true dragons to set traps in the Flying Bear Mountain to kill me. What you've done, is there even a trace of contempt?"

"Don't slander me!" Long Yuan said angrily, "This has nothing to do with me!"

"Oh, now it has nothing to do with you?" Qin Sheng's gaze was scornful. "You didn't say that when I killed your brother just now. You admitted it happily. What? Now that your brother is dead, you immediately changed your words? Dragon King? Hahaha… I spit!"

Long Yuan was livid!

In the Dragon Clan’s seating area, all the high-level members of the Dragon Clan, including the Dragon Monarch, had ugly expressions on their faces.

Qin Luo Sheng's "spit" not only crushed Long Yuan's integrity to the ground, it also "spat" their dragon race's reputation onto the ground, just like a disgusting phlegm.

Their dragon race was smelly!

Regardless of whether it was ordered by the higher-ups, the Dragon Race's reputation had already exploded.

The others didn't care so much, nor were they interested in investigating the so-called inside story!

Is it true that you dragons ambushed them?

Besides.

"The ambushers are not marginal figures. They are the nephews of the current high-level Dragon Race. They are the direct descendants of the Dragon Race. In the future, they will replace you and become the new high-level Dragon Race.

If it was just one or two of them, it could be evaded. However, among the dozen or so branches of the Dragon race, besides a few that did not participate, the rest had all joined. Wasn’t it the higher-ups who had given the order? Were you trying to fool them?

"Stop it. Your quibbling is so weak that even I can't listen to it anymore. You want to stop the mouths of everyone in the world? Dream on!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave the final word.

Regardless of whether it was Long Yuan or not, he had to take the shit first.

At the same time.

He could even give the dragon race some eye candy.

Two birds with one stone!

Didn't you refuse to hand over the mastermind?

‘ Sure.’

Then I'll just 'find' one myself!

Unfortunately.

Long Yuan became the scapegoat!

As the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, taking the blame was enough!

Even if they could not find the real mastermind to settle the score, they could still disgust the dragon race.

She didn't want to be so ruthless.

After all.

As the Dragon Lord, he had a decent relationship with the Dragon Emperor. Coupled with his reverence and gratitude towards the Dragon God, on account of their small relationship, and as a Chinese with the Dragon as his totem, he had a special attachment to the True Dragon that other countries could not understand. He loved his house and his crow, and he had a good impression of the Dragon Race.

Yet.

The dragons did not think so.

The battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform was originally proposed by Long Yuan in order to escape punishment. It was an internal conflict and everyone was on the same side. They could just close the door and settle it.

Even when he was forced to accept Qin Luo's challenge, he had never complained. After accepting the challenge, he would focus on improving his strength and deal with this battle.

Unfortunately.

Some guys had serious racism and insisted on causing trouble, which resulted in the current situation.

This was great.

The internal strife became known to the world.

Now, it was impossible to close the door and solve the problem. The Golden-Winged Great Peng, Phoenix, Qilin, and other great clans had allied together. How could you not give them face and refuse them?

No!

‘ Then open the door.’

What happened after opening the door?

They were just watching the battle, and they didn't even dare to play any tricks.

In addition, the wrongdoings at Furious Bears Ridge would magnify every action of his, and he would be judged by others. With the preconceived notion that whatever you did, even if you frowned, others would think that you were up to something.

What should he do?

Ha ~

What else could he do other than lying down and letting them mock him?

"Sharp-tongued!"

Unable to defend himself, Long Yuan roared out in rage, "So what if I am? So what if I'm not? Today, Yours Truly is going to kill you! Even if you were to pin this crime on Yours Truly, who can do anything to me?"

“Slaughter me? Then you’re boasting.”

A strange light flashed in Qin Luo Sheng's eyes as he stretched out his hand. His five fingers slowly closed into a fist as he shouted sternly, "Explode!"