Chapter 735: Domain Breakthrough, Dragon Abyss Evolution

F*ck.

Are you talking about yourself!

What kind of words were these?

"Cut the crap, get to work!"

Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and resisted the urge to complain. After enduring the negative energy, he shouted hoarsely, "— Death's Embrace!"

In an instant.

The illusory figure of the God of Death opened its arms and looked at the retreating Long Yuan with indescribable eyes.

His gaze seemed to have passed through time, space, and layers of barriers before landing on Long Yuan.

"Ah…"

Long Yuan felt as though he had been struck by lightning. His body stiffened as he started to tremble.

-90000000!

Without a doubt.

Even a half-step Mythical Dragon Abyss could not escape the judgment of the Death God.

A huge damage number appeared above Dragon Abyss's head.

90 million!

It wasn't 36 million!

The total Health Points calculated was 90% of 100 million!

Qin Luo was shocked.

F*ck!

I was going to throw up.

Long Yuan was dead. He was killed instantly.

But Qin Sheng, the victor, had put on a mask of pain.

If he had known that this was the case, he would not have used Life-Extinguishing Strike to reduce 10% of his health points. He could have used Death's Embrace to instakill him. Wouldn't he have just used a skill?

What a great loss!

Not only did he let one of his trump cards, Life-Extinguishing Strike, enter CD mode, but he also lost an Epic Enhancement + 10 equipment!

The loss of equipment was acceptable.

It was an over-exploitation. At level 40, with the Legendary Duality Dao Sword and Demonic Armament Blood Demon Sword waiting for it, the Dragon Slaying Sword was not presentable. The only thing waiting for it was to sell.

Money.

Qin Luo was not lacking.

Even if the Dragon Slaying Sword was worth at least ten million, he could afford to lose it.

But.

The timing of the losses was not right!

He was a swordsman.

Now that he didn't have a sword, it wasn't as exaggerated as losing an arm, but it really affected his combat strength!

It was fatal!

"Splash…"

Just as Qin Luo was lamenting and regretting his decision, the sound of a mirror shattering attracted his attention.

He saw…

After being killed by the God of Death's gaze, Long Yuan revived as expected. This time, he absorbed all the black energy that shrouded the Terrifying Dragon Platform like a whale before recovering.

Yet.

With the black energy gone, the domain was like a fragile mirror. It completely broke apart and disappeared!

"The chance is here!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng felt the warm sunlight that had once again spilled onto his body without the domain enveloping him. His entire body glowed once more.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Sirius!"

“Leopard Rush!”

"…"

With 80% CD reduction, the original five minutes of CD enhancement skills were cooled down in one minute.

Just now.

This was because the interrogation of the broken Longevity Lock had delayed him by quite a bit. It had given Qin Sheng the chance to use these augmentation skills again!

"Kill!"

Qin Luo waved [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and charged towards the revived Long Yuan with great momentum.

"Without your domain and the Black Dragon Armor, let's see how you fight me!"

The Dragon Abyss's powerful threat came from his extremely terrifying defense and recovery abilities. In other words, his body. Now that his domain had been shattered, he no longer had the various powers of his domain. Even with his strength at the half-step Mythical stage, he could only suffer a beating.

"You're quite capable. I admit that I've underestimated you!"

Long Yuan's cold eyes swept across. The killing intent reflected in his eyes made Qin Sheng shiver all over. "However, it ends here. You were right just now. The warm-up ends. Now, the main competition begins!—Ang!"

A loud dragon's roar shook the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform.

"What happened?"

Qin Sheng, who was rushing forward with his sword in hand, lost his balance and almost fell down. He stabbed the [Coiling Dragon Water] into the ground in time to stabilize himself. When he looked up, his soul almost left his body.

"Damn it, I knew it wasn't that simple!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

"Isn't this too f*cking difficult? Dragon Abyss is a half-step Mythical BOSS with extraordinary strength. It's not something that players can deal with. Only someone like me, who has awakened an SSS-level super-god talent, can deal with it. In addition, I've been accumulating experience all this while and used various bug-level abilities and props to barely achieve my current results."

Looking at the hundred-meter long Dragon Abyss that had transformed from a human form into a dragon form and returned to its original form, the dragon scales that shone with a black metallic luster, and the mighty dragon might that shook the heavens and earth, Qin Sheng was dumbfounded. "I've been resurrected instantly after killing three times in a row, and now you're returning to your dragon form and asking me to start over and kill three more times? Isn't that disgusting?"

Probing skill!

Dragon Abyss (Half-Legendary Boss)

Level: 34

Health: 45000000 / 1000000

Mana: 10000000 / 35000000

Physical Attack: 600000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,500,000

Magic Defense: 1200000

Speed: 1,80000

Skills:???

Introduction: Dragon Abyss, Black Dragon Clan, Dragon King of the Dragon Clan. He ruled over the Black Dragon Clan and held a high position and authority. His strength was tyrannical. He once fought against the world with the previous Dragon Emperor and made countless contributions. Later on, due to the failure of the war between the human race and the dragon race, he suffered a reckoning. Coincidentally, he failed to fight for the position of the Dragon Emperor with the current Dragon Emperor, Long Ye. As a result, he was marginalized and left Dragon Island in anger. He went to the bottom of the Soul Burial Abyss to guard the Dragon God's treasure and did not appear for a thousand years!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Haha!

This attribute!

It was simply nauseating.

Other than the fact that there was no change in the grade, the other aspects had all been enhanced.

His Health Points were as high as 45,000,000, his Attack Power was as high as 600,000, he had 50,000 Defense Points, 1.2 million Magic Defense, and his speed was shockingly 180,000!

F*ck!

Who bullies others like you?

So what if you have a strong foundation?

It was one thing to be resurrected three times, but to be able to change forms and continue becoming stronger?

Even if you are a SSS mission, you can't be so shameless and unreasonable, right?

If you really don't want to let me pass, just say it. What are you doing, torturing me?

"Ant, die!"

After breaking free from the restraints of his human form, Long Yuan, who had returned to his original form, stretched out his Black Dragon body in the air as much as he liked. The terrifying strength of his physical body was displayed in front of Qin Sheng without reservation, causing him to fall silent.

"Although I expected this to happen, I still find it hard to accept it!"

Qin Luo sighed. "I thought that you would be unable to transform back into your dragon form after your strength was suppressed. I didn't expect that all of this was only natural for me. You're too naive!"

"This king is the Black Dragon King. How can I abandon my strongest true dragon body? This is the capital this king is proud of. Little brat, you can be proud of being able to force this king to reveal my true body. Now, obediently stretch out your neck and die. This king can let you die with dignity!"

Long Yuan said proudly.

"Slaughter him? Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng covered his face and laughed wildly. His wild and unruly appearance attracted everyone's attention. "Just… just… you?"