Chapter 744: Anger And… Guidance!

[True Dragon Transformation] could only be awakened if one had the blood of a true dragon in one's body. It could only be activated when the blood boiled and the blood of a true dragon raged. Duration:???? Cooldown:???

This skill seemed to have awakened the true dragon bloodline in the past. Along with Dragon Might and Dragon Blood Ignition, it had never been activated. However, it was lying quietly in the skill column until now.

"What should I do?"

Qin Luo hurriedly asked Xiaoxiao.

Now that Xiaoxiao had suggested it, this skill must be the key to breaking the situation.

Except.

Qin Luo did not know how to activate the 【 True Dragon Transformation 】. This skill introduction was really too vague.

"Anger and guidance!"

A faint voice appeared in his mind again.

"Anger and… guidance?"

Qin Luo was startled, not understanding his meaning.

He knew how angry he was, but now he was furious!

But this guidance.

What was going on?

Who would guide them?

Guiding what?

"Leave it to me!"

Xiaoxiao did not explain to Qin Sheng and used her actions instead.

Instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body trembled as he felt the blood in his body boiling. This boiling was not brought about by the boiling of blood, but by a surging current. Especially the blood in his heart that was concentrated on his blood essence, it was as if something was being nurtured and was about to break out of its shell and be reborn!

“This brat, what sort of trick is he playing again?”

In the outside world.

Relying on the Mirage Dragon Pearl to recover, Long Yuan watched as Qin Sheng, who had been clamoring earlier, suddenly stopped moving. He even closed his eyes in suspicion.

After a mere three minutes of battle, Long Yuan had suffered greatly. He had suffered countless times when facing this ant-like human.

He, the mighty Black Dragon King, the ruler of the Black Dragon Clan!

Unexpectedly.

To think that there would be such a day where a human would be abused like this on the sacred Terrifying Dragon Platform, in front of the entire tribe, in front of all the elites of the continent.

Besides.

This was not simply being abused, but being violently abused.

Instant kill.

He used the wildest and most barbaric method to break through his domain. He also used two trump cards, a green dragon pearl and a Clam Dragon Pearl, which became the laughing stock of the continent. This also caused the Dragon Race to lose their reputation once again.

‘ Yes.’

A Mirage Dragon Pearl sold everything.

Even if the dragons did not admit it, no one was stupid.

How could the Dragon Abyss possess the Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl?

Privately hiding the Dragon Pearl was a crime comparable to treason!

Later.

Even if the dragon race could quickly react and punish Long Yuan, and push all the blame onto Long Yuan.

However, everyone knew who was right and who was wrong. There was no escape!

Lying to oneself would only lead to one's own demise!

Long Yuan was very clear about this.

From the moment he took out the Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl, there was no turning back.

Either he died on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and became an eternal disgrace.

Either he would be judged by the dragon race afterward and become a sinner of the dragon race.

He chose the former.

Even if it was the Dragon Tomb that was eternally suppressed after the incident, he was unwilling to die on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and in the hands of Qin Luo Sheng. Not only did he die for the sake of taking revenge for his younger brother Long Zhan, but he also wanted to pave a future for the Black Dragon Race, avenge the second generation elites of the dozen or so branches that had died tragically for his sake, and also give the Dragon Race an explanation to clean up a huge calamity for the Dragon Race.

Sacrifice me alone, and I will be blessed with millions of families!

Long Yuan did not have such awareness.

However, he had no choice.

His biggest mistake was being dominated by hatred. He had underestimated Qin Sheng too much. He hadn't used his full strength at the first moment in order to vent the anger in his heart and abuse his revenge, resulting in the current situation.

"Are you trying to fool me?"

Qin Luo Sheng's strange situation made Long Yuan's scalp tingle.

As one of the most powerful members of the Black Dragon Tribe, he had been killed four or five times in just three minutes, and each death was extremely bizarre. How could he not be afraid?

Who knew what that brat was up to again?

Except.

He had no choice but to release the arrow.

If this continued, he would still be the one to suffer once Qin Sheng completed the ritual.

Long Yuan shuddered when he recalled the terrifying pressure from the Death God.

"Scorching Dragon Breath!"

Not daring to approach, Long Yuan could only use the most basic dragon breath of the dragon race to attack.

Instantly.

A dragon breath that was as hot as magma surged forward like a meteor shower, completely surrounding Qin Sheng.

"What's going on? He didn't move?"

Long Yuan was surprised.

Qin Luo's face was filled with disbelief as he watched Qin Sheng being struck by the dragon breath.

He knew Qin Luo's advantages and disadvantages very well.

The advantage was that there was no limit to the number of methods one could use. Moreover, every single one of them was extremely strange. Even an existence like him could be insta-killed in an instant. Or, even if he knew what kind of move he had been hit with, there was nothing he could do. He could either quietly wait for death, or spend a huge price to get rid of it, such as expending his blood essence or using the Dragon Pearl.

As for the flaws…

Weak!

Extremely weak.

After all, he was a human, a human that had yet to mature. How could he be compared to the Black Dragon King at his peak?

The most direct way of showing it was to casually lash out with his tail and then instantly kill Qin Sheng!

If not for the help of the treasure, that brat would have already died!

"Xiaoxiao, I…"

In his sea of consciousness, Qin Sheng, who was observing himself and unleashing his skills following the small guidance, suddenly sensed the signal of the outside world and was instantly shocked.

"Focus your mind and feel the trajectory of the movement!"

Xiaoxiao was unmoved. Her cold voice was firm.

"…Alright!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, ignoring himself and immersing himself completely.

"Ding… You are dead!"

"Ding… Life Goddess' Blessing has taken effect. You have been resurrected!"

Even though he had a powerful recovery ability (Life Talisman + Self Recovery), he could recover almost 48% of his health every second, almost half of it. In addition to the damage reduction and weakening, he also offset a portion of the damage from the dragon breath.

But.

Dragon King's Dragon Breath at the Dragon Abyss level was extremely terrifying even with the most basic means. After all, he was a half-step Mythical expert. How could he only have a powerful body?

In less than five seconds.

Qin Luo had died for the second time!

Still.

This time, he did not trigger the effect of the Heart-Protecting Mirror. The Heart-Protecting Mirror blocked the instant kill effect that exceeded his total health points. The Dragon Breath did not count. It continued to burn him to death.

"This…"

Seeing his dragon breath successfully burn Qin Luo, Long Yuan was stunned.

She instinctively took a step forward, but the next moment, her rationality returned and she retracted her foot.

"Impossible! This brat must be playing some trick!"