Chapter 745: Transforming Into A Dragon! Shocking! Inviting To Fight!

"Impossible! This brat must be playing some trick!"

Long Yuan's "wise" analysis.

If it were before, he would definitely have gone up without hesitation. However, after three minutes of fighting, he was really scared by Qin Sheng's various strange methods, afraid that this was another trap.

It was different now.

The domain was broken!

His dragon body was greatly damaged!

He had lost his blood essence!

The Green Dragon Bead had been consumed!

It was the same for the Sea Serpent Pearl!

Rong had to be careful.

Yet.

Five seconds later.

Qin Luo had died again.

Long Yuan was dumbfounded.

"This… this is impossible…"

Long Yuan said with certainty, "This bastard, in order to lure me into a trap, he put in so much effort. Alright then, this king wants to see how much ability you have. This daddy here will not stop for a moment, let's see how you deal with this! It's true that you have the ability to revive, but it's impossible for you to revive indefinitely. How long can you last if you revive once, twice, or thrice? In any case, this king won't suffer any losses. As long as you don't fall for it, you will lose the chance to revive for nothing.—Want to scheme against this king? Keep dreaming!"

Thus…

Long Yuan did not move again.

Five seconds later.

Qin Luo was once again killed.

Long Yuan continued to watch coldly and increased the output of dragon breath.

Except.

Just as Long Yuan was about to watch Qin Sheng die again, a huge whirlwind suddenly appeared, splitting the dragon breath he spat out and wrapping it up into the sky like a tornado.

"What happened?"

Long Yuan's heart skipped a beat. A sixth sense came from somewhere, making him feel like he had missed something.

"Ang…"

An unfamiliar yet overbearing dragon roar shook the heavens and the earth.

"This… is impossible!"

Long Yuan's eyes widened so much that his throat almost burst.

What did he see?

Qin Luo had actually become a dragon?

I must be fucking dreaming!

Not to mention Long Yuan, the spectator stands were also in an uproar.

Even the humans and dragons present were completely dumbfounded!

Ever since the war between the human race and the dragon race, the dragon race had been defeated. On the surface, the two races were allies, but in reality, the dragon race had become a vassal of the human race. It was just that the dragon race was powerful and had the Dragon God behind them. The human race did not dare to be too impudent, so they gave a certain amount of respect and did not order the dragon race around like livestock.

And then...

As the Dragon Race and the Human Race became friendly, the Dragon Slaying Legends decreased a lot. However, there were many more legends such as Dragon Warriors, Dragon Knights, Dragon Speakers, and so on. Every person and every matter became an epic that spread throughout the entire continent as the bards spoke.

This.

It was also a symbol of the good relationship between humans and dragons. The friendship between humans and dragons was witnessed by the entire continent.

Instantly.

The other races were in trouble.

The human race that was the overlord of the world and the dragon race that was once the overlord of the world. If these two races joined forces, would the other races still be able to survive?

So.

Humans and dragons had always been closely observed by all races.

Still.

There was no lack of smart people in the world. They knew that humans and dragons were not of the same mind at all, and it was even more impossible for them to truly merge into one race.

Except.

It was better to be safe than sorry.

This incident at the Furious Bears Ridge was the so-called sign of the alliance's collapse.

Hence.

Even with a tough attitude, they joined forces to put pressure on the Dragon Race together, allowing the Dragon Race to open up Dragon Island and give them the qualifications to watch the battle.

Indeed.

Humans and dragons were not on good terms at all. They had always appeared to be in harmony but were actually separated.

Even if this alliance agreement was maintained on the surface, it was not far from collapsing and falling apart.

After all.

With the pride of the dragon race, how could they submit to others?

Plus.

This person had even annihilated countless elites of the dragon race and won the war of races. He was also the main culprit who caused the dragon race to fall from being the overlord of the world!

The battle between the Weeping Soul Beast and Long Yuan. On the surface, this battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform was a grudge between the two parties, but in reality, it was a microcosm of the war between humans and dragons.

He had originally thought that it would be a battle without any suspense. Unexpectedly, it was a huge surprise.

An ant-like human had actually crushed the Black Dragon King?

And it had been crushed countless times.

Each time, he would be able to bring out earth-shattering methods.

Within three minutes.

Kill four times!

Even the Black Dragon King Long Yuan had been forced to use his trump card and disregard the reputation of the dragon race. It was simply shocking.

Now.

The most unbelievable thing happened.

The human Weeping Soul Beast, who had a bright future, had actually become a dragon?

And it was a pure-blooded… Flying Rain-Dragon?

"Impossible!"

The Dragon Emperor suddenly stood up from his seat, his eyes wide open. This was the first time he had lost control of his emotions.

As the Dragon Emperor, he was the strongest person on the surface.

This was especially true for Qin Sheng. After he had absorbed the Dragon God's blood, his heels had been elevated and his bloodline had been purified. His strength had improved tremendously. Moreover, he could gradually fuse his bloodline with the Dragon God's blood in sequence in the future. Gradually, his current bloodline had completely absorbed the Dragon God's blood and finally evolved to the level of pure blood of the Dragon God. The dragon blood all over his body was "Dragon God's blood" instead of being diluted to this extent.

At that time.

He could be said to be another Dragon God!

Even though this possibility was vague and almost impossible, there was still hope. It was unlike the past where there was no hope at all!

But.

The dream had only just begun when reality hit him hard, making him dizzy and overwhelmed.

That's right.

Qin Luo.

This human that he looked down on was actually able to transform into a dragon and reach the heavens in a single step. Transforming into a dragon was the level of a true dragon, not a flood dragon or horned dragon.

Not only that.

There were different types of True Dragons.

For example, cultivators of the human race, such as the Water Venomous Snake, the Flood Dragon, and the Horned Dragon, were comparable to cultivators who had yet to become immortals, while true dragons were equivalent to immortals.

Immortals were divided into levels.

It was the same for true dragons.

As for Raindragon…

It was equivalent to the peak of a True Dragon.

Just like the Golden Immortal amongst Immortals, it represented the extreme and invincible.

"Impossible, this is impossible!"

The Dragon Monarch’s already crumbling heart let out a wild roar.

No one would remain unmoved when their lifelong dream was easily achieved by someone else.

The Dragon Monarch collapsed.

The other dragons also collapsed.

They were still inferior to the Dragon Emperor, especially the Dragon Emperor who had absorbed the blood of the Dragon God. In addition to his own foundation and background, there were already faint signs of transcendence. In other words, he had reached a higher level of enlightenment, just like a human who had cultivated to the peak and was about to ascend.

In front of the Winged Dragon, the Dragon Emperor could still maintain his posture and not be affected much!

However, the high ranking members of the Dragon race were not so lucky. They were completely crushed by Qin Sheng's transformed Raindragon, a pure superior bloodline.

This was the sorrow of a race with the highest bloodline!

Even if one's bloodline could give one an unparalleled advantage, allowing one to be born with an extraordinary background, allowing one to have very few requirements for becoming a master teacher. All one needed was a bloodline inheritance, and one would be able to inherit one's strength, cultivation techniques, cultivation experience, and even divine arts.

But.

If you were to face an existence with a bloodline of a higher level than yours, there was almost nothing you could do. You would only be crushed by it, unable to even think of resisting!

"Long Yuan, let's fight!”

No matter how great the waves outside the Terrifying Dragon Platform were, Qin Sheng, who had sacrificed three chances and died from being roasted by the dragon's breath and suffered all kinds of hardships, finally understood the circulation method of the True Dragon Transformation with a little help and transformed into a True Dragon. Roaring and rolling immediately, he let out a heaven-shaking roar and headed towards the Dragon Abyss—

A challenge!