Chapter 741: Qin Luo'S Declaration Of Victory

"Get… out!"

Long Yuan roared out.

Bang…

Qin Qin Sheng had not expected Long Yuan to be so tough. Caught off guard, he was struck by a tail.

A single dragon scale was more or less bigger than Qin Luo's. A dragon tail was naturally like a mountain in Qin Luo's eyes, blotting out the sky and covering the sun, while Long Yuan did not exert any strength in his rage.

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng was like a cannonball that was sent flying. He fell rapidly from the sky and landed heavily on the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

The earth shook and the mountains shook. Smoke and dust filled the air.

"Cough cough, how dangerous!"

Enduring the intense pain, Qin Sheng flew up from the crater he had created and stood opposite Long Yuan in the air. "Damn it, as expected of a half-step Mythical BOSS. He killed me with a single strike of his tail. Fortunately, I have the Heart-Protecting Mirror. Otherwise, I would have lost my life!"

[Heart-Protecting Mirror]

Type: Spiritual Treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Durability: 2 / 5

Effect: None

Special Effect: [Protection] When there is a one-time attack that exceeds the damage of the wearer's total health points, the user will forcibly save his health points to 1 point to avoid death!

Introduction: Heartguard Mirror, Lifeguard Mirror.

This was a life-saving divine artifact!

It was the most powerful item that could deal with a powerful BOSS like Long Yuan!

Now.

With the existence of the Provincial Provincial Fate Talisman and his original self-recovery ability, he had already recovered nearly 50% of his health points every second. In other words, as long as he did not kill Qin Sheng in seconds, he would be able to return to his peak state in just two seconds.

"The difference is still too great!"

Qin Luo sighed. "I had to put in a lot of effort and relied on my BUG-level abilities and props to instantly kill the Dragon Abyss. Now, I've pretty much used up all my trump cards and can only rely on the most primitive fighting style to kill the Boss. As for Long Yuan, what the f*ck, he could kill me with a casual flick of his tail. They're on completely different levels!"

He was unhappy!

But Qin Luo could do nothing about it.

The dog system was just that shameless. There was nothing it could do.

Initially, with such a huge disparity in strength, he had even given Long Yuan a cheat. However, he had already been resurrected three times. This was completely unreasonable.

Still.

It was probably about time.

Even Black Dragon King and SSS difficulty should have a limit.

They were not far from the end!

“Brat, you dare insult this king like this?”

Long Yuan's eyes were bloodshot, and his entire body exuded extreme violence.

The head of a dragon was like the face of a human.

Qin Qin Sheng standing on the head of the Dragon Abyss was equivalent to someone being slapped in the face. That was a great humiliation.

"We're already mortal enemies. What are you still talking about?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Today, either you die or I die. Among us, only one can walk out of the Terrifying Dragon Arena. What's the point of insulting or not?"

Long Yuan:…

"From today onwards, I will become the laughingstock of the entire continent. All of this is thanks to you!"

Long Yuan was furious.

"Cut the crap, let's fight!"

The amplification time was flowing bit by bit. Qin Sheng would not waste such precious time arguing with Long Yuan and spouting meaningless nonsense. As soon as he opened his mouth, his entire person had already flown over and charged straight at Long Yuan.

"Courting death!"

Head-on charge?

Is he looking down on me?

"Dragon Howl Slaughtering Cannon!"

Energy gathered and the dragon opened its mouth wide.

A gigantic black laser cannon charged towards Qin Sheng with destructive power.

“Starlight Spirit Mirror!”

With a crack, Qin Sheng, who was dashing forward, revealed a sinister smile on his lips. He stopped in his tracks in an instant. Faced with the terrifying shockwave that was more than ten meters in diameter, a transparent mirror suddenly appeared before him.

"Reflection!"

Swish!

The faster they came, the faster they returned.

The Starlight Spirit Mirror was able to counterattack.

He would give them a taste of their own medicine!

Instantly.

Long Yuan was dumbfounded.

Seeing that the killer move that he had just spat out had actually 'defected' and charged towards him, his master, he was at a loss, he was dumbfounded.

Bang…

From her mouth. From her mouth.

A thick round shockwave with a diameter of ten meters charged into his mouth in a domineering manner, ignoring Long Yuan's objection. A violent explosion spread throughout the entire Terrifying Dragon Platform.

"The chance is here!"

Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he saw that Long Yuan's long HP bar had been reduced by nearly half. Especially when he saw that Long Yuan had been blasted to the ground after forcefully resisting his killer move. He hurriedly took out something from his backpack and threw it at Long Yuan ruthlessly.

Swish!

The small and exquisite wooden nail grew in the wind and suddenly expanded ten thousand times, becoming a dragon nail that emitted a special energy pulse!

"Ang…"

The Dragon-Piercing Pillar landed heavily, ignoring the thick dragon scales on Long Yuan's body. It pierced through his body and pinned him onto the stage.

In an instant.

A painful dragon's roar sounded.

Dragon blood was everywhere.

Dragon scales flew everywhere.

"Hahaha… As expected of the Dharma treasure that Zhang Daoming brought. As expected of the dragon race's nemesis. The effects of this dragon stake are too f*cking outstanding!"

The true dragon's body was nailed to the Terrifying Dragon Platform. No matter how Long Yuan struggled, he could not break free.

Not only that.

Under the Dragon Nail, Long Yuan's aura began to wane gradually. His spirit, qi, and spirit were being crazily devoured by the Dragon Nail. Even if Qin Sheng did not make a move, he would be sucked dry in a minute at most. No, it should be said that he was sucking dry dragon.

"Dragon-Piercing Pillar, what a vicious magical equipment!"

The Dragon Tribe seats exploded.

"Humans, shouldn't you give me an explanation?"

The Dragon Monarch’s expression was extremely unsightly, especially when he saw Long Yuan howling miserably on the Terrifying Dragon Platform while crazily twisting his body under the dragon nail, looking as ugly as an earthworm. For some unknown reason, he felt a sense of sorrow in his heart, as if he had experienced it himself.

"Explain what?"

Before the old Daoist, the burly man, and the Great General could answer, the golden-winged Pengornis youth beside them could not help but say, "Long Yuan said just now that only life and death are determined on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, regardless of the process. Why, do the members of the dragon race want to interfere now? Tsk, this is really a double standard! It doesn't matter if your dragon race uses the incomparably precious dragon pearl, but if someone else uses a Dharma treasure, do they have to explain it to you? Heh! ~"

The angry dragons immediately fell silent.

Even though their faces were red and they were unwilling, they could not refute him.

Today, their Dragon Clan had already lost enough face. For a very long period of time, they were destined to become the laughingstock of the entire continent. If even the incomparably sacred Terrifying Dragon Platform was blasphemed, who would still trust their Dragon Clan in the future?

"Long Yuan, you've lost!”

Qin Luo waved his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and landed lightly on the ground. He looked at Long Yuan, who was still struggling frantically under the dragon stake, with a faint smile on his face. With the attitude of a victor, he declared, "I've won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena!"