Chapter 742: Sea Serpent Pearl, Reversal Of The Abyss

"I've won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform!”

Qin Luo raised the [Coiling Dragon Water] up high. Even though the [Coiling Dragon Water] had depleted its energy due to the use of [Forbidden Curse Triple Dragon Drama Bead] and its skills were completely unusable, as a mythical weapon, its sharpness was rather powerful.

Plus.

The Empowerment of the Lords of the Stars was still present, and the super powerful effect of the 【 Ascending Dragon Slaying 】 was still in effect. Now that the Dragon Abyss, which was nailed to the ground by the dragon stake and had its energy sealed, was like when the Dragon Lord was shattered before and was bound by chains like Long Zhan, Long Xu, and the other dragons, each slash was accurate. One slash was enough!

"Hahahaha… As expected, I didn't misjudge this kid. He won!" On the spectator's stand, laughter was extremely loud and clear. The one who completely disregarded the furious glares of the numerous dragons was the arrogant and unyielding young Golden-Winged Roc. His pair of eagle-like sharp eyes landed on Qin Sheng, who was raising his sword high up and about to chop off Long Yuan's head. He said emotionally, "I didn't expect him to really win!"

This battle!

No one favored Qin Sheng.

After all.

The difference in strength was simply too great. It was like the difference between heaven and earth.

Unexpectedly.

An ant actually flipped over an elephant? A human actually killed a True Dragon?

It was too unbelievable.

That was not some Tom, Dick or Harry!

Instead, it was a true dragon, the purest pinnacle of the Dragon Tribe. Not to mention, it was the king of the Black Dragon Tribe. It had been on the battlefield countless times, and it was renowned across the entire continent!

Now.

Just like an earthworm, it was nailed to the ground by a human, struggling with a frightened expression, waiting for its final judgment!

"Dragon Abyss!”

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any intention of showing off. In a battle like this, once he gained the upper hand, he would be like a mad dog that would not let go. He did not want to give the enemy any chance to catch his breath. Therefore, he did not hesitate, not even for a second. After landing on the ground, he slashed his sword towards Long Yuan's head. "Die!"

"Blood sacrifice!"

Between life and death, Long Yuan was decisive and spat out a mouthful of blood.

This wasn’t ordinary blood, but blood essence. Losing a single drop of blood essence would cause one’s origin energy to be damaged. It wouldn’t be able to be replenished, nor would it be able to be replenished after a long period of bitter cultivation. In fact, some blood essence would even cause one’s strength or cultivation realm to fall permanently. Not only would it be unable to be replenished, it would also be impossible for one to advance in the future.

"Scram!"

The Dragon Abyss shook the sky with a roar, and a huge shockwave sent Qin Sheng flying.

"Ang…"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Long Yuan’s pupils were dyed red with blood, and he let out an extremely miserable dragon roar. After he used his Blood Essence and blood sacrifice technique to activate the Dragon Pearl, his entire body seemed to have ignited with flames, and it included his entire body.

"Break!"

When Qin Luo Sheng flapped his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon to stabilize his body and was about to charge over once more, not letting go of this opportunity to kill, the scene that greeted his eyes almost made his eyeballs pop out.

"This guy is really ruthless!"

What did Qin Qin Sheng see?

He saw how Long Yuan was risking his life. Not only had he exhausted his origin energy, causing his vitality to be greatly damaged, but he also had to dodge the decapitation strike from before. He might as well go all out and escape the persecution of the dragon stake.

How did he get rid of it?

A severed tail seeks survival!

Long Yuan turned around and used his four claws. His sharp dragon fingers stabbed into the wound on the stake and tore his body into two.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

This bizarre scene stunned Qin Sheng on the spot.

What was going on?

Did Long Yuan commit suicide?

You are a f*cking dragon, not a lizard or an earthworm. What's the use of doing this?

His body was separated into two. How could he survive?

Could it be…

Just because you don't want to die in my hands, you decided to make a move on your own to preserve your last bit of face?

Qin Luo was unwilling to believe it.

He knew exactly what Long Yuan was.

How could an ambitious person die so easily?

“I offer my spirit to your soul!”

Indeed.

Long Yuan coughed out blood as he activated his energy.

Without the impediment of the dragon stake, he regained control of his body's energy.

A dragon pearl flew out from his mouth. It was his dragon pearl that was emitting sparkling brilliance!

As he spat out a mouthful of blood essence onto his dragon pearl, another dragon pearl appeared out of nowhere. It was an ownerless item. Even though the energy fluctuation it emitted was slightly weaker, the overflowing energy and illusionary colors made everyone except for Qin Sheng gasp.

“Mirage Dragon Pearl? Or is it a Dragon King grade Mirage Dragon Pearl?”

In the human seats, the old Daoist priest's hand, which was stroking his beard, paused. He looked coldly at the two dragon balls in front of the Dragon Abyss where positive energy intersected, and his gentle gaze became dark and stern.

"The dragon race is too much!"

The brawny man with the Xing Tian tattoo on his body spoke indifferently. He appeared expressionless, but his body suddenly swelled, and an astonishing aura erupted from his body, making all of the higher-ups of the Dragon Tribe feel as if they were facing a formidable enemy.

"He's really unscrupulous!"

The Great General's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at Long Yuan. He narrowed his eyes as he placed a hand on his waist and gripped the handle of the Dragon Slaying Blood Saber tightly. "Don't you want your face anymore?"

“Even the Dragon King’s dragon balls are used as consumables. Tsk tsk, the dragons are really rich!”

The golden-winged roc youth, who was not on good terms with the dragon race, could not help but say eccentrically, "Lord Dragon Emperor, congratulations. Your dragon race has won this battle!"

The Dragon Monarch indifferently glanced at the youth and didn’t respond.

Still.

Towards a junior like this youth, the Dragon Emperor would not personally step forward. The higher echelons of the dragon race, the younger generation of dragon kings, hall masters, and so on were not so polite. They retorted, "Don't disgust people here. This battle is between the Dragon Abyss and Weeping… What does the battle of the Dragon Lord have to do with us? The Mirage Dragon Pearl is also Long Yuan's own. Why can't we use it on the Terrifying Dragon Platform?"

The guests were speechless.

Even though he knew that these guys were lying through their teeth, Dragon Balls, especially Dragon King-level Dragon Balls, how could they be privately controlled?

With the death of the Dragon King, the Dragon Race had to investigate to the end.

Whoever dared to take the dragon balls would face the relentless pursuit of the dragons.

Even if the original members of the dragon race obtained the Dragon Lord, they had to report and hand it over so that the Dragon Pearl could return to the dragon tomb and rest in peace!

The Green Dragon Bead from the Dragon Abyss was not of a high enough grade, so he could not mention it for the time being. After all, with the identity of the Dragon Abyss Black Dragon King and the countless contributions he had made in the past, the Green Dragon Bead that could save his life was given to him. It was barely acceptable.

But now?

Dragon King grade Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl, how could this be explained?

Bah!

Even the Dragon Emperor could not open the dragon tomb and take out the Mirage Dragon Pearl to reward Long Yuan.

This one.

It had to be the collective consent of the upper echelons of the dragon race. At the very least, it had to be a minority that obeyed the majority.

In other words.

This was the dragon race's trick!

How shameless!