Chapter 748: Bloodline Bond!

"This is bad!"

In the face of the threat that represented the three great legs of the human race, the expressions of the upper echelons of the dragon race changed drastically. Even the Dragon Emperor had an ugly expression on his face, his eyes flickering.

Now.

Humans were the overlords of the world. Their dragon race had already been inferior to humans for countless years.

Even though they had recovered some of their strength, they were still far superior to the humans who had developed their forces for so many years. Even if the internal strife of the human race wasn’t united, they would still be able to win.

Besides.

Now, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform represented the victory of the human race's Weeping Soul Beast. At the very least, both sides would suffer losses and perish together.

Such an ending.

To the dragons, it was meaningless.

The Dragon Tribe's reputation would also spread throughout the entire continent through the mouths of the VIPs after their defeat at the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Their dragon race was completely rotten.

Not only did it stink, but it also angered the humans.

If they did not handle it well, it might even lead to a clan extermination crisis.

Yet.

Did they have a choice?

There was no other choice!

If the human experts were allowed to interfere in the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, their physical bodies would be destroyed. Now, the Dragon Abyss, which only relied on the True Spirit to survive, would be completely destroyed. The Dragon Abyss's authority would be completely lost. At that time, those races that had long disliked the dragon race, such as the Golden-winged Great Peng, the Phoenix race, the Qilin race, and so on would test their bottom line endlessly. They would seize the opportunity to launch a war of extermination.

So.

At this moment, he could not give in!

‘ Of course.’

There was another situation!

If Long Yuan did not get rid of the Weeping Soul Beast openly on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, then once the Weeping Soul Beast returned victorious, it would be unstoppable. With the identity of the Black Dragon King, he would be able to enter the Dragon Palace Hall and control a branch of the Dragon Clan!

This.

The dragon race could not tolerate this!

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -100, Luck -5, Charm -5, Enlightenment -5, Tenacity -5, Focus -5, Resistance -10%, Level -1! '

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -100, Luck -5, Charm -5, Enlightenment -5, Tenacity -5, Focus -5, Resistance -10%, Level -1! '

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -100, Luck -5, Charm -5, Enlightenment -5, Tenacity -5, Focus -5, Resistance -10%, Level -1! '

…

The system's prompts sounded crazily in his ears.

Qin Luo was shocked.

I c

What was he doing?

In just a second.

This curse took effect three times?

It had been effective three times?

Tsk!

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

Extreme Yang Force erupted. This was a Spellblade's extreme sublimation technique. The effects of Extreme Healing flowed through Qin Sheng's body.

"Ding, your health points have recovered to 100%, all DEBUFFs are removed!"

In an instant.

The curse power brought about by the Dark Demon Dragon’s Dragon Pearl had been completely eliminated. It had been completely erased by the healing technique of the Extreme Yang Force.

"Impossible!"

The confident Long Yuan's wild laughter came to a stop.

Qin Luo's eyes nearly popped out when he saw how Qin Sheng had so easily gotten rid of him. He had even used the other Dragon King-ranked Dark Demon Dragon Dragon Pearl to cast a powerful curse technique.

"Impossible? Nothing is impossible!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

The Dragon King’s Dragon Pearl was indeed very powerful, but the Ultimate Healing Skill was merely an evolution of Light Priest’s Basic Skill Healing Skill. This was a skill that had evolved to the extreme. In other words, it was a profound skill or a god-level skill, so what was impossible?

"Then let's fight to the death!"

Long Yuan roared out furiously as his soul fluctuated, releasing a tremendous amount of spirit energy, "Sacrifice with my soul!"

This bastard!

Was he crazy?

Qin Luo's expression changed drastically.

He knew what Long Yuan was up to!

This fellow actually didn’t hesitate to consume his own soul, and he didn’t hesitate to sacrifice his own soul as a sacrifice to activate the Dark Demon Dragon’s Dragon Pearl’s power of darkness to increase the curse on him.

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -200, Luck -10, Charm -10, Enlightenment -10, Tenacity -10, Focus -10, Resistance -20%, Level -2!

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -200, Luck -10, Charm -10, Enlightenment -10, Tenacity -10, Focus -10, Resistance -20%, Level -2!

Ding… you have been cursed by Long Yuan. Four basic attributes -200, Luck -10, Charm -10, Enlightenment -10, Tenacity -10, Focus -10, Resistance -20%, Level -2!

Instantly.

The enhanced version of the curse came.

Qin Luo's tears fell uncontrollably.

What the f*ck was this?

Three buttons in a second.

Double penalty.

He felt like vomiting.

The basic attributes were still alright, and the level was still bearable. However, some of the special attributes and resistance had already dropped to negative.

If this continued, even if he still stood on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and won, he would already be crippled.

"Yi Wood Revival!"

Another skill activated.

Unlike the Extreme Yang Force of the Ultimate Healing Technique, the Second-Wood Revival was an extremely dense life force.

Even though the direction of their power differed, the effect was the same.

Qin Luo's curse had been removed!

"Damn Long Yuan!"

He opened his stats window and looked at his miserable stats. Qin Sheng cried again.

This time.

He was really crippled.

Even if it wasn’t completely crippled, it was already half crippled.

This attribute.

You can even f * * king play?

Especially the special attributes.

Other than his ever-changing MAX, which was as steady as a mountain, everything else was explosive.

Resistance, too.

It wasn't high to begin with, but now, other than water, light, and darkness, the rest were all negative!

Tsk!

"Impossible, this is impossible!"

Long Yuan repeated the words of dementia again.

Qin Luo Sheng's two disintegration curses caused the Dragon Abyss, which had paid a huge price, to completely collapse.

"What kind of monster are you?"

Long Yuan roared with an expression as though it was the end of the world.

"What trash!"

Qin Sheng could not help but feel contempt when he saw how the mighty Black Dragon King had become.

I've lost so much, maybe this account will be destroyed. It's not as bad as yours!

This level of endurance was simply embarrassing!

"I'm not convinced!"

Long Yuan roared at the sky. Suddenly, his soul spirit exploded. It wrapped around the Black Demon Dragon Dragon Dragon Dragon Pearl which had turned into specks of starlight and disappeared after losing its energy. At the same time, it formed a huge energy vortex. It aimed at his body like a whale swallowing a cow and bit down.

"Run, this guy is crazy!"

Xiaoxiao, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly burst out in an urgent voice.

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

Yet.

He trusted Xiaoxiao unconditionally. Without a word, he ran away.

Unfortunately.

It was too late.

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

Dong dong!

A special pulsating sound rang out. Qin Sheng discovered that it seemed to be a ball of light formed by the Dragon Abyss Body, Dragon Abyss Soul, and Dark Demon Dragon Dragon Dragon Pearl. The vibration it emitted seemed to be connected to his own heartbeat.

"It's over!"

A tiny voice of despair rang out in Qin Sheng's mind.

Without waiting for Qin Luo to ask, Long Yuan's evil voice sounded first—

"Bloodline Bond!"