Chapter 749: The End

"Bloodline Bond!"

The ethereal sound of chains rang out, and Qin Sheng's body stiffened. In an instant, he felt suffocated, as if his heart and soul were bound by something.

"Darkness Curse Devour!"

Boundless power of darkness manifested and was activated from the Dragon Abyss. Without any suspense, it hit Qin Sheng who had no ability to dodge and wrapped him up.

“With my soul, I shall bury your soul!”

"Curse your blood with my body!"

“With my soul, I annihilate your soul!”

The three curses worked on Qin Sheng at the same time.

He used his dragon soul to bury his spiritual perception!

Using the Body Curse to destroy the bloodline!

Use Soul Obliteration to kill the consciousness!

Ding… your level has been erased. Current level: 0!

"Ding… Your attributes have been destroyed. Current attributes: 0!"

Ding… your vocation has been stripped. Shadow Warrior has disappeared! '

"Ding, your skills have been eliminated. Forgotten skills: Chop Slash, Instant Slash, Proficiency in both hands, Roaming Snake Step, Weapon Proficiency, Sword Qi Cross, Blood Burst, Berserk Strike, Shadow Assault, Shadow Slash, Shadow Stab, Shadow Concealment, Shadow Escape, Shadow Clone Technique, Shadow Trick, Mad Shadow Final Slash!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Hahahaha…"

Long Yuan laughed like a devil. "Follow me to hell! Explode!"

Ding… your True Dragon Bloodline is cursed. Sealed temporarily. Skill: Dragon Might. Dragon Blood Ignites Death. True Dragon Transformation, Seal! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "I'm% ^ & * (*)"

Ding… congratulations on killing level 100 half-step Mythical Boss—Long Yuan. EXP gained: 200 million EXP, Reputation: 50W +! '

Ding… congratulations on completing the SSS mission—Trial of the Dragon Race. Reward: Level + 5, Reputation + 100W, Sacred Dragon Set * 1, Skill Book * 2, Scroll * 3, Treasure Map * 1, Title: Dragon King (Black), All Attributes + 1000, Special Attribute + 20, All Resistance + 30%, Health Magic Recovery + 10%!

Awesome!

Qin Sheng closed his eyes as he bathed in the golden light. It was as if he was ascending to heaven. It was extremely satisfying!

"What a pity. This is the arena battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform. It's not a normal battle to kill a BOSS. Not only did Long Yuan not drop anything after dying, he even sacrificed his body and soul. He didn't even give us a chance to harvest."

The equipment of a half-step Mythical BOSS should at least be Legendary, right?

All the materials on him were treasures. Dragon's blood, dragon scales, dragon heart, dragon eyes, dragon horns, dragon whiskers…

But these…

It was all gone!

Tsk!

Ding… you have leveled up. Current level 48, Health + 200, Mana + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10, + 60 Free Attribute Points! '

The golden light flashed 48 times before it stopped.

A terrifying 200 million experience points, in addition to the + 5 reward for completing the SSS mission, had raised Qin Luo's originally cursed Dragon Abyss to level 0, directly to level 48!

For now.

The highest level was East Imperial, level 41!

It wasn't even as high as Qin Luosheng's self-improvement, let alone the current him!

There was a gap of seven levels between them. Even if East Imperial had been grinding non-stop for 24 hours, it would take at least half a month if there were no special encounters.

"The level of the Shadow Warrior is still too low. It relies on its treacherous shadow ability, but Spellblades are different. As expected of a special hidden class given by the Emperor. This potential is really great!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the notification from the system, especially the reward he received after leveling up. Health + 200, Mana + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10, 60 Free Attribute Points. It was simply explosive.

Not to mention anything else, just the Free Attribute Points alone would only add five points to an ordinary job!

When it came to Spellblades, it would double!

This was much better than adding 7 points to the original Shadow Warrior!

Besides.

Shadow Warriors were a combination of Warriors and Bandits. The additional attributes were Strength and Agility. Spellblades were a geometric body of Warriors and Mages. The additional attributes were Strength and Spirit.

The amount was huge.

It was much bigger than the shadow warriors!

Qin Luo was satisfied!

Even though he had suffered heavy losses in this battle, at least he had won. He had obtained a considerable harvest, which could be considered an additional compensation.

Forget about the rest.

It was a pity that the hidden job of the Shadow Warrior was gone. This f*cking weakened its fighting strength greatly. Also, a bunch of skills were looted too. Other than special skills, the rest were basically destroyed.

Also, he had spent a lot of effort on these extremely important special attributes. He had done so many missions and appeared on world television so many times before he was able to get them up. Now, they were gone.

Sang Xin!

…

In the real world.

When Qin Luo Sheng opened his eyes, two days and three nights had passed since the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform!

Him.

He slept for nearly 60 hours!

This battle.

It was really too tiring!

The battle might have lasted for five minutes.

However, there were too many implications and too much consumption.

Fortunately.

Even though they suffered heavy losses, the outcome was still good. They managed to keep their lives and did not delete their accounts.

‘ Of course.’

Long Yuan's curse before his death reduced all his attributes to 0. In reality, it was no different from deleting his account.

Yet.

The reward for killing Long Yuan, a half-step Mythical Boss and completing the SSS mission lifted him up again.

Even if the Shadow Warrior with the greatest combat power was gone, the Spellblade that had been replaced was still there, and his potential was even stronger than the Shadow Warrior's. It could be considered a great fortune amidst misfortune.

Most importantly, the source of all this was Qin Sheng's confidence—the supreme talent of SSS, the Lord of Stars. It was still there!

Only the Lords of the Stars had not been eliminated. Even if Qin Sheng had really fallen to rock bottom, he would quickly get up.

Rumble…

Qin Sheng pushed open the door and held his hungry stomach. The first thing he saw was a pure cotton t-shirt. There was a towel around her delicate neck, and her hair was tied into a ponytail. She was drenched in sweat.

"You're awake!"

After Du Qiangwei finished exercising her body, she was about to return to her room to take a shower. Unexpectedly, she happened to see Qin Luo Sheng pushing open the door. Her willowy brows furrowed slightly as she said, "I've asked the doctor to examine your body. You've severely overdrawn yourself. Fortunately, there's nothing serious."

As he spoke.

When he saw Qin Luo's somewhat dispirited spirit and the way he was clutching his stomach, he swallowed the question he was about to ask. With a toss of his ponytail, he walked towards his room and said in his usual cold voice, "Sister Mingfang is downstairs. Go find her first. I have something to ask you later!"

As he looked at Qin Luo, who was twisting his body like a devil, he could not help but recall the memories of him and her being honest with each other and going to heaven together. His breathing quickened, and he could not help but smack his lips as he reminisced about the endless taste of ascending to heaven.

"Tsk!"

Qin Luo stood rooted to the spot for a long time. It was only when Du Qiangwei's figure disappeared into the corridor that he slowly came back to his senses. "Although there are no feelings, this woman is definitely a super stunner. What a pity. I've only tasted her once. It's hard to have another chance to savor her."