Chapter 743: A Little Sudden Reminder

“Clam Dragon Extreme Mirage Twist!”

The Sea Serpent Pearl dissipated.

Under the control of Long Yuan, the priceless Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl, which was powered by his own blood essence, turned into specks of starlight and dissipated in the air.

The powerful ability caused the space around Long Yuan to distort!

"This is?"

The sudden familiarity caught Qin Sheng off guard.

This was…

The power of time?

‘ No.’

Not quite.

But it seemed to be related.

Qin Luo was instantly confused.

Once upon a time.

In the hidden map of the Battle God Pavilion Luo Clan’s Village, he had encountered the Ghost Bride. Thus, he had saved Luo Li, who had been plotted against and was nearly destroyed as the Ghost Bride. Thus, he had lured Luo Qin, the mastermind, out.

Luo Qin’s mind had been bewitched by the Demonic Wheel of Fear, causing him to become possessed. Under the siege of the two High Priests of the City Lord’s Mansion and the High Priest of the Fate Temple of the Starlight City, he knew that he would die without a doubt, so he wanted to pull Luo Li along with him.

At that time.

Qin Luo Sheng entered an extremely mysterious state, as if time itself had stopped.

It was precisely because of this that he was able to obtain a slim chance of survival with great difficulty. He used his body to block Luo Qin’s killing blow and saved Luo Li.

He did not think too much about it.

But good things happen to good people.

After this series of actions, not only did he obtain Luo Li’s heart, he also obtained the friendship of the City Lord’s Mansion. He was especially favored by the City Lord, Luo Lin. For some unknown reason, he had become a ‘champion’that had absorbed the Demon Wheel of Fear into his body and brought it into the real world. From there, he had gradually strengthened himself in the real world and started to evolve into a Superman!

Virtual and real, double hack!

All of this was due to the mysterious and incomprehensible state of time.

Time.

Great divine ability.

Even in myths and legends, it would definitely rank in the top three!

Now.

Appearing in the world.

And it was the enemy who was controlling it. This caused Qin Luo's heart to instantly sink to the bottom of the valley, becoming infinitely cold.

"F*ck, even the power of time has appeared?"

Qin Luo Sheng almost cried. "Do you still have any humanity left in you? Are you still f*cking asking people to complete the mission? It's simply disgusting! It's fine if I'm hacking, but I'm a player after all. The difference in strength between me and a big boss Boss is too great. If I don't hack, I won't even have the qualifications to go on stage. But for a big boss like Dragon Abyss to hack, isn't that a little unreasonable? I don't believe that the difficulty of a SSS mission can really be so fierce!"

"Ang…"

Just as Qin Luo was feeling indignant, Long Yuan roared again, "…I… want… you… dead…"

She said it word by word.

Every word contained endless killing intent.

"This is going to be troublesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the Mirage Dragon Pearl that connected his broken body back to its peak…

Wait.

Return to his peak?

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly used the detection technique on Long Yuan!

"Hahaha…"

Qin Sheng burst out laughing when he saw the state of Long Yuan.

‘ No.’

It was not the power of time, but an illusory divine ability!

If he really used the power of time, then time would flow in reverse. The Dragon Abyss should have returned to its peak state, and not its current ghastly state.

As expected.

This was a similar time, but it was merely an illusory divine power.

Sea Serpent Pearl!

This was the Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl!

What kind of dragon was a Clam Dragon?

In short,

The Sea Serpent was a dragon that relied on illusions as its main means!

There was a word called Fata Morgana!

The Clam inside was the Clam Dragon!

"So it's me freaking scaring myself!"

Qin Qin Sheng wished he could slap himself.

It was the Sea Serpent Dragon Pearl.

How could he use the power of time?

Besides.

Long Yuan's roar had given him the answer.

Clam Dragon Extreme Mirage Twist!

It was a reversal, not a reversal.

Reversal was the power of time!

Twisting was the power of illusion!

"Long Yuan, what's the point?”

Qin Luo shook the tip of the Coiling Dragon Li Water sword, full of the pretentious attitude of a cat crying for a mouse, and said, "In any case, you're going to die either way. What's the point of you putting in so much effort to luckily get your life back? With your vitality greatly damaged, can you still withstand my sword slash?"

If Qin Sheng had used the power of time in the Dragon Abyss, he could have surrendered without hesitation!

But Long Yuan did not have that ability!

The Sea Serpent Pearl's effects were indeed terrifying.

Unfortunately.

Long Yuan had to rely on his own blood essence to activate it. Even though the Mirage Dragon Pearl had freed him from the situation of certain death where he had been cut into two pieces, after losing two mouthfuls of blood essence in a row, his strength had greatly decreased and his body was dispirited. How was he going to compete with Qin Sheng next?

"Ding, your enhancement skill Sirius, effect time is over!"

"Ding, your enhancement skill Leopard Explosion has ended!"

"Ding… Your augmentation skill Holy Flame, effect time is over!"

"Ding, your augmentation skill, Snake Movement Steps, effect time is over!"

"…"

Just as Qin Luo was gloating over his misfortune, the system's prompt suddenly sounded. The smile on his face froze immediately!

"F*ck, I was too complacent and forgot the duration of the augmentation skill!"

Qin Luo was instantly in a predicament.

This time, it wasn't just the Heavenly Wolf Leopard Suddenly. There was also the Holy Flame skill that had been amplified from the very beginning and lasted for three minutes. The effect time was over!

Now.

The amplification that existed on Qin Luo's body only included the Dragon Blood Igniting Death, Undying Battle Intent, Blood Boiling, and the supplementary skill [Heart of Honor] from the [Medal of Honor]. There was also the Nine Secrets Combat Technique and the Strategy Technique. In terms of talismans, the Life Creation Talisman, the Spirit Power Awakening Talisman, and the Potential Awakening Talisman were still in effect.

Other things.

Gone!

Not only that.

In terms of props, there was only one bottle of Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that he could take out. The other charms and potions were of no help at all.

In terms of skills, the two forbidden spells of [Coiling Dragon Water] had been used, causing only the most basic effects to still be present. The BUG abilities of the Lord of the Stars had also been used up. Putting aside the Starlight Miracle that was useless in battle and Star Spiritual Endowment, the remaining Star God Forbidden Energy was insufficient and could only be used at the highest legendary level. It was useless against the half-step legendary Dragon Abyss.

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo was anxious.

They had already worked hard to this extent. If Long Yuan, whose strength had been greatly weakened due to insufficient amplification skills, were to win this duel, they would really die from grievance!

"…Explode… Dragon… Blood…"

Just as Qin Luo was at a loss of what to do and was prepared to fight with his life on the line to decide the outcome with one move and hand everything over to heaven's will, a small voice suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Xiaoxiao?"

Qin Luo was stunned.

Because this was a 1v1 duel, Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing were not allowed to fight even as pets and mounts.

Bing Bing was one thing, quietly sleeping in the mount space, but Xiaoxiao had signed a blood contract with him, right in his sea of consciousness, silently watching the battle until now, never speaking.

Now.

In this desperate situation, Xiaoxiao's voice finally came.

"Dragon blood?"

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

Dragon might?

But didn't he use it during the battle just now?

The same battle could not be used on the same target twice!

Although Long Yuan had revived and eliminated the effect, he was still unable to break free from the restrictions of the "same battle", so his Dragon Might could not take effect.

Besides.

In this current situation, what use was dragon might!

Huh.

Wait.

Dragon blood?

Qin Luo Sheng seemed to have thought of something and hurriedly opened his skill column!

"So it's this!"

Looking at a certain skill in the skill column, Qin Sheng began to laugh wildly. "This time, the scales of victory are completely leaning towards me!"