Chapter 747: Dragon Abyss, Die!

“… Die… One… Strike…”

As Qin Luo roared at the top of his lungs, the Mythical Divine Armament [Coiling Dragon Water] also followed in the footsteps of the [Dragon Slaying Sword]. It was used as a sacrificial pawn by Qin Luo and used as a one-time consumable.

I can't bear to!

So what?

If they were to lose this battle, then everything would come to an end. At that time, they would not only lose a Coiling Dragon Water, but everything, everything!

Two choices.

Qin Luo Sheng was very decisive!

If the Divine Armament was gone, so be it. After that, there would still be the Duality Dao Sword and the Blood Demon Sword to replace it. However, if he was gone, it would be completely over.

Sizzle!

This time.

There was no sound of metal colliding, but the muffled sound of sharp weapons piercing flesh.

Life-Ending Strike was extremely effective.

Apart from the 300% attack, there was also an extremely terrifying additional effect.

If the weapon was Legendary, the damage would be + 1600%, and there would be an additional 100% Critical Hit effect and 100% Crippling effect. There was a 30% chance of a one-hit kill!

The mythical description did not.

Perhaps it was the peak restriction of the skill.

Perhaps the System never expected that an idiot would use a Mythical weapon that represented the pinnacle as a consumable!

Yet.

The fool had indeed appeared.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dwell on the effects of this Life-Risking Strike.

Because.

He saw a terrifying black damage number.

-45000000!

Black.

It represented death!

Black damage number.

It meant…

Instant kill!

At least 3,800% Damage (Legendary Strike), as well as many additional effects!

Plus.

It attacked the fatal weakness, the reverse scale!

Activating Instant Kill was very dreamy, but it was not impossible to understand.

"Ang…"

Instantly.

Long Yuan, who was still majestic a second ago, instantly broke free from the restraints of the Flood Dragon's doppelganger and let out an extremely mournful dragon roar. His energetic True Dragon body instantly lost its strength and smashed heavily onto the ground.

"Finally… it's over!"

Qin Luo Sheng wiped the cold sweat off his forehead with his bare hands and heaved a long sigh of relief.

Eh?

No!

There was no prompt from the system.

After a long period of caution, Qin Sheng immediately sensed that something was amiss.

Even though this battle was very special, the statistics and other attributes were only for reference. When it came to fighting, blood flowed freely without any concealment. That was the real battlefield configuration!

But.

The system's notifications never stopped.

Logically speaking.

After killing Long Yuan, there should have been at least three to five system notifications. But now, there was nothing.

Other than the fact that Long Yuan was still alive and Qin Luo had not completed his mission, Qin Sheng could not think of any other reason!

"Long Yuan is dead?”

"The mighty Black Dragon King of the Dragon Tribe, a powerful being who has dominated the Fate Continent for ten thousand years, has fallen just like that?"

"This human brat is so evil!"

"The structure of the Fate Continent is going to change!"

"What a terrible battle. The Human Race and the Dragon Race have become enemies, and the Demon Race will definitely take advantage of this. What a disgrace!"

"…"

The aura was annihilated.

Loss of life.

Dragon blood was everywhere.

The reverse scale shattered.

…

These.

Without a doubt, the Dragon Abyss was dead. The war that concerned the fate of the continent had ended.

"Impossible!"

"Why would Long Yuan?"

"How can my dragon race lose?"

"It's over, it's over. Our Dragon race is finished."

"Does my Black Dragon Clan really have to bow down to that human brat in the future?"

"…"

Compared to the VIP seats.

The Dragon race's seats were even more chaotic.

"Xiaoxiao, is Long Yuan dead?"

Qin Luo Sheng flapped his wings and carefully descended from the sky, not daring to get too close to the "corpse" of the Dragon Abyss!

"Dead!"

Xiaoxiao answered affirmatively.

"But…"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned.

He believed in Xiaoxiao.

But.

Long Yuan was dead. Why was there no reaction from the system?

Besides.

He didn't even give them the most basic experience after killing the BOSS?

This was completely impossible!

This wasn't killing Long Zhan and Long Xu previously. They were just executors!

This was a decisive battle that Qin Luo had won with his own abilities. Why did he not get anything from killing the Boss?

“… Weeping… Soul…”

As expected, Qin Sheng was right to be careful. His trust in the system was also right. When he landed on the ground, Long Yuan's voice filled with endless resentment rang out. "I won't let you off even if I become a ghost!"

"Curse your spirit with my soul!"

The black dragon pearl floated up. In front of the transparent remnant soul of the dragon abyss, it released an endless power of darkness.

“Bastard!”

In the human seats.

The three big shots of the human race, who had been happy just a moment ago, were dumbfounded by this sudden change. When they saw that Long Yuan had once again used a Dragon Pearl, which was filled with negative energy and filled with dark power, the Dark Demon Dragon Pearl was furious at Qin Luo, the victor, the hero of the human race, and the future pillar of the human race using a curse.

"Stop!"

Whether it was the old daoists representing religion, the burly men representing the aristocratic families, or the generals representing the official dynasty, they could no longer sit still. They all stood up and prepared to destroy the soul of Long Yuan.

At this moment.

A vast dragon might came crashing down.

"No one is allowed to interfere in the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform!”

Dragon Emperor.

It was the Dragon Monarch.

The Dragon Emperor, who was originally the pinnacle of the world, had further improved his strength after absorbing the Dragon God's blood. He was simply not someone that the three big shots of the human race, who had been sent as representatives, could contend with. Furthermore, the Dragon Emperor had a kind of higher-up of the dragon race silently suppressing him. How could they possibly defeat the entire dragon race?

"Very good! Our Dao Sect will remember this!"

The old Daoist priest's indifferent and otherworldly aura had been destroyed. His calm face became sharp and clear. The universe in his eyes was peaceful. At that moment, planets were exploding, meteors were falling from the sky, the world was cracking, mountains were collapsing, and seas were roaring…

"My family will remember this!"

The brawny man with the Xing Tian tattoo on his body spoke calmly. Compared to his rough appearance, even though he was extremely angry, he was more patient than the old Daoist priest. On the surface, he looked calm and did not show any emotions. However, the Xing Tian tattoo on his body had started to emit starlight at some point in time, as if it was alive.

“My Great Xia will remember this! I will report this matter to His Majesty the Human Sovereign!”

The Great General held the Dragon Slaying Blood Saber in his hand, and his determined face was as cold and stern as ever. His eyes glowed with a red light, and the surging blood light made all of the dragons feel extremely uncomfortable. Not only did the blood light emit an extremely unpleasant smell of blood, but countless of their compatriots of the dragon race who had already died tragically under the saber also howled miserably. They howled so loudly that their minds were in a daze, and they howled so loudly that they lost all courage.