Chapter 746: Double Dragon Battle! Reverse Scale!

The dragon scales shattered, and dragon blood rained down.

In the sky, the wind blew.

As Qin Sheng and Long Yuan clashed madly, the entire Terrifying Dragon Terrace's underground world was dark and gloomy. The sun and moon lost their luster as a terrifying dragon's might spread out, causing countless citizens of the Dragon City to shiver in fear. Even the residents with low strength and thin bloodlines were prostrated on the ground, as if they were pressed onto the ground by gravity, unable to move.

Long Yuan's physical body was strong, and his qi and blood were vigorous. He had dragon scales and dragon claws, and he could attack and defend at the same time. There was also a powerful dragon pearl that provided him with an endless supply of energy. His fighting style was wide open, and his aura was shocking.

Qin Luo's bloodline was supreme, and he was also known as the Winged Dragon. He was the ancestor of the dragon race. Even though he had transformed into a dragon and was not a true dragon, the blood of the Winged Dragon was indeed flowing in his body at this moment. Coupled with the little connection, his combat strength was extraordinary like the rising of the sun, and he was completely not inferior to an old comrade like Long Yuan. Moreover, he didn't care about martial virtue at all. All sorts of methods were at his fingertips, and his combat methods were extremely treacherous, causing Long Yuan to suffer bitterly.

"Double Dragon Battle! It's been a long time since I've seen such an intense battle between two dragons!"

The upper echelons of the Dragon Race who were from the neutral faction could not help but sigh.

What kind of place was the Terrifying Dragon Platform?

That was an irreconcilable grudge.

There would definitely be casualties on the Terrifying Dragon Platform!

This was a gambling arena, who would easily open it?

Besides.

Even if the Terrifying Dragon Platform was opened, very few Dragon Kings would come here.

After all.

It was not a small matter for a Dragon King to go up to the Terrifying Dragon Platform. It could even be betting on the fate of a clan. Who would dare to start a war so easily?

This time.

Even though Qin Luo was not of the dragon race, his battle prowess was outstanding. He seemed to be inferior to the Dragon King, but in reality, his abilities were too treacherous. Even the Dragon Abyss of the Dragon King's level could not withstand him and he was at a disadvantage.

The battle between the two was naturally eye-catching and eye-catching. The scene of the battle was like a grand feast. Even a group of experienced and knowledgeable big shots rarely saw it.

"These idiots!"

The dragon race was such a huge force. It was naturally impossible for them to be one rope. They also had factions.

Seeing that the Neutral Faction was still lamenting, the Eagles were unhappy.

Damn it!

Now that our dragon race has been forced into such a state, why are you still admiring the battle? Moreover, the one who is fighting is the enemy who caused the dragon race to be reduced to such a state!

A bunch of bastards!

XXX, XXX!

Except.

Although he was cursing, he only dared to say a few words in his heart.

Not to mention that they were in front of so many foreign guests, even if they closed the door, the hawks wouldn't dare to say anything.

Firstly, they did not dare to offend the Neutral Faction. Otherwise, if they were angered, they would directly side with the Dove Faction. They would just be playing with a hammer and their faction would be crushed. What right did they have to speak in the upper echelons of the parliament?

Secondly, they were in the wrong. The problem with the Dragon Race was completely caused by their Eagleshot. If they were not arrogant and conceited, they would not have discussed with the Dove Faction and the Neutral Faction at all. They would have secretly plotted and assassinated the Dragon Race. Moreover, the assassination had failed, causing them to be in trouble instead of eating meat. How could the Dragon Race be in such a difficult situation now?

…

“Brat, exactly who are you?”

After another round of collisions, Long Yuan looked at the right front claw that had already broken two dragon fingers and felt the pain all over his body. He endured the pain and asked in a deep voice, "Why can you become a true dragon? Why…"

Why what?

Long Yuan did not finish his sentence!

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng knew as well.

What Long Yuan wanted to ask was why he could become the ancestor of the dragon race, the posture of a Flying Dragon!

"Guess!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly and spat out two words that infuriated Long Yuan.

Long Yuan felt that Qin Sheng was playing him.

But Qin Luo himself knew that he really did not know anything.

Xiaoxiao didn't say anything. She only channeled the skill.

The description of the skill was full of question marks.

What could he know?

"Cut the crap, just hand over your life!"

Qin Luo's battle intent was astounding.

Even though he was at the right time and the bloodline of the Winged Dragon crushed the Dragon Abyss, under the suppression of the bloodline, the Dragon Abyss could not unleash 100% of its combat strength. However, the geographical advantage and being occupied by the other party did not even equal the other party. Instead, he was at a disadvantage.

To the end.

Long Yuan's combat power and True Dragon Body were too BUG-like. After all, he was also a half-step Mythical BOSS. If he did not use the same BUG-level abilities, such as the Death God's Embrace, he would not be able to do anything to Long Yuan using conventional combat methods.

Fortunately.

There was still one bottle of Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison left. It played its final role, sealing Long Yuan's regeneration ability and reducing his attributes by 20%. Only then did the situation not worsen.

"Fight!"

Qin Luo Sheng rushed forward like a mad dog again. Since Long Yuan had the upper hand, he naturally wouldn't show weakness. Instantly, the two dragons clashed again.

"We can't continue like this. We have to think of a way to break out of this situation!"

The duration of the True Dragon Transformation was three question marks, which was also uncertain.

This was killing him.

Time could be long or short. It could be one second, or it could be infinite.

Although Qin Luo Sheng did not know exactly how long it was, he could sense it.

All of this was related to his physique and spirit.

Now.

It was an extremely intense battle that lasted for about a minute. Moreover, it was in the most violent manner of mutual destruction. The consumption of energy was especially terrifying.

Current.

He already felt somewhat powerless.

If this continued, he could at most last for half a minute.

On the other hand, Long Yuan's qi and blood were vigorous and full of energy. His body looked like it was riddled with holes, and black blood was flowing from his abdomen, giving off a foul stench. That was a place that had been infected by the Heaven Extinction Corpse Poison. It was a miserable sight. In reality, this fellow would definitely last much longer than him. In the end, he was the true dragon and he was just an imposter.

"Attack the white dragon scales on his neck!"

Just as Qin Sheng fell into a dilemma, a small voice rang out in his mind once more.

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shuddered. Using the momentum from the attack, he flipped his dragon claw and pulled aside the mane on Long Yuan's cheek. Instantly, he saw a white dragon scale hidden beneath it.

"This is… the reverse scale?"

His entire body was covered in black dragon scales that were like steel. That piece of white dragon scales that emitted a sparkling luster was so dazzling that it was difficult for others to not notice it.

Qin Luo Sheng was not an idiot who did not know anything!

At least.

He was aware of the word 'reverse scale'.

A dragon had a reverse scale, and anyone who touched it would be enraged!

To people, the reverse scale represented the bottom line!

For a dragon, a reverse scale was a reverse scale. A reverse scale represented a fatal weakness!

"I've found the key to victory!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes flashed brightly as he stretched out his sharp dragon claws and grabbed at the dragon's reverse scale.

Yet.

Since it was a reverse scale, how could it be so easily attacked?

Long Yuan easily turned his head and dodged Qin Luo's fatal claw attack!

"The scales of a dragon!"

An azure-colored scale suddenly appeared and transformed into a massive wyrm in the air.

"Tie him up!"

Qin Luo Sheng ordered coldly, letting the flood dragon's clone wrap around the dragon's body.

"Long Yuan, die!”

Qin Sheng's body trembled and he returned to his human form. He held the Coiling Dragon Water in his hand and threw it forward with all his strength. His target was the reverse scale of the Dragon Abyss.

“… Die… One… Strike…”

——————

< EMPTY >

[Flood Dragon's Scales]

Type: Materials

Grade: Epic

Effect: Summon

Introduction: The scale contains the energy and will of the Flood Dragon. After activating it, you can summon the clone of the Flood Dragon to fight for you!