Chapter 740: Dragon Abyss Explosion, Reversal

"Despicable and shameless!"

Suddenly, someone shouted from outside, "The mighty Black Dragon King bullies the weak and bullies the strong. It's fine if he forces people to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform, but now, he actually can't afford to lose. He even used the dragon pearl. Should he move the dragon race's treasure vault over later?"

"Hmph!"

In the face of such a question, the Dragon Emperor did not have the time to explain, but Long Yuan, who was on the Terrifying Dragon Stage, could not help but snort coldly and said, "Once you're on the Terrifying Dragon Stage, everything will depend on your means. We'll only talk about the outcome, not the process. Moreover, how many tools and talismans did this brat use? Why, can't this king use a green dragon pearl to treat his injuries?"

Everyone fell silent.

Even though he knew that Long Yuan was changing his mind, he could not do anything about it.

This was an extremely unfair battle to begin with. No matter how one looked at it, it was an absolute suppression. It seemed like their levels had been lowered to the same level, but could it really be considered the same?

Fair?

Haha!

What was a True Dragon's body?

What was the Black Dragon King's foundation?

What was the point of living for ten thousand years more than others?

…

Except.

The Terrifying Dragon Platform was the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

Once one was on the Terrifying Dragon Arena, one's life and death would no longer be in one's hands. Furthermore, it only depended on the outcome, not the process. This was a rule that no one could change.

So—

No matter what Long Yuan did, as long as he was still standing on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and in the middle of a duel, everything was legal and outsiders had no right to interfere!

"The brilliance is restrained. It seems that your trump card is gone!"

Long Yuan's eyes narrowed. As he looked at the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] that was no longer shining brightly, a look of joy flashed across his face. "You should be proud that you were able to force me to this extent!"

Qin Luo remained silent.

[Coiling Dragon Water] was unable to use its energy for three days after using [Forbidden Curse Triple Dragon Drama Bead]. In other words, the skills carried by [Coiling Dragon Water] could not be used for three days. During this period of time, other than the additional attack power, everything else was sealed.

“Brat, are you prepared?”

Qin Luo Sheng's "silent agreement" made Long Yuan feel much more at ease as he revealed a sinister smile.

"What nonsense! Come at me if you have the guts!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at Long Yuan indifferently. That gaze of his made Long Yuan feel like he was in trouble.

Normally, he would not be scared.

But.

In just three minutes or so, Qin Luo had lost four lives in Qin Sheng's hands!

An existence that looked like an ant had endless means. It was simply terrifying.

Who knew if he had any other abilities?

What if she was fishing and waiting for him to take the bait?

If he rushed forward rashly, wouldn't he be walking right into a trap?

"What a waste!"

When he saw Long Yuan hesitating, Qin Sheng couldn't help but sneer. "You're useless even if I give you a chance! You're bound to be unable to achieve great things if you act so cowardly!… Nevermind, since you don't dare to make a move, then let me do it!"

"Formula!"

"Ding… You have activated the Secrets of Nine Secrets. Your speed has increased tremendously!"

"Battle Technique!"

Ding… you have activated the Nine Secrets Battle Technique, greatly increasing your attack! '

He had roughly comprehended the nine mysterious secrets and had only managed to peek into two of them. It was not even the tip of the iceberg. However, the enhancement it gave Qin Sheng was incomparably shocking.

"Twice, no, three times!"

Even though the system notification had not clearly indicated that there was no increase in the attribute panel, Qin Sheng's own senses were rather sharp. He had noticed the huge change in his body at the first moment.

"Demon Sword Technique!"

He instantly activated the Spellblade's Spellblade skill, blocking all skills other than the Spellblade's.

"Extreme Curse!"

"Extreme Gravity!"

"Extreme Wind Blade!"

"Extreme Lightning Strike!"

"Arctic Icicle!"

"Extreme Fireball!"

In addition to the healing technique used for recovery, Qin Luo Sheng unceremoniously gave Long Yuan a Spellblade skill set meal.

Even though Long Yuan, who had transformed into a dragon, could not be frozen by a small icicle with his huge body, nor would he be paralyzed by a bolt of lightning, the damage was still dealt.

Swish…

Qin Luo's speed had increased by about three times thanks to the hand seals. As he flew, white clouds passed his knees without a trace. He was truly swift to the extreme.

"Despicable brat, get lost!"

Earlier, Qin Sheng had been plotted against by Qin Luo's "Extreme Gravity Technique" and had failed to adjust his body due to the sudden increase in gravity. In an instant, an opening appeared and Qin Luo Sheng stood on top of his head.

As the saying goes, one does not hit others in the face, and one does not expose their shortcomings when scolding others.

A man lives for a life, a tree lives for a life, a tree lives for a skin!

He, Dragon Abyss, was the mighty Black Dragon King, a half-step Mythical big shot. He had already been humiliated to death a few times in front of the various races on the continent. Now, even his last bit of dignity was being stripped away from him. Could he still f*cking tolerate this?

When.

Humans could also stand above the heads of the dragons?

This was blatant humiliation!

"Why are you howling?"

Qin Luo Sheng raised the Coiling Dragon Li Water and slashed down heavily at the top of Long Yuan's head.

Clang!

The way he clashed head-on made Qin Sheng's arm tremble and his palm go numb.

Even without the protection of the dragon scales on the top of Long Yuan's head, as a black dragon with the strongest physical body, his frankness made people gasp in amazement. The skull beneath the skin was even more indestructible.

"F*ck, so tough!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with pain. "Damn it, if I had more time, I would have been able to comprehend the Nine Secrets in depth, especially to deepen the word 'battle' technique. It would no longer be a simple increase in battle prowess, but would be able to evolve all sorts of killing techniques like Ye Tiandi. How could I be like this grandson now, having no choice but to bite the bullet and endure the pain to fight with the sword, to the death with Long Yuan?"

"Ang…"

Qin Luo Sheng was still conflicted about the Nine Secrets when the Dragon Abyss below went berserk.

He frantically moved his body, wanting to throw Qin Sheng down. Unfortunately, this wasn't the first time Qin Sheng had used this method to deal with a true dragon. Back then, when he was undergoing the trial in the Dragon God Hall, he had been given three combat experiences during the battle with the water snake, flood dragon and true dragon. Now that he was using this method to deal with the Dragon Abyss, he was naturally proficient in it.

Qin Sheng held the sword in one hand and the dragon horn in the other. It was as if he had taken root on the dragon's head. No matter what he did, he could not shake it off.

It had to be said.

As the Black Dragon King, the Dragon Abyss was far from being comparable to the energy incarnation Bosses in the Dragon God Hall trials. It was far superior in every aspect.

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng had the Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and could fly without being restricted by the air resistance. Long Yuan's little tricks were completely useless against him.

This time.

The disadvantages of the dragon race suddenly appeared!

Although he had four claws, it was too short and couldn't reach his head!

Qin Luo Sheng could not do anything to Qin Luo, yet he was being attacked crazily during this period of time. Qin Luo Sheng's scalp was numb from all the slashing, and his skull was aching. Long Yuan hurriedly stopped his body and started spiraling rapidly. At the same time, he was not afraid of injuring himself by accident. His huge dragon tail, carrying the might of a tsunami, smashed heavily towards Qin Luo's head.

"Get… out!"