Chapter 750: The Military Ranking System Is Open, Seventh Grade General!

Pa!

He slapped himself hard!

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his cheeks. The pain on his face woke him up, and he withdrew his lustful gaze.

"The man who opened the Demon Forbidden Box is very greedy!"

“How could such a beauty tolerate being tainted by others?”

"Du Qiangwei will definitely belong to me!"

"However, I'm not qualified yet!"

"Well, there's no hurry. There will be plenty of opportunities in the future!"

"Anyway, this woman chose to cooperate with me. For this, even her most precious first time was taken away by me by accident."

"Goddess? Haha! Goddess is also a woman. She will never forget her first man, even if it's not what she wants but forced!"

"Besides, this woman is not a simple person. She is ambitious. How can she be willing to give up on a man like me who has value?"

"We can make use of this!"

"However, a good swimmer is drowning. If you want to plot against me, you must be prepared to fall into my trap!"

"In the end, we still don't know who's using who!"

“That’s right. The current me does not have the capital to resist. I only have the capital to negotiate conditions.”

"But this isn't permanent!"

"If you ask a tiger for its skin, you must be prepared to be bitten by a tiger! Du… Qiang… Wei!"

They went down the spiral staircase.

Qin Luo Sheng found Du Mingfang, the bodyguard in the suit!

Sitting in the elegant dining room, Qin Sheng attacked the twenty or so delicacies on the table and wolfed them down.

He listened to Du Mingfang while eating.

In these three days, the entire world of destiny was in chaos.

Nothing else.

Everything was because of him!

After completing the SSS mission, he was once again killed on the world television. In addition, his level had soared from Level 34 to Level 48. His feat of leveling up to Level 14 had caused the entire world to explode.

Wait.

After talking about the Fate Dimension, Du Mingfang talked about the real world.

His parents and family had already been sent to Shanghai. Through the Du family's connections, they were arranged to live in a high-class district not too far away from Xiao Mountain. His younger brother and sister's school records had also been transferred over and they were transferred to a famous secondary school in Shanghai.

Everything.

Everything was so wonderful!

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng was not hit by Du Mingfang's sugar-coated bullets.

He knew very well.

All these so-called good things were built on the basis that he, Qin Sheng, or rather, Weeping Soul Beast had obediently become the Du Clan, or rather, Du Qiangwei's dog.

‘ Of course.’

It wasn't as serious as it sounded.

After all.

Weeping Soul was unique.

As long as there was nothing wrong with Du Qiangwei's brain, she would not use forceful methods to restrict him. It was just a collaboration.

However…

This cooperation had captured Qin Luo's parents and family as a bargaining chip, and used them as a prerequisite, for fear that he would be disobedient.

‘ Of course.’

This was also what Qin Luo wanted.

Even if he solved the family's trivial matters and solved Lin Mingzhou's threat, who knew if there would be any bigger threats in the future?

He was the secret of Weeping Soul Beast, it was impossible for him to keep it forever.

Once he was exposed, he would face countless enemies.

Of course, he had nothing to fear, but not his family.

Now.

With the Du family's influence, Qin Sheng did not need to worry too much about his parents and family. As long as he still had value, as long as he was still on Du Qiangwei's side, Du Qiangwei would spare no effort to provide him with protection.

This was enough!

As for the rest?

We'll talk about it later!

Now that he had summoned the Dreadfiend Wheel, he should not fear ordinary firearms. However, he did not have much confidence in high-grade firearms.

In other words.

The current him was not invincible!

All he had to do was continue to evolve and develop until he was invincible in this world. Even the country's machines could not deal with him. That was the time when a hidden dragon would emerge from the abyss and roam the nine heavens.

Before his wings had fully grown, the Du Clan would be able to protect him and provide him with the necessary resources. Perhaps, this might even hasten his growth. Most importantly, he would not have to worry about any future troubles.

The only thing that made Qin Sheng uneasy was—

"Nan Nan!"

As for his former parents and siblings, Qin Sheng had never come into contact with them since he transmigrated over. All his feelings were based on the memories of his previous self, the bloodline and instincts in his body.

But Nan Nan…

This obedient person was the most important person to him after he entered this unfamiliar world!

She was very mysterious!

Very suspicious!

However, Qin Sheng could sense that she bore no ill will towards him. Instead, she was filled with attachment and love.

"I will definitely find you, definitely!"

…

World of Destiny.

After nearly three days, Qin Sheng had returned.

It wasn’t the Terrifying Dragon Platform, but Star Glory City.

"You're awake!"

It was a very familiar voice, but this time, it did not come from Du Qiangwei, that ice cube woman. Instead, it came from an extremely gentle and pretty maid.

"Where is this place?"

Qin Luo got out of bed and looked blankly at the place where the scent was coming from.

"This is the mayor's residence of Star Glory City!"

The maid replied respectfully.

"City Lord Residence?"

Qin Luo was stunned. "Who sent me back?"

"This… This servant doesn't know!"

The maidservant put down the basin of water in her hands and wrung the towel dry with practiced movements. She then walked over gently and wiped Qin Sheng's face before asking, "Is Young Master feeling unwell?"

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt it and realized that he was full of energy. It seemed like he had slept for nearly three days in the real world. The exhaustion from the battle with the Dragon Abyss had all been removed.

"Alright then!"

The maidservant said, "Master has instructed this servant to go to Master's study after Young Master wakes up."

"Alright, I understand!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded in agreement.

Before.

Lorraine had invited him. That was the reception hall or the place to handle official documents.

And now.

It became a study!

The change was obvious!

An ordinary person's study room was really a study room for reading and learning.

As for the study of the big shots, only those who were recognized could enter.

Clearly.

In Luo Lin's heart, Qin Sheng had already become one of them!

Aside from Luo Li, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Stage had shown him his capabilities and potential. He wanted to befriend him in advance and invest in politics!

"City Lord, I'm here!"

The maid who followed the guide, Qin Luo Sheng, arrived at the backyard of the city lord's residence, which was the private residence of the city lord, Luo Lin. He followed the guide and arrived outside Luo Lin's study.

"Come in!"

After receiving permission, Qin Sheng gently pushed open the wooden door.

"Come, come, let me see the great heroes of the human race!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's arrival, Luo Lin put down the brush in his hand and stood up with a benevolent smile on his face. He personally walked out of the desk to welcome him.

"Great hero?"

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at himself in confusion. "Me?"

"Right, it's you!"

Luo Lin said with a smile, "You've achieved complete victory in this battle. You've destroyed the dragon race's arrogance and boosted the prestige of the human race. Moreover, you've successfully completed many of His Majesty's deployments. Your contributions can't go unnoticed. Therefore, His Majesty has issued a special decree to spread throughout the world to grant you the title of viscount. He will also give you a military post based on your past military contributions!"

Ding… congratulations on your SSS mission [Dragon Race's Trial]. You have triggered a hidden mission reward. You have received the title of Viscount. You have also activated the military rank system to convert your military merits. Current position: Seventh Grade General! '