Chapter 758: Dungeon [Bone Mountain], Difficulty: Abyss

"Long time no see!"

The one who spoke wasn’t the Elegant Portrait, but rather an ice fairy-like fine black hair.

"…Long time no see!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was complicated. He opened his mouth but did not know what to say. In the end, he spat out the same words as his hair.

‘ I thought so.’

Facing the goddess he had set his heart on, the first woman he wanted to pursue in both his past and present life, he would be filled with passion and desire.

Unexpectedly.

Today, she met him, but she didn't feel that way at all. She only felt complicated, indescribable complexity.

His emotions were unclear!

"Brother Weihun, about the incident at the Bear Mountain…”

Seeing the awkward atmosphere, Yatu immediately stepped forward and said guiltily.

"It has nothing to do with you. I'm too stupid!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and stopped Yatu from apologizing.

These were not pleasantries, but his true thoughts.

Indeed.

He was too stupid!

He believed everything she said. He deserved to be scammed!

Just in time.

The previous incident had taught him a lesson. Don't trust others easily!

The cute baby's father had been dealt with after the incident. Yatu had already told him that without Qin Luo to take revenge, it would naturally save him a lot of trouble.

Originally.

He still wanted to chase that guy endlessly in the world of fate.

Unfortunately.

Being "wiped out" by Yatu would never appear in this world!

Since he was already gone, how could he still argue with a dead person?

Learn from your mistakes!

With this experience, he would never fall for such a trap again!

It could be said that he had gained something!

"Alright, stop wasting time here. Why don't you all take a look at the occasion!"

Little Chili Mumu was still the same little Chili, the one who ruined the atmosphere, but this time it was a good one.

"Weeping Soul, you haven't contacted me for so long, are you guilty?"

Mu Mu stared at Qin Sheng with wide eyes and snorted. "When I asked you to help me pass the Class Advancement Mission with Sister Qing Si, you disappeared. I asked you to sell me suitable equipment and you went to the exhibition auction. Hmph, are you afraid that I can't afford it?"

Qin Sheng:…

Class Advancement quest. I was also f*cking doing class change quests. I had been in the Dark Abyss for a week. What could I do if my communication was blocked?

As for the equipment…

Since you said that you have money, why don't you auction it yourself? Why do you always want to get in through the back door?

"Mumu, it's done!"

Qing Si tugged at the "denouncement" Mu Qin, then looked at him with her beautiful eyes. Although her tone was still cold, it was no longer distant. "Next, please!"

"Let's go. Let's talk after we enter the dungeon!"

Sanguine Primrose frowned slightly as she looked at Qin Luo Sheng and Mu Mu 'flirting' with each other. For some reason, a sense of frustration arose in her heart as she coldly said this before turning around and leaving.

The boss left. The four girls from the Rose Society looked at each other and left as well!

Seeing this.

Ya Tu, who had initially wanted to chat with Qin Sheng, seemed to be deep in thought. However, he still greeted Qin Luo and followed him.

Nodding at Qing Si and Mu Mu, he greeted Feng Xingtian, Qin Luo, and walked towards the teleportation person under the fervent gazes of the surrounding players who had recognized him.

"Dungeon selection: Level 40 White Bone Mountain. Difficulty: Abyss. Confirm?"

As the party leader, Sanguine Primrose naturally had the right to make the decision.

“This… is this the Abyss? Isn’t this a bit too fierce?”

Hearing the notification sound beside his ear, Yatu's expression changed slightly. He said, "Why don't we try the Nightmare Difficulty first? Even though I'm very confident in Brother Weeping Soul, I haven't cleared this White Bone Mountain dungeon before. How about we get to the bottom of it first?"

"No need!" Sanguine Primrose's cold eyes swept over Qin Sheng, who was walking together with Qing Si and Mu Mu. "He can handle it!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn!

What does that have to do with me?

I was fucking summoned by you at the last minute!

I don't know about the staff!

I don't know what dungeon to play!

‘ I don’t know anything. It’s all your arrangement.’

Are you still angry now?

MLGBD!

Are you angry with JB?

I'm the one who's angry, alright?

‘ You’ve decided everything without asking my opinion. Do you really think I’ll be your slave if I work with you?’

Tsk!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Lights flashed.

Qin Luo Sheng could not be bothered to argue with that dumb woman, Du Qiangwei. He entered the dungeon first.

He looked at his teammates who were teleported in one by one and ignored them. Instead, he opened the official website and searched for information about the dungeon [White Bone Mountain]!

The instance dungeon system had been opened for quite some time now!

Except.

When the Instance Dungeon system came out, Qin Luo Sheng was currently in the [Demon Palace] mission and had yet to clear the official Instance Dungeon. Later on, he was held back by the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform and had no time to pay attention to anything else.

Instance dungeons were divided into official and wilderness dungeons.

The [Demon Palace] that had been cleared had changed from a special map to a wild dungeon from the moment he cleared it!

The official Instance Dungeon was set by the officials. It was open to the public. As long as a player reached a certain level, they could enter the Instance Dungeon from the Instance Dungeon. There were no restrictions!

As for the dungeons in the wild, the players would have to search for them themselves!

It was like looking for treasure!

Finding a wild dungeon meant finding a treasure.

Even if you didn't excavate it, you could still sell it for a high price!

It could be said that he had ascended to the heavens in a single bound!

With the attraction of money, countless players would naturally flock to it.

This…

In just 10 days to half a month, quite a number of wilderness instance dungeons had been found.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Sheng was not interested in these dungeons that had been exposed.

Since they were all exposed, then the threshold must have been broken long ago.

The system of dungeons in the wild was completely different from official dungeons. After such a long time, the high value items in dungeons had long been squeezed dry. Even if they still had value, they were probably just materials. As for equipment, forget about it!

There was no hope for a wild dungeon, but the official dungeon was different. This was calculated based on the individual!

In short,

As long as one had not cleared an official dungeon before, it did not matter how many times this dungeon had been cleared by other players. It did not matter what dropped. As long as it was the first time, the drop rate would be adjusted to the highest, and the items dropped would be the best.

This rule was deeply loved by the players!

Still.

The first individual and team to clear the Abyss Mode would only get one reward!

Hence.

The reason why countless players challenged him crazily was to get that reward and—honor!

If the dungeon challenge was successful, not only would there be a war zone announcement, but the ID of the successful players would also be engraved on the honor stone tablet for all players to admire!

Who wouldn't be excited?

Not even the big shots!

This was especially true for those big shots who had power. The more power they had, the more they valued this. After all, this was the best advertisement and the best publicity. The scope of influence was too huge.

Unfortunately.

Although countless players tried their best, none of the players or teams had successfully cleared the Abyss Mode!

The difficulty and limitations were just too difficult!

And that was exactly why.

As a result, due to the dungeon, there were many Augmenting Gems that were produced. The price rose again within a day after the fall. Even now, the price was still too low. Especially for the Advanced Augmenting Gems, they were even sold at a sky-high price!

For someone like Qin Luo Sheng, who first threw out a set of strengthening + 10 equipment (the set that was used to deal with the Terrifying Dragon Platform), and then threw out an extra set (Sacred Dragon Set and so on), he was probably the only person in the entire Fated World.

Other players, even if they were God-level nouveau riche, would not have the capital to do so!

Some things could not be obtained with money!