Chapter 757: The Prelude To The Dungeon, Meeting Old Friends

A racial scheme?

The name was quite fitting!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the content and immediately ignored it!

There was nothing to say about the mission. It was definitely an SSS-rank mission!

This was not the level of SSS like the Dragon Race's trial. It required extraordinary martial strength to sweep through everything. Of course, there were many areas that required martial strength, but it was more about planning and strategy!

Pursuing a race was not a simple matter, nor was it something that could be accomplished overnight!

It was like boiling a frog in warm water. Slowly, a large net was laid out, covering the entire dragon race. By the time they reacted, the net had already been retracted and they could no longer struggle free!

[Mission Title: The Mercenary King's Last Wish

[Mission Introduction] Help the Mercenary King fulfill his dying wish.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Level up to Level 30 (Completed); Stage Two—Search for the Temple (Completed)

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

This mission!

It was time to do it!

He was still wearing the Medal of Honor that the King of Mercenaries had given him. Even though he had evolved after killing the Lich of the Undead and thus the Medal of Honor had become his, Qin Sheng still remembered this favor.

He had been entrusted with a task by others.

Since he had agreed to the mercenary king's last wish, he naturally had to fulfill it.

"Nine mission points?"

He clicked on the second phase of 'Search for the Divine Temple'. Qin Sheng looked at the nine mission coordinates on the screen and was somewhat shocked.

Qin Sheng had obtained a detailed map of the Destiny Continent from the Gravedigger's cabin. Even some secret places were marked in it. Although these nine mission points were not forbidden areas, they were not places that ordinary people could go to. If not for the map and the coordinates, it would have been rather difficult to find.

"It seems like this mission will take quite some time!"

Qin Luo was helpless.

For an expert like him, the difficulty of the mission did not matter. He was afraid that it would be too cumbersome. For example, running errands would not be worth anything. He might even delay his work by a lot.

"Forget it, so be it!"

Qin Luo Sheng closed the mission panel and sighed. "Since you've promised him, you must do it. Besides, no matter how bad this mission is, it's still an A-rank mission. Even if it can't compare to an S-rank mission, it's not bad!"

…

Star Glory City.

Instance dungeon teleportation.

Ever since this NPC appeared, his position instantly became the hottest place in the Fated World.

Even the potions shops that players could not live without were incomparable.

He had no choice.

Potions could be obtained through transactions between players or through friends.

However, for instance dungeons, they had to be personally present and sent to their location.

Instance dungeons were a good place!

Whether it was farming experience, treasure hunting, gold farming, or even challenging the difficulty level to obtain the one and only reward, almost all players of all levels were included.

Whether it was for the sake of farming the poor gold platoons, ordinary players who wanted to experience it, rich players who liked to play and show off, or experts who liked to challenge themselves, they could not leave the dungeon!

A wilderness dungeon was definitely good!

Unfortunately.

They had only found a few, but the vast majority of them had not been found. Even if they had, it was because they had made a fortune in secret. Who would reveal it?

So.

The official instance dungeon was naturally the best choice!

According to the official rules, there was an official dungeon for every five levels. For example, level 35 and level 40!

Every instance dungeon had one and only one reward. It was divided into individual rewards and team rewards!

As the name suggested.

The individual reward was a reward that could only be obtained by clearing solo instance dungeons. The team reward was naturally the team clear!

Still.

There was a prerequisite.

That was to not exceed level 10 of the natural level!

For example.

If a player chose to clear Level 20 dungeons at Level 31 or above, it was fine. However, due to their level, they were directly disqualified and could no longer compete for the dungeon's Uniqueness Reward!

Furthermore!

In order to obtain the Uniqueness reward, the difficulty of the instance dungeon had to be the highest level Abyss Mode!

The Abyss Mode would adjust according to the player's level. It was impossible for the player to suppress the monster with his level!

‘ Of course.’

There was no hope of getting the reward, but there were no other restrictions.

No one could only clear the dungeon three times a day. These three times were normal. After three times, if they wanted to clear the dungeon again, it was fine. However, the further they went, the lower the experience and drop rate would be!

If a high-level player were to challenge a low-level dungeon, their experience would definitely decrease greatly. However, the drop rate would not change under normal circumstances.

After all.

Even if it was a low-level dungeon, it was not meaningless for high-level players. For example, the materials on the monsters, the minerals in the dungeons, medicinal herbs and other resources, or unique items that only special monsters dropped…

A lot of people needed it!

At the very least, he could sell it for money!

This also caused many high-level players to immediately turn around and challenge low-level dungeons after clearing the dungeons that they needed to level up. At the same time, they could also take care of new players and earn some extra money for free.

Hence.

A virtuous cycle!

"Sorry, I'm late!"

They sped along.

Upon arriving at the agreed-upon location, Qin Luo looked at the frosty Sanguine Primrose and immediately felt much better. Walking forward, he calmly greeted her.

"There won't be a next time!"

Qin Luo stared at Qin Luo coldly for a long while. Qin Luo also felt an indescribable pressure when Qin Luo narrowed his eyes. Fortunately, it came and went quickly.

“Sure.”

Qin Luo, his current boss, shrugged. He had to give her face.

Besides.

How could he embarrass Sanguine Primrose in front of so many subordinates?

Anyway.

This time around, Pigeon's actions had also angered Sanguine Primrose. In the future, there was no need for her to use such a lowly method to provoke Sanguine Primrose.

"Is everyone here? Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng and Sanguine Primrose's agreement was to cooperate, not to become her slave.

There were many areas of cooperation, including bringing her along to show off!

Ahem.

Bring her to the dungeon!

Sanguine Primrose had put in a lot of effort, both in real life and in the game!

As for Qin Sheng, the only thing he could give up was his strength!

Oh, right!

There was also Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal.

Without the management of Mengmeng and the Damask King, Du Qiangwei's private subordinates were in charge of the two places that shook the world of fate.

‘ Of course.’

It was Qin Sheng who controlled the power. The power was his too, but he had given it away!

Professionals do professional things!

Just in time.

Qin Qin Sheng was also able to extricate himself from these trivial matters. Even if he were to distribute 30% of his molecules, he believed that he would definitely earn more than before!

Unfortunately.

In the future, he would buy it at a low price and then use Starlight Miracle to level up. Then, he would not be able to sell it at a high price unless he did not care about exposing it!

Without the Super Potion of Starlight Miracle, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion lost its core competitiveness, but the potions from the Dragon City were still unique. The Hidden Dragon Pavilion could still maintain its position as the leader for a period of time.

As for the future?

In the future, when the pharmacists that Rose would nurture grew up, everything would be fine!

"Wait, there are still four people who haven't arrived yet!"

Sanguine Primrose took out her communicator and sent a message.

Soon.

Four "big shots" who were dressed gorgeously and looked out of place with the surrounding equipment players strolled over.

"It's you guys?"

Qin Qin Sheng's expression was complicated.

Reacher.

It was none other than Ya Tu, Qing Si, Mu Mu, and Feng Xing!

His first batch of gaming friends!