Chapter 752: Luo Lin’S Favor And Luo Li’S Engagement

She returned to the Luoshen Residence in a daze.

Qin Luo Sheng did not even know how he had walked out of the City Lord Residence and returned home.

Lying on the bed, Qin Sheng looked at the marriage contract in his hand with a complicated gaze. His heart was in a mess!

Two lifetimes.

Just like that.

Got a wife?

Furthermore, his wife was an outstanding beauty. Not only was she extremely beautiful, but she also had a noble status. She was the daughter of the city lord, the daughter of a duke, the princess of an imperial court, and a successful career woman. Her strength was tyrannical, and the Rose Knight Legion under her command was ranked among the top in the entire Great Xia Empire.

Damn it!

A pie from heaven?

I'm about to crack!

"Forget it!"

When he saw the date of the marriage on the marriage certificate, it was three months later at the location of Qin Luo Sheng. He let out a breath of turbid air and placed it in the secret chamber of his house, then placed it in a treasure box.

"What's there to be unhappy about?"

After tidying up a little.

Qin Luo walked out of the secret chamber.

Mengmeng had not returned yet. Even though there were other servants in the Luo Shen Residence, Qin Sheng still felt that it was deserted.

Damask was the same.

The two girls were brought by Luo Li to the Imperial City and protected. It was to prevent the Dragon Clan from taking advantage of them and threatening them.

Even though the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform had already passed, the conflict between Qin Luo and the dragon race was even more acute. No one could guarantee that the dragon race would take the risk and do something. Of course, it was precisely because they did not dare to. After all, if anything happened to him, the dragon race, which was already in a crisis of reputation, at this critical juncture, would inevitably become the first suspect.

Besides.

Against a man who had killed the Black Dragon King on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, unless the Dragon Emperor personally took action, who was confident of winning?

At this moment.

Damask and Mengmeng, who had close ties with Qin Luo, would definitely become the best targets!

‘ Of course.’

There was also Luo Li.

However…

Luo Li was too strong. Furthermore, with the protection of the Rose Knights, wanting to touch her was even harder than touching Qin Sheng himself!

"Forget it, why think so much!"

Shaking his head, Zhang Xuan tossed those thoughts out of his mind.

"Now, without the threat of deleting my account during the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, I have nothing to worry about. I should think about what I should do next!"

Qin Luo Sheng recalled the harrowing battle with Long Yuan and clenched his fists. "I'm still too weak. If I had the strength to sweep through everything, why would I fall into such a predicament? If not for the fact that I had some foundation, the Emperor, the Daoist Sect, and Ge Lin's strong support, as well as a little blind sweeping assistance, I would have lost without a doubt."

"Right now, my strength has decreased significantly compared to before!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his stats window with a dark expression. "That damned Long Yuan. So what if he dies? He actually disregarded his soul to curse me! MLGBD, the little reward for killing him, even if it was a SSS mission reward, didn't let me return to my peak!"

All attributes decreased by 0!

It was too fatal!

Especially when his special attributes and resistance dropped!

It was really hard to make up for it!

"Forget it, what's done is done. There's no point complaining!"

Sighing, Qin Sheng muttered to himself, "Fortunately, the special skill with the highest value has not been eliminated. We still have a chance to get back the other losses!—Let's take a look at our harvest first!"

There was no need to mention his level and reputation!

Other than that, the reward was Sacred Dragon Set x1, Skill Book x2, Scroll x3, Treasure Map x1, Title: Dragon King (Black), all attributes + 1000, Special attributes + 20, All Resistance + 30%, Health, Magic Recovery + 10%

[Sacred Dragon Sword]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 100 / 100

Effect: Attack + 12000, Strength + 800, Constitution + 500

Special Effect: [Dragon Tooth] is a divine sword forged with the Holy Dragon's Tooth as the main material. When it attacks, it will have 5,000 points of tearing damage and additional bleeding effect. 30% penetration effect (Ignore 30% physical defense)!

Special Effect: [Dragon's Fury] The dragon energy that the sacred dragon participated in will be released during the attack. There is a chance to give the target a stun effect for 3 seconds! (The same target can only be used once)

Additional Skill: [Holy Dragon Slaying Slash] consumes 5,000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. In a very short period of time, slash 7 times on the target. The damage per strike is fixed at 300% strength, with additional breaking effect! Cooldown: 1 hour!

Additional Skill: [Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash] consumes 10,000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. Strength accumulation: 1-10 seconds. Attack Range: 5-50 meters. Attack Power: 300% -3,000%. Strength accumulation: 10 seconds. Attack: 100% with annihilation effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: Sacred Dragon, Sacred Dragon. Originally a member of the Light Dragon Clan, because he was unable to save his companions, he was reduced to a Blood Dragon in despair. From then on, he used light to redeem himself and blood to slaughter enemies. He led the Dragon Clan to defeat countless races and wars, establishing the Dragon Clan's position as the overlord of the world. He was the third Dragon Emperor of the Dragon Clan and was known as the Sacred Emperor by the Dragon Clan. He was known as the Sacred Emperor! The weapon condensed from his life's battles, even though his True Spirit did not exist because of his death and its power was greatly reduced, it was still a sacred item of the Dragon Clan. Wearing it, one could not be a hero or supreme being of the Dragon Clan!

This…

It was a legend that he could directly use it?

This was too hardcore!

Damn it!

This attribute, this special effect, this skill, this cool and awesome!

This sword!

No matter how one looked at it, it was very similar to [Coiling Dragon Water]. It was like the weakened version of [Coiling Dragon Water]!

The special effect Dragon Tooth had a solid damage of 5000 points. It added bleeding and penetrating effects!

This ability.

No matter what kind of existence they were fighting, they were all at ease!

If he did not eat physics, he would wear himself down!

Eating Physics was even better. He could just hack him to death!

It didn't matter if its defense was high. The Penetration effect would teach it a lesson!

It was almost perfect!

There was nothing to say about the special effect Dragon's Fury. Control effect.

This guy.

It was even stronger than the special effect [Dragon Soul] of [Coiling Dragon Water]!

Even though the duration of [Dragon Soul] was 5 seconds, its immunity to True Dragons and above was a huge flaw!

Double active skill!

Holy Dragon Carnage Slash, single target wild attack, outstanding effect, using quantity to win, seven strikes in a second, output explosion!

Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash was also a single-target attack, but it required accumulation of power. The longer it took to accumulate power, the more outstanding its effects would be. Especially after accumulating power for ten seconds, not only would the damage be increased to 3000%, it would also have an additional annihilation effect!

What was annihilation?

It was directly obliterated!

To put it simply, there was nothing left!

It was a divine skill!

The only pity was that it was arranged according to the duration of the accumulation of power. If one wanted to achieve the optimal effect of accumulating power for as long as 10 seconds, no one would give them the chance.

Anger!!!!