Chapter 753: Legendary Set

[Saint Dragon Divine Armor]

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 80 / 80

Effect: Physical Defense + 8000, Magic Defense + 8000, Constitution + 500

Special Effect: [Dragon Protection] has the True Dragon Protection on the surface of the body. Defense + 30%. After being attacked, there is an 80% chance of forming a defensive shield. Tenacity: 30,000 points. Cooldown: 10 seconds!

Additional Skill: [Holy Dragon Protection] consumes 3,000 mana points and reduces 90% of physical magic damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Additional Skill: [Holy Dragon Protection] consumes 5000 Mana Points to counteract the incoming physical magical damage. Cooldown: 30 minutes!

Introduction: Sacred Dragon, Sacred Dragon. Originally a member of the Light Dragon Clan, because he was unable to save his companions, he was reduced to a Blood Dragon in despair. From then on, he used light to redeem himself and blood to slaughter enemies. He led the Dragon Clan to defeat countless races and wars, establishing the Dragon Clan's position as the overlord of the world. He was the third Dragon Emperor of the Dragon Clan and was known as the Sacred Emperor by the Dragon Clan. He was known as the Sacred Emperor! The weapon condensed from his life's battles, even though his True Spirit did not exist because of his death and its power was greatly reduced, it was still a sacred item of the Dragon Clan. Wearing it, one could not be a hero or supreme being of the Dragon Clan!

Such high defense!

Damn it!

It was much stronger than the legendary [Glazed Armor]!

As for the special effects and skills, they had their own merits and were difficult to choose from.

Even though [Sacred Dragon Armor] was much stronger, [Glass Robe] had an extremely powerful skill—Absolute Defense!

This was the strongest skill against a powerful BOSS!

If he was qualified to wear the [Glass Robe] during the battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform, the difficulty would be much easier!

Besides.

[Glass Robe] and a forbidden spell!

"Forget it, I'll see!"

Qin Luo Sheng was caught between a rock and a hard place. He wanted both pieces, but in the end, he only had one piece of armor and could only equip one piece. He, who had difficulty choosing, was instantly dumbfounded!

After putting away the [Sacred Dragon Armor], Qin Luo looked through the remaining three sets one by one. They were all legendary grade, respectively [Sacred Dragon Divine Hands], [Sacred Dragon Divine Crown] and [Sacred Dragon Divine Boots]!

Ding… congratulations on gathering Legendary Set—Holy Dragon, activated set effect: + 500 for the four basic attributes, + 3 for special attributes, + 10% resistance for all attributes, + 5% recovery speed. Skill: Holy Dragon Descent! '

Awesome!

It was indeed a Legendary Set. The effect of this set was simply insane.

Qin Luo Sheng had also owned a set once before. However, it was the [Jungle Book] that he had obtained in the Beginner's Village. It was just that there were only four pieces, and the most important part of the weapon was missing. Therefore, the attributes of the activated set were not complete.

Set pieces were extremely rare and difficult to gather!

Even someone like Qin Luo, who had killed so many bosses, had only managed to obtain the Jungle Book. The current Sacred Dragon Set was a reward for the mission.

From this, it could be seen that

How low was the production rate of a set!

"With the Sacred Dragon Set, the Duality Dao Sword, the Glazed Daoist Robe, the Blood Demon Gauntlets, and the Blood Demon Crown are all useless!"

Previously, he was still worried about not having any equipment, but now, the equipment was overflowing. "No matter what, we have to make a few trips to the Demon Palace. The Boss inside can drop Blood Demon parts. Perhaps, we can gather the Blood Demon Set. An Epic equipment, an Epic Set, after the effects of my Starlight Miracle, will become a Legendary Set. Even if it's an additional grade, its ability is not as strong as the [Holy Dragon] Set, but its effect should not be bad!"

After briefly planning his next move in his mind, Qin Sheng continued to focus on the spoils of war!

Equipment was only the lowest reward. The rest was the real treasure!

[Ethereal Steps] Special skill. Requirement: None!

[Heavenly Eye] Special skill. Requirement: None!

The two Skill Books rewarded were actually both special skills. This made Qin Sheng extremely happy.

Everyone knew that.

Amongst the skills, special skills were the most valuable and had the most outstanding effects.

This time, he was cursed by Long Yuan before he died and cleared all the skills that he had obtained with great difficulty. Basically, other than special skills, all of them were wiped out. Only a few high-grade Epic Legendary skills were preserved and the losses were heavy.

The combat power of the players was the most obvious display. Other than attributes and equipment, it was skills!

It could be said that the strength and number of skills determined the upper limit of a player's combat ability.

For example, Qin Sheng.

If he did not have the support of many skills, would he be qualified to fight against Epic, Legendary Boss, or even higher existences?

No way!

He thought that this time, not only did he lose his attributes, he also lost his skills. In a short period of time, his combat power was greatly reduced.

Unexpectedly.

The system still had some conscience and returned the mission reward.

Ding… congratulations on learning [Ethereal Steps]! '

Ding… congratulations on learning [Heavenly Eye]! '

Ding… I have detected that your skill [Heavenly Eye] and [Probing Skill] overlap. Do you wish to fuse your abilities? '

"Fuse!"

[Ethereal Steps] was a special skill. After activating it, its speed would increase by 200% and its evasion rate would increase to 90%. It could create illusions while moving to confuse the enemy! Duration: 1 minute. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Heavenly Eye] was a special skill that could see through all illusions. It could detect Illusory Formations, Bewildering Formations, Illusory Formations, and other existences. It could also detect detailed information about targets no more than 10 levels above oneself!

Footwork Skill!

And—

An enhanced version of Probing Skill!

"Sure!"

Qin Luo's face flushed red.

The Snake Movement Technique was gone, but now there was an even stronger [Ethereal Steps]. The detection technique had been fused, and an even more impressive [Heavenly Eye] had appeared!

It was indeed a special skill!

Although there was no direct improvement in combat ability, these two auxiliary skills could actually strengthen Qin Sheng's combat ability!

Ethereal Steps!

The Heavenly Eye was even more effective in information warfare!

Qin Luo shut the skill column happily and looked at the three ancient sheepskin scrolls.

The first card!

[Mysterious Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: A mysterious scroll that seems to contain a huge secret!

Opening Thunder Strike!

Qin Luo Sheng remembered clearly that when he had killed the first Epic-ranked BOSS, a scroll like this had dropped as well. However, that scroll was the Man Scroll and this scroll was the Earth Scroll!

Epic Explosive Manual!

Legend has it that the Earth Explosion scroll!

According to this logic.

A higher level myth should be the Heaven Exploding Scroll!

Except.

The strange thing was, it wasn't like they hadn't killed a Legendary BOSS before. Why didn't it explode then?

Besides.

Dragon Abyss was not a Legendary Boss, but a half-step Legendary!

Plus.

Long Yuan sacrificed himself and left nothing behind.

This scroll was a reward from the System!

Strange!

Looks like…

This mysterious scroll should not be like the [XX Mark] that could increase one's talent grade. The first Boss that was killed alone would definitely drop. However, there was a chance that it would drop after killing a Boss of that grade!

Keep it well!