Chapter 756: Choice And Plans

"I choose to recover the luck, tenacity, perception, and focus of special attributes. I also choose the skill: Shadow Escape!"

Eventually.

Qin Luo still made his choice.

Shadow Escape!

This was the Shadow Warrior’s exclusive skill.

As the shadow warriors were stripped away by the Dragon Abyss Curse, they no longer existed.

Without a bloodline skill, it was the best choice.

Two effects:

One was teleportation within a five-meter radius!

The second was to enter the shadow!

They were all life-saving abilities!

His second ability, in particular, had allowed Qin Luo to escape death countless times.

backward.

The Boss they were facing was definitely getting stronger. Without the extremely strange Shadow Warrior, just the Spellblade Warrior alone would be somewhat dangerous. Just the Ultimate Healing Spell alone was not enough to guarantee their safety. With Shadow Escape, they would at least have some confidence!

Beep beep…

Just as Qin Luo was done with everything and was about to think about what to do next, the urgent voice of the communicator solved his problem.

"What is it?"

Qin Sheng frowned when he saw that it was Sanguine Primrose who was calling. However, he was still in the villa and his family was still under surveillance. He had yet to fully mature and could not refuse.

"Level 40 dungeon expedition, gather in one hour!"

Sanguine Primrose's cold voice rang out once more, without the slightest bit of respect for her.

"You need to get this straight. You and I are just partners. Don't speak to me in such a commanding tone!"

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly enraged. Fortunately, he did not lose his rationality and suppressed his anger as he spoke coldly.

"Remember, one hour of preparation time!"

Yet.

However, Sanguine Primrose did not show the slightest bit of restraint. She was still as cold as before. She repeated the time of gathering and hung up the call.

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng exploded on the spot.

Anger filled his chest, causing his chest to breathe heavily due to his anger.

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth in anger. "You bastard woman! Sooner or later, I'll crush your pride and make you kneel before me to sing 'Conquer'!"

Anger was anger!

Qin Luo still chose to endure!

Perhaps in this world of fate, he was a god to the players. He could not be omnipotent for the time being, but he could definitely be invincible!

Previously, Mad Thunder had ambushed him with the elites of the Thunder Union, mobilizing tens of thousands of people. If not for the help of the dragon race and setting up a few disgusting array formations, he would not be in such a miserable state.

Even though the Thunder Guild was the weakest, it was still one of the top ten guilds in China. Other than the top two East Imperial Pavilion and the Sky Tyrant Guild, the other guilds like the Elegance Room and the Rose Society were not much stronger.

In other words.

With Qin Sheng's current capabilities, he was completely unafraid even if an entire guild was dispatched.

Unfortunately.

After all, this was only the game world. In the virtual world, people still had to look at reality.

Yet.

In the real world, he had no one to rely on and had no background. Yet, Du Qiangwei, that extremely shrewd woman, found him and controlled him. It was simply too much!

"Just you wait, it won't be long before I wake you up to see who the clown is!"

Qin Luo Sheng was in a dark place. The light shone on the right half of his body, making him appear radiant and beautiful. Meanwhile, the left half of his body was in darkness. Accompanied by his sinister and cold smile, he appeared exceptionally sinister and terrifying.

"You want to use my family to threaten me and the law to coerce me? Du Qiangwei, you've made a wrong move! When my strength rises above the world, or even the entire Blue Star, your useless methods and the hidden chess pieces you've set up will be worthless!"

Qin Luo, who was half radiant and half evil, exuded an extremely treacherous aura. "You have to know that I personally delivered those so-called evidence to you!"

What did Qin Luo Sheng have against him?

Murder!

It was an extremely cruel torture!

Li Ru and Lin Mingzhou.

While he was torturing and killing these two fellows and eliminating the hatred and obsession of his previous self, Qin Sheng had clearly detected that there were cameras around him and recorded all his actions.

Besides.

It was Du Qiangwei's men who dealt with the aftermath.

It was easy for him to do something and leave behind some evidence!

Perhaps this woman thought it was flawless, but in reality, it was just Qin Sheng doing it on purpose!

If he gave Du Qiangwei something to use against him, she would not be so wary of him.

It had to be said.

Du Qiangwei lived up to her reputation as a person who was adept at scheming. No matter what aspect she was involved in, there was nothing she could say about it. Her actions were watertight, and she was able to move freely.

Unfortunately.

The only limitation was his vision.

No matter how astute and scheming she was, she would never have expected that he, Qin Sheng, was no longer the former Qin Sheng, but a transmigrator from Earth. Furthermore, due to reasons that even he himself could not understand, when a body mutated in reality, not only could it bring the props from the game world into the real world, it could also continuously evolve, from an ordinary human to a supernatural being, or even—a god!

Plotting against a god?

How foolish!

Sooner or later, she would suffer the consequences of her own greed!

…

An hour later!

Qin Qin Sheng walked out of the "iron house" in Luoshen Residence.

In just one short hour, he had used up all of his savings, and he had even spent nearly ten million gold coins!

He went from being the richest person to being a pauper!

Still.

After spending so much, his results were very good.

The Blood Demon Sword, the Duality Dao Sword, the Glazed Daoist Robe, and the five-piece Holy Dragon Set were all successfully enhanced by him + 10!

He first went to the Job-Changing Hall to change jobs and choose the Berserker!

Qin Sheng did not want to reveal his identity as a Spellblade for the time being.

However, the Shadow Warrior was gone. Fortunately, he used an ordinary job.

Fortunately, he had completed the Class Advancement mission before, so he was able to advance to the second stage smoothly.

After paying a certain fee and learning all the Berserker skills, the total cost was less than 100 gold coins. It was not even 50% of his + 1 enhancement. It was so cheap that it made one's hair stand on end.

He bought some return scrolls and ordinary Dao items. As for potions, he only used a little of the full backpack from the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. Now, he had more in his backpack, so he didn't need to prepare any more.

Then…

He then went to replenish some food and water while repairing his equipment!

After running back and forth in the city for more than ten minutes, the communicator rang non-stop. It was only when Du Qiangwei urged Qin Luo for the fifth time, which was even colder than usual, that Qin Sheng slowly walked towards the gathering point!

As he ran, he opened the mission panel!

[Mission Title] Race Conspiracy

[Mission Introduction] Now that you have infiltrated the Dragon race and successfully obtained the position of the Black Dragon King, you have the seat of the highest authority in the Dragon race. Furthermore, due to your special identity, you are on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor. You have the chance to infiltrate individual forces and influence, destroy the Dragon race, or distort the Dragon race's impression of the human race.

[Mission Details: Destroy the Dragon race]

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???