Chapter 754: The Hope Of Repairing [Pan Long Li Water]…

The second scroll!

[Repair Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Repair

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can repair any equipment or item!

Repair scrolls!

It was him again!

This was great!

Qin Luo was ecstatic!

He quickly took out the [Coiling Dragon Water] that he had retrieved from the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform!

[Coiling Dragon Li Water (+ 10)]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Mythical

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 1 / 1

Effect: Attack + 1

Enhancement Reward: + 100% Physical Attack (This condition is limited to increasing the weapon's attack) + 10 to Enhancement: When attacking, there is a 50% chance of doubling the damage of the attack!

Endowment: [Ascending Dragon Slaying] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. It has a + 500% damage to dragons, + 1000% damage to serpents, reduces 20% of the abilities of the scaled warriors in the world, and has an additional effect of Dragon Slaying. 30% chance of killing in one strike!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It's said to be the weapon of a Heavenly God. It uses Li Water, one of the top ten mystical waters as its main energy source. Sealed inside is the soul of a True Dragon, hence its name, Coiling Dragon Li Water.

Sigh!

Crippled!

It was once ranked first on the equipment rankings, and it was the only Mythical weapon in the entire Fated World. [Coiling Dragon Water] looked like this!

This was still good!

After all, it was a Mythical weapon. There was no mention of its effects in the [Life-Extinguishing Strike]. Therefore, even if it was calculated according to the expenditure of a Legendary weapon, it was able to preserve a "life" because of its stronger grade!

He imagined the [Dragon Slaying Sword] that was thrown out at the beginning. The Epic Single-Handed Sword that was enhanced by + 10 was completely reduced to a consumable item. It would dissipate after it was used up, leaving nothing behind!

‘ Of course.’

The Coiling Dragon Water was saved, but there was a price to pay!

The price was that the effects would disappear, the special effects would disappear, and all the skills would be destroyed!

He had become a super salted fish with + 1 Attack. He was not even comparable to a novice wooden sword!

"There's hope now!"

Qin Luo Sheng's hands were trembling as he held the scroll.

Previously, he had also obtained the restoration scroll.

However…

The repair scroll was at the Epic stage and was too weak. It was useless against the damaged [Coiling Dragon Water]!

Now it was good.

This restoration scroll was three question marks, which meant that it had no grade!

equivalent.

The lower could repair bronze, the upper could repair myths.

Unlimited!

Ding… do you use [Repair Scroll] on [Coiling Dragon Water]? '

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng chose the affirmative option without hesitation!

Ding… the healing scroll is effective. As the [Coiling Dragon Water] 's damage is extremely severe, it needs to absorb the [Wood Dragon Soul] and [Earth Dragon Soul]. Gather the Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth Dragon Souls, activate the power of the five elements, borrowing the power of the five elements to regenerate, and further improve!'

Qin Luo Sheng picked up [Coiling Dragon Li Water].

The attack power had been restored, but the special effects and skills were all in a gray state. The originally bright and resplendent appearance was also extremely obscure. The three dragon souls inside the sword had completely fallen into silence!

In other words.

The [Coiling Dragon Water] was now just a divine weapon. The only thing that could unleash its power was the sharpness of the sword. It was equivalent to using the [Forbidden Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Bead] previously. Its energy was depleted and its ability was sealed!

"Earth Dragon Soul and Wood Dragon Soul!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his head hurting.

To be recognized by the current Mythical-level [Coiling Dragon Water], it was definitely not ordinary. At the very least, it required a dragon soul at the Dragon King level to qualify.

Where the f*ck was he supposed to find a dragon soul at the dragon king level?

"Forget it, I'll leave the [Coiling Dragon Water] for the time being. I have the Holy Dragon Sword now and the Duality Dao Sword alternately. I also have the reviving Blood Demon Sword, so I don't lack any weapons to use! Furthermore, since I've lost my two-handed proficiency skill, I won't be able to use the Dual Sword Style in the future, so my need for weapons has decreased!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed and placed the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] that had accompanied him since the novice village into the secret chamber. He looked at the dark edge of the sword and the dragon soul that was silent and swore silently in his heart, "Wait for me, I'll definitely let you recover. At that time, we'll fight side by side!"

Even so!

But Qin Luo knew very well.

If he did not have any fortuitous encounters, he would have to be at least level 80 or above to achieve this goal!

All of the Dragon King's existences were at the highest level.

The dragon soul was the soul of the dragon race. Losing it was equivalent to death. Furthermore, detaining the dragon soul was equivalent to making it your slave. Not to mention the big shots of the dragon king level, even if it was just an ordinary dragon, or even if it was not a proud dragon, any other race would not be like this. They would rather die than be willing!

So.

There was only one way out!

And now…

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to use his strength to suppress others, intimidate the Dragon King, and make him offer his dragon soul was simply a fantasy.

‘ What?’

Dragon Abyss?

Don't joke around!

Qin Luo Sheng was able to defeat Long Yuan on the Terrifying Dragon Platform because of a prerequisite. Long Yuan was limited by the rules and his own level was suppressed to level 34 like him!

Otherwise…

Dragon Abyss responded with full level. Level 34 VS 100?

Even if he stood there for his entire life, he wouldn't be able to hurt a single hair of his. He was definitely a MISS with 100% attack power!

"Hai, let's take it slow!"

Qin Luo was well aware that repairing the Coiling Dragon Li Water was simply a distant dream.

After all.

Even if he had the strength to defeat a Dragon King one day, would he be willing to offer up his dragon soul?

Even if he had to self-destruct!

"Fortunately, there's still hope, isn't there?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a few more glances at the Coiling Dragon Water before placing it in the sword case and placing it carefully.

The third scroll.

[Fusion Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Fusion

Introduction: A scroll that possesses mystical powers. It can fuse any equipment or item, as well as special existences!

Another three question mark scroll.

When Qin Luo Sheng saw this, he immediately thought of the Sacred Dragon Armor and the Glass Robe, as well as the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Blood Demon Sword!

However…

He stopped himself!

A special scroll without any grade or restriction was definitely a priceless existence. The higher one went, the greater the value.

With the current equipment, even if it was successful, it would be a huge loss in the long run!

If it had been before the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, Qin Sheng would have used it without the slightest hesitation to increase his strength as much as possible. But now, there was really no need for that!

Besides.

The description of the scroll clearly stated that not only could it integrate equipment and items, there was also a special existence.

What was a special existence?

Qin Qin Sheng did not know.

However, he knew that as long as it was related to the word 'special', it would definitely be extraordinary.

So.

This scroll must be hidden well, waiting for the fated item to appear!

The things he had on him now were not worthy!

He took another wooden box and placed the fusion scroll inside, carefully keeping it!

He finished reading the three scrolls.

Qin Luo shifted his gaze to the last item of spoils.

Treasure map!