Chapter 751: Luo Lin’S Favor And Luo Li’S Engagement

Military rank system?

The use of military merits was finally here!

The system was very excited.

This thing had been in the beginner village for a long time, and only now did it finally reveal its true appearance!

His accumulation had allowed him to become a dragon in a single day. He had skipped over the ranks of the unranked and became a general. Furthermore, he was a seventh-ranked warrior!

Don't think that seventh-grade was low. This was an official rank. It was not bad!

Qin Luo Sheng did not care if he was rude or not, or if he had neglected Luo Lin. In front of him, he could not wait to open his stats window and check.

[Military Rank: General Zhonglang (7th Grade)]: General Zhonglang of the Great Xia Empire. Special privilege: General Zhonglang's Royal Seal. Under special circumstances, you can mobilize no more than 100 soldiers to fight for you! Attack Power + 5%, Critical Hit Chance + 5%, Penetration Rate + 5%, Speed + 5%. This effect will double when used against the enemy camp of the Great Xia Empire!

F*ck!

So strong?

Qin Luo Sheng was delighted.

From the looks of it, the increase in strength of a seventh-rank warrior was not scary. However, this was just a title. It was equivalent to an extremely special "equipment". It was a special "equipment" that did not occupy any part of the equipment. Even if it only increased one point of strength, it was still a pure profit!

Apart from his military rank, Qin Luo Sheng looked at his characteristic panel and saw two other titles!

[Dragon Race: Dragon King (Black)]: Black Dragon King of the Dragon Race. Those who hold this title will be the King of the Black Dragon Race, a branch of the Dragon Race. They will have the same privilege: qualification to enter the Dragon Palace Hall, seats in the parliament, seats of honor in the Dragon King (With the Dragon Lord's seat, they will automatically view it as a higher position of honor in the Dragon Race). The absolute rule of the Black Dragon Race. Within the Dragon Race's sphere of influence, experience points + 50%, gold coin drop rate + 50%, equipment drop rate + 25%, and the shops in the Dragon Race's sphere of influence will get 50% discount and so on!

NB!

Other than being awesome, there was no other word to describe Qin Sheng!

This time.

It was the Dragon Palace Hall, the most complete power organization that could openly enter the Dragon race.

In other words, he could participate in the meeting with the Dragon Emperor and other big shots. With the Black Dragon King's status, even if he was an anomaly, he would be fighting alone and would not be taken seriously by other Dragon Kings. No one would listen to him or listen to his suggestions.

But none of that mattered!

As long as there was a name!

As for the rest?

Haha!

There was no impenetrable fortress in this world. Time could prove everything!

[Grand Xia Empire: Viscount]: The Grand Xia Empire's Viscount, has special privileges: If you don't pay respects to the officials, all the official shops in the Grand Xia Empire will have a 20% discount. The EXP gained in the Grand Xia Empire will increase by 20%, gold coin drop rate by 20%, equipment drop rate by 10%!

Previously, he was a baron. Now, he had leveled up and become a viscount!

Ninety percent discount and eighty percent discount, the number of points obtained doubled!

"How is it? Did His Majesty give you a reward?"

Lorraine teased.

"Thank you, Your Majesty. I am ashamed!"

Qin Luo looked grateful.

"Indeed, you're too bold, kid. You actually didn't give His Majesty any face in front of everyone!"

Upon hearing this, Luo Lin immediately stopped smiling and said seriously, "It's only because I met a benevolent ruler like His Majesty that I didn't hold it against you. Otherwise, based on your words and actions at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, you would have long been punished for being disrespectful! In fact, many officials in the court used this as an excuse to attack you. Fortunately, His Majesty stood up to everyone and not only did he not punish you, he even rewarded you!"

"Your Majesty's benevolence!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly cupped his hands and bowed towards the Imperial City!

"Alright, stop with these formalities!"

Luo Lin smiled and said, "His Majesty is not only a benevolent ruler, but also a powerful ruler. If you are grateful, then show some practical actions to help His Majesty complete his hegemony!"

"Since Your Majesty has such ambitions, we will not shirk our duty!"

Qin Luo said, "It's just that my words are light and my strength is weak. Even if I wanted to help His Majesty, I have the heart but not the strength!"

"You, you, what are you playing at!"

Luo Lin pointed at Qin Sheng with an amused expression and shook his head slightly. "To be able to kill a person from the Black Dragon King's Dragon Abyss, why are you still saying such things? I wonder if people will be angry and come to beat you up if this gets out!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Have you considered what I told you before?"

After exchanging pleasantries, Luo Lin said solemnly, "If you are unwilling, you must keep your mouth shut. You must not reveal any information. This concerns the race. If you fail, the implications will be too great. Even if His Majesty admires you, you will die!"

"I will definitely participate in this plan!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a resolute expression, "Not only for the human race, but also for myself. Right now, the dragon race hates me to the core. If there's a chance, they'll definitely make a move on me immediately. With such a large clan that might take my life at any time, I can't sleep or eat in peace. I won't rest until I destroy or subdue them completely!"

"Alright!"

Luo Lin was very pleased. "Since you are so determined, we will definitely cooperate with you!"

"Ding… Congratulations on your SSS mission [Dragon Race's Trial]. It has triggered a hidden mission—Race Plan. Please head to the mission panel to check!"

Very good!

As expected of a SSS mission. It was indeed ridiculous!

Even if it was completed, there were still so many subsequent triggering missions and rewards. It was indeed a great treasure!

"Alright, let's get down to business then!"

Qin Luo Sheng was about to check out the new mission when Luo Lin interrupted him first.

"Personal matter?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

What personal matters do I have with you?

“You brat, what kind of expression is that?”

Luo Lin frowned. “The entire world knows that my daughter, Luo Li, has an unclear relationship with you. Why? Are you not going to admit it?”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn it.

What was going on?

Why does it seem like you are the future son-in-law of your father-in-law?

“Miss Luo Li, I will be endlessly grateful!”

Qin Luo said sincerely.

These were his heartfelt words.

Back then.

When he was killed by Long Xu and a dozen other dragons, he was beaten up and killed over a hundred times. His limbs were broken, his spirit was dispirited, and his True Spirit was almost defeated. If Luo Li hadn’t led her Rose Knight Legion to support him, his ID, Weeping Soul, would have long disappeared. There wouldn’t be a battle that would shock the entire continent, the Dragon Terrace!

"There's no need to thank me!"

Luo Lin waved his hand and said, "I know my daughter the best. Ever since she was young, she has been the most gentle, kind, and proud one. Even though it was her mission to fight against the dragons who invaded illegally, she wouldn't have done that if she didn't have special feelings for you!"

"Then, what do you mean?" Qin Sheng asked.

"What I mean is that my daughter isn't young anymore!" Luo Lin glanced at Qin Sheng and said, "This child is proud and arrogant. Not to mention this Star Brilliance City, even those outstanding young men in the imperial city have never caught her eye. But you are different."

Qin Sheng:…

"This child is proud and is not good at expressing her emotions. As her father, how can I watch helplessly as she loses her great marriage!"

Lorraine said, “So here, as a father, I entrust her to you. Can you promise to bring her happiness?”

“Ding… Star Brilliance City’s City Lord Luo Lin wishes to marry his daughter Luo Li to you. Do you agree?”

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o