Chapter 755: Time Scroll

"Treasure map. If I remember correctly…"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed slightly as if he had thought of something.

A flurry of rummaging.

Finally, he found something that looked exactly like the treasure map in his hand.

[Treasure Map]

Type: Treasure Map

Effect: None

Introduction: The Demon-Buster Army, led by the Demon-Buster Great General Zhang Xin, has received orders to exterminate the evil demons of the White Bone Mountain and obtain the treasures. As they received orders to guard the Radiance Mine, they did not have time to bring the spoils of war with them. They could only bury them on the spot and set up a barrier. This scroll records the route to find the treasures and the ability to open the barrier.

This was obtained in the beginner village!

At that time.

In order to exterminate the demons in the mine, Qin Luo Sheng had killed his way into the mine alone. He had suffered the failure of exterminating the demons in the past and had thus perished in the mine cave.

After completing the mission, he had obtained a considerable amount of military merits. He had also obtained this treasure map from the demonized Demon-Buster Great General Zhang Xin!

Unfortunately.

The starting condition for this treasure map was Level 30!

Therefore, it was left in a corner and forgotten. Later on, he obtained the Luoshen Residence. When he was cleaning his backpack, he found it. However, due to time constraints, in order to deal with the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform with the Dragon Abyss, he was on the way to the Moon God Temple and had once again delayed it.

Fortunately.

Now that he was free, he could solve the mission [The Mercenary King's Last Wish] together with it.

Qin Sheng put down Zhang Xin's treasure map and looked at the reward map.

[Treasure Map]

Type: Treasure Map

Effect: Level 50 can be activated. Only with the bloodline of the Black Dragon King, or the status of the Black Dragon King, can it be activated.

Introduction: The treasure map of the Dragon Abyss. It had once failed to compete with Long Ye for the Dragon Emperor's throne. Long Yuan was unwilling to give up, so he took the initiative to take on the mission of protecting the Dragon God's treasure and left the Dragon Island. In reality, he was using this name to secretly travel outside, accumulating strength, and prepare to counterattack. For countless years, Long Yuan had set up countless hidden chess pieces and buried the treasures he collected in a hidden place. Only he knew where they were. The only clue was the map drawn by Long Yuan himself.

"Dragon Abyss' treasure?"

Qin Qin's eyes lit up.

This was an extraordinary item!

With Dragon Abyss’s style, ordinary things definitely wouldn’t enter his eyes!

The treasure buried in this treasure map was definitely priceless!

After all, Long Yuan was preparing to overthrow the Dragon Emperor. How could it be bad?

Unfortunately.

Requires 50 levels to activate!

However, it was soon. Qin Luo was already at level 48, only two levels away!

Just in time.

He would first excavate Zhang Xin's treasure map and then complete the [Mercenary King's Last Wish]. He would clear the [Demon Palace] dungeon a few more times and obtain the Blood Demon Set. After completing a series of things, he would naturally reach Level 50!

"If I want to do a good job, I have to make the best use of my tools first. I should strengthen the Holy Dragon Set while my heart is burning!"

It took less than half an hour to check the spoils of war, but it was as if a few hours had passed. Qin Sheng stretched his back a little tiredly, cleaned his backpack a little, and filled it up with the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. However, he only used less than one-tenth of the potions, sorted them out in different categories, and emptied his space to store strengthening stones and spirit crystals. Just as he was about to do something big, he suddenly saw a grey and tattered scroll in the corner.

“Mm? Why is there another scroll?”

Qin Luo was stunned.

The reward log was written clearly. Scroll x3, where did this extra scroll come from?

[Time Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Memory

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can activate the power of time and remember certain things or abilities that the target has forgotten!

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Holy shit!

What the hell was this?

Qin Luo was stunned.

"Could it be…"

An extremely bold idea suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Use, time scroll!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng used the scroll that came out of nowhere.

Ding… Time Scroll in effect, searching…

A dense light flashed and enveloped Qin Luo Sheng.

It did not last long.

Five seconds later.

The system prompted again.

"Ding… Detected the memories and abilities you have lost in five days. Memory: None. Ability: Attribute, Skill, Special Attribute, Resistance. As your level is 48, according to Rules of Level / 10, you can choose five of them to recover!"

Damn!

Awesome!

It turned out that the so-called memory ability of the Scroll of Time was actually such a bug-like effect!

He tapped on the ability!

Attributes: Strength, Constitution, Agility, Spirit, four types!

Skills: Shadow Warrior's full set of skills, Roaming Snake Step, Berserk Strike, etc, 10 of them!

Special attributes: Luck, Charm, Enlightenment, Tenacity, Focus, five!

In terms of resistance: Wind, Thunder, Water, Fire, Earth, Light, Darkness, Poison, eight types!

Choose five from the middle?

Qin Luo started to have a headache.

What should he do?

Choosing difficulties again!

Among them.

Special attributes must return.

Of course, charm was excluded first. With the Lord of the Stars, charm was maxed out. There was no need to waste a precious spot.

The first choice of luck would affect the drop rate and many other factors. He definitely had to get it!

It was the same for comprehension. This thing was a very special attribute. First, it helped him to learn countless languages and abilities in the little wooden hut of the necrophiliac. Then, he comprehended the Nine Secrets of Dao Scripture and obtained an extremely powerful Character Proficiency Technique and Combat Technique. In the future, he would have to rely on it to comprehend in depth and strive to comprehend all the Nine Characters Technique.

He had to focus too. Even though this special attribute affected the accuracy of the archers, it was not bad for other professions. Especially when he focused, it had a huge impact on his weapon refining skills. He had to keep it.

Finally, it was tenacity!

Toughness was related to willpower, and it had a great ability to weaken and resist control skills. However, Qin Sheng had the [Medal of Courage] and was immune to mental-type control, so it was not very useful. It was just that there were other uses for toughness, and it was very difficult for Qin Sheng to choose them.

"Forget it, among the five unique attributes, apart from Charm, the other four are fully recovered!"

Not long after, Qin Sheng made up his mind.

He couldn't let any of them escape.

Even the most useless tenacity was the same!

With the Medal of Courage, its tenacity would be greatly reduced. But what if it was gone?

Even the equipment that was bound was not 100% safe!

However, the attributes belonged to him. It could not be dropped!

Besides.

The Medal of Courage was only immune to spiritual control, such as freezing, deceleration, and gravity.

However, toughness could reduce the "soft control" effect in this aspect. Thus, it was worth Qin Sheng staying.

Out of the five slots, four of them had special attributes.

The remaining one, Qin Sheng, was really picky.

He wanted everything, and he found it hard to give up everything.

Unfortunately.

The three skills he wanted the most—

Dragon Might, Dragon Blood Burning Death, True Dragon Transformation!

They were all gray.

It meant that he could not recover.

Because.

The existence of these three skills depended on the true dragon bloodline.

However, his true dragon bloodline was seized by Long Yuan using his own dragon king bloodline as a catalyst.

Tsk!