Chapter 764: When The Instance Dungeon Begins…

"The show is starting!"

After five minutes of enticement, all the skeletons at the foot of the mountain were attracted over. They gathered together like an army.

Seeing this.

A cold glint flashed across Qin Luo Sheng's eyes. In the next moment, the Sacred Dragon Sword, which was already golden and resplendent, shone with an even more dazzling golden luster. Like a blazing flame, it began to burn brightly!

"Sacred Flame!"

All attributes increased by 100%. Damage to dark creatures increased by four times. Attack distance + 5 meters. Most importantly, the attack became a split attack!

One strike!

There were casualties everywhere!

"Holy Dragon Rage!"

As he was killing Qin Luo, he activated the supplementary skill [Dragon God Hand]. His attack speed increased by 100%.

Instantly.

His hand, which was already extremely fast, now looked like it was suffering from a stroke. He almost could not even see a shadow.

"This…"

Looking at the battle log that was crazily spamming the screen, the bright red numbers represented a huge amount of experience entering the account. The teammates who felt so good that they flew up were both shocked and delighted. They stood there like wooden blocks, watching Qin Sheng perform alone.

Qin Sheng did not care about being a "Old Yellow Ox".

Originally, he had wanted to participate in the instance dungeon as well. It was the same for one person and one team!

Besides.

This was also part of the collaboration with Sanguine Primrose.

It had to be said.

This woman was really full of schemes. She could make use of all the resources to obtain benefits for herself!

Still.

You have a good plan, I have a wall ladder.

It didn't matter.

In terms of scheming, he was still a match for Sanguine Rose who grew up in the sea of schemes. But who wouldn't grow up?

It didn't matter if he couldn't outsmart her, as long as he was capable!

In any case, he would try his best to keep a low profile and hold back!

That gang-building order was Qin Sheng holding back!

Qin Luo was also the master of the stars!

Qin Luo Sheng still held back!

And…

Some backup plans!

If he was to play with a woman like Sanguine Primrose, why would he reveal all of his secrets?

They were all using each other to see who could win!

Time.

Only two minutes had passed!

Under Qin Luo's and Xiaoxiao's joint attack, the hundreds of broadswords and skeletons were reduced to a pile of broken bones, turning into a team of ten people's rich experience points!

The monsters in Abyss Mode had a huge increase in attributes and experience points!

Unfortunately.

Now that Qin Luo was level 48, it would not be ideal for him to turn around and kill these level 40 monsters, even if he had the experience boost!

Still.

With the title of [Great Xia Empire: Viscount], he gained 20% experience, which was not too bad!

Except.

The experience bar of Level 48 was simply too huge. After hundreds of Enhanced Elite monsters, it only increased by 0.1%. It was simply terrifying!

"It seems like I have to hurry up and get the rewards for this dungeon. Then, I'll go and clear a high-level dungeon!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "Right now, I'm the only one who has exceeded Level 45. If I can clear Level 45 dungeons, these burdens won't be able to come either. With the excuse of increasing my strength, Sanguine Primrose has nothing to say. After all, cooperating with her is based on my strength. I won't be her slave. As for Level 35 dungeons, if they want to take the rewards, they can do it themselves. Since I'm already above Level 35 and 10, the rewards have nothing to do with me!"

"I'll leave the battlefield to you guys. I'm going to lure the monsters!"

Coming back to his senses, Qin Sheng glanced at the starlight all over the ground and said in the team channel. He did not care about his teammates who were pulled far behind him as he rode on his ice ice mountain.

White Bone Mountain was not the traditional type of dungeon!

It did not have any checkpoints. Instead, it was a "smooth" instance dungeon!

Still.

There were no checkpoints, but there was a clear distinction between the monsters.

At the foot of the mountain, there was a huge saber and a skeleton guarding it. At the top, there were other monsters as well. They were different.

Big Saber Skeleton!

Shield Skeleton!

Skeleton spear!

Skeleton Sacrifice!

Skeleton cavalry!

Skeleton Hunter!

…

All the way up!

There were countless Skeletal Monsters, and there were many different types of soldiers. Among them, there were all kinds of small Bosses, such as Shield Skeleton Captain, Skeleton Knight, Skeleton High Priest, and so on!

These.

Originally, there was no such thing in the Instance Dungeon. However, because it was the Abyssal Difficulty, the normal monsters became Elite monsters, and the Elite monsters became small Bosses. It was a small difficulty for players to warm up the big Bosses behind!

Yet.

Some of the monsters that the planners had painstakingly prepared, the arrangements that they had set up, the traps that they had set up… were completely useless against this unreasonable subordinate of Qin Sheng.

If you have thousands of techniques, I will destroy them with one strike!

That's right.

He was so unreasonable!

There were more than ten monsters scattered in the area. From the foot of the mountain to the middle of the mountain, excluding most of the time they had spent traveling, the total time of the real battle was less than half an hour!

Why was it so fast?

Because.

They were all f*cking One Wave Rush!

After luring the monster into a pile and activating the Holy Flame that dealt damage to it, the monster fell like wheat being cut. How could it not be fast?

"How comfortable!"

Fengxing, who had leveled up and his EXP bar had reached 30% again, squinted his eyes and snorted.

The experience of leveling up while lying down like a rocket was excellent!

"This… this is too surreal!"

The golden tulip, which had never come into contact with Qin Sheng before, was completely dumbstruck from the beginning until now. It had not recovered at all, especially when it saw the Silver-tier enhanced Boss. Qin Sheng's hands were complete bullsh * t, and he could not help but cover his mouth after enduring a few slashes. His slender and long white legs rubbed against each other unconsciously, and his face flushed.

"This man, this man, weeping souls, weeping souls…"

The golden tulip's beautiful eyes were fixed on the man riding the dreamy crystal beast. In the face of the five-meter-tall, hideous skeleton grand knight, the valiant figure that did not retreat even half a step, the man raised his sword and killed the enemy bandits. He was unstoppable and valiant like a legendary hero. Her heart was beating fast.

It was especially so for the MISS, -1, MISS, and -1 damage numbers that appeared above Qin Sheng's head. It was as if the situation had reversed. The Boss was like a pawn, and the players were like the Boss. It made Golden Tulip, the proud woman who usually did not bother with men, instantly become a fangirl.

"This really has nothing to do with us!" Yatu said with a bitter smile. "Although lying down is very comfortable, it gives me no sense of accomplishment!"

"Hehe, you men are so pretentious!" The Priest, Acid Orange, grinned and said, "We girls aren't so particular. It would be great if we don't fight! Anyway, I'm just a Priest. I'm used to lying down, hehe!"

Everyone:…

You're really a straightforward person!

Was he really that "happy"?

"Eh, wait, look, that Boss!"

The sharp-eyed Fengxing looked ahead and suddenly shouted, "F*ck, the Big Boss is finally here! Now, we can finally be of some use!"

————

< EMPTY >