Chapter 762: Big Saber, Skeleton, And Team Member Configuration

[Big Saber Skeleton (Enhanced One Star Elite)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 8000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 1,200

Skills: [Fury] [Heavy Cleave]

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: Skeletons with broadswords, monsters born from endless resentment, guarding the foot of Bai Gu mountain, there are many of them!

Very good!

This was his first time using Heaven's Eye, and its effects were outstanding!

The three question marks skills that could not be seen with the detection spell were all revealed now.

Not only that.

It added another weakness!

This way…

In the future, when he faced monsters, he would no longer need to search for information about them in battle. He would open his Heavenly Eye and understand everything!

"That's great!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very excited!

As the saying went, the unknown was the most terrifying!

Especially when fighting against a powerful unknown BOSS, they were not afraid of using real weapons. What they were most afraid of was the unknown treacherous ability that could easily cause them to fail.

For example, the Undead Lich and Long Yuan!

His methods were endless, and he would often be forced into desperate straits. When he thought that he would definitely die, he would casually reveal a trump card and immediately reverse Gan Kun’s situation. This was simply disgusting to the extreme.

In a battle, besides competing in true strength, one also needed strategy!

What did strategy require the most?

Naturally, it was information!

It could be said.

Most of the battles in the World of Destiny were information wars!

As long as they understood the information about the Boss, with the players' capabilities, even if they were far from it, they could still rely on their shameless fighting style (unlimited doping and unlimited revival) to slowly exhaust it to death!

"How detailed!"

As a top-tier player who was active at the front line every day, he was naturally extremely sensitive. He immediately discovered that the monster information that Qin Sheng shared on the team channel was very different from what they had detected!

"Skill manifestation? A weakness column?"

Everyone was confused.

"It's just a detection skill!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression did not change as he calmly explained.

Everyone:…

Just a detection skill?

Tsk!

What an understatement!

Damn it!

Old Versailles scoundrel!

“How?”

Qin Luo suppressed his impulse to go up and fight them head-on. He looked towards Sanguine Primrose and Ya Tu.

Other than him, the rest of the players were either from the Primrose Militia or Yatu's Pavilion!

These two guys had command.

‘ Of course.’

Whether or not he listened to this command was his own business.

After a series of unforeseen events, especially the ambush at the Furious Bears Ridge,

Qin Luo Sheng was no longer the same Little White who had just transmigrated over and had yet to escape the identity and thoughts of a loser from Earth. After experiencing so much, he had naturally matured.

He would not wag his tail and beg for pity or flattery, but at the very least, he understood the ways of the world!

He would not steal the limelight or stand out blindly!

And.

The necessary respect must be given!

If not for his unparalleled strength among the players and his ability to make countless people want to curry favor with him, how would he have the status he had today to make two big shots revolve around him?

Everything.

It was all because he had value!

The world is bustling with activity for profit; the world is bustling with activity for profit!

Benefits were the only thing that would never change!

Except.

Other than that, Qin Sheng also believed in the word 'love'!

There was no need for him to intentionally flatter the other party in order to earn the friendship between the Sanguine Primrose and Yatu. However, at the very least, he shouldn't treat the other party as if they were nothing. At the very least, he had to maintain the necessary friendship!

"…"

Watching Sanguine Primrose and Ya Tu discuss, Qin Sheng retracted his gaze and turned on the party system.

Before leaving, he wanted to see how his teammates were doing!

After all, this was an Abyss Mode dungeon. It was the strongest and the strangest. He had to come up with a plan first!

Captain: ID: Sanguine Rose, Class: Fire Magician, Level: 42!

Team member: ID: Yatu, Class: Shield Warrior, Level: LV41!

Team member: ID: Green hair, Class: Priest, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Wind Walk, Class: Archer, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Mu Mu, Class: Fire Mage, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Elegant Lotus, Class: Shield Warrior, Level: LV40!

Team member: ID: Acid Orange, Class: Priest, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Little Lily, Class: Wind Mage, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Golden Tulip, Class: Berserker, Level: 40!

Team member: ID: Weeping Soul, Class: Berserker, Level: LV48!

Two Shield Warriors, two Berserkers, two Priests, one Archer, and three Mages. Two of them had the most violent fire damage output, and one was a wind mage that could increase the power of fire magic!

Such a setup!

Very reasonable!

Excluding Qin Sheng, this accident did not count!

Two Shield Warriors, one main tank and one secondary tank. They could ensure that their aggro would not be pulled outwards and that they would be killed instantly by the Boss!

As for the two Priests, they could ensure the survival rate of the Guardian!

The rookie called Golden Tulip was a Berserker who could tank and fight. He was also a DPS and a temporary T player, just in case!

Fengxing, the Archer, naturally took the place of the Thief. His mission was to scout and lure monsters, and his damage output was not bad either!

The remaining three mages, needless to say, continued their violent output.

This dungeon was Boneyard, where the monsters came and went.

Even though the officials would not give too much information, they still released some basic information. As a high-level player, who did not know that attributes countered each other after wandering in the world of fate for so long?

So.

The mages wanted two Fire Demons, the elemental attribute that was most effective against monsters!

Besides.

Priests could also be considered mages, light mages!

In this way, there were four mages who could restrain the monsters in the dungeon. They simply did not give him a way out!

The remaining wind mages could control the field (blindness and cutting), help (strengthen the power of fire magic), and also attack. Perfect!

"As expected of a wily old fox. He knows everything with just a glance. This kind of equipment might not be the best, but at least it's the best among those who are familiar with it!"

Qin Luo sighed.

Apart from the golden tulip, everyone else present was someone he knew and had fought alongside him before!

He knew very well.

She was secretly taking care of his feelings!

After all.

Everyone knew that Weeping Soul Beast liked to be alone and did not like to interact with strangers!

"May I know what your opinion is?"

All of them were experts and had experienced the Wasteland Reclaimers countless times. There were only a few sets of moves and nothing new could be found. Furthermore, Yatu had come to ask for help and was naturally a head shorter than Sanguine Primrose. Naturally, he would not fight with her for the right to command.

After pretending to discuss for a while, he asked Qin Sheng.

"I'm used to fighting alone. Do as you see fit!"

Since he had given them a chance, Qin Sheng wouldn't stand on ceremony when they asked. He directly voiced his thoughts.

"Alright! Then let's admire your heroic spirit!"

Yatu said, half joking, half flattering.