Chapter 767: Skeleton Dark Priest

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 45 Gold Boss—Skeleton Griffin Knight. You have received 350W + EXP and 1,500 Reputation! '

Only 350,000 experience points?

Qin Luo Sheng pursed his lips. Looking at the 5% experience bar, he was somewhat displeased!

Level 48 to 49 required 7000W experience points. It was terrifying!

Besides.

This was still considered good!

The experience points algorithm of Fate Dimension would jump once every 10 levels.

Qin Luosheng had experienced this many times before.

This level 50 was another hurdle!

According to the system, from Level 49 to 50, it would increase from 7000W to 100 million!

"Wow, big bang, big bang!"

Mu Mu's eyes lit up as she looked at the sparkling lights on the ground. She danced around happily like a child.

Yes!

What could be better than the European King experience for a non-member?

Qin Luo Sheng's luck had already exploded. In addition to the 10% equipment drop rate brought about by the title of Viscount, the Abyss Mode drop rate had also increased. This was his first time entering the White Bone Mountain dungeon…

All these factors overlapped.

That was why there was such a rare and explosive scene!

The equipment and props waiting for ROLL almost filled up the screen in front of him. There were more than twenty pieces!

Eight pieces of equipment, six pieces of gold and two pieces of silver!

The quantity was high and the quality was high!

There was nothing to say!

The rest were crystal coins, spirit crystals, and Augmenting Gems.

There were six Augmenting Gems, and the fourth was the highest!

Lucky!

Even advanced strengthening stones were produced!

The drop rate of this thing was very low!

Qin Sheng did not care about the equipment allocation. He did not even take a glance at it and gave up on ROLL. There must be other teammates who could use it. He would just wait for the dividends!

As for the other materials, he confirmed ROLL without hesitation!

These were good things, and they would absolutely not give up!

Roll ended!

Qin Luo Sheng obtained three spirit crystals, a low-grade strengthening stone and a spirit crystal.

The Intermediate Strengthening Stone was taken by the Golden Tulip with 85 points, while the Advanced Strengthening Stone was obtained by Cyclops with 98 points!

Damn it!

I am the European King when I drop equipment. How did my luck become so bad?

Qin Luo Sheng expressed his envy!

High-grade Augmenting Gems!

He was really envious!

He didn't even have a single piece of stock. How poor!

Still.

Fortunately, this thing belonged to someone else and would be delivered to him soon!

After all.

The players in front of him wanted him to make a move and enhance their equipment by + 10!

Five sets of materials. Even if he was unlucky and failed three times before succeeding, he could at least earn two sets, right?

"Continue!"

Qin Sheng did not decline the dividends that he had received from the transaction. Although he was quite wealthy now, especially in terms of gold coins, it was a waste not to accept dividends. It was a joyous occasion, so he just took it.

His footsteps moved!

They headed towards the summit once again!

Ten minutes later.

Everyone finished off another wave of monsters.

This place was halfway up the mountain. The monster's level and grade had also reached the Level 45 Enhanced Three Star Elite level!

Qin Luo was as invincible as ever.

But Yatu and the others were having a hard time!

It was not strenuous at all, but the efficiency had clearly decreased!

After all, it was indeed not that easy to kill monsters of a higher level!

Leaving behind a group of people to clean up the battlefield, Qin Sheng stepped forward without hesitation and took the lead to scout ahead and find the monsters. He snatched away what was originally Fengxing's job mercilessly!

[Skeleton Dark Priest (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 47

Health: 4200000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 1000

Magic Attack: 65000

Physical Defense: 10,000

Magic Defense: 25,000

Speed: 8000

Skills: Dark Ray, Hell Inferno, Soul Pacifying Melody

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: Dark Priest, a follower of the dark sorcerers who worship the Death God. He has extremely strong mental strength. It is said that he can communicate with the Underworld and receive the blessing of the Death God. He temporarily possesses the power bestowed by the Death God.

Magic-type BOSS?

Qin Luo Sheng pondered.

In the past, he liked this type of existence the most.

Except.

Now that he had lost the Shadow Warrior and the treacherous skill, even if his speed was not slower than before, his confidence was still slightly weaker!

Still.

No matter what, it had to work!

When dealing with long-range magic jobs, as a Berserker, if he did not stick close to them and attack them relentlessly, did he have to widen the distance and fight them?

Even if you wanted to, you had to have the ability!

Even Qin Luo Sheng, at his peak, only had an attack range of slightly more than ten meters when he unleashed all his augmentation skills. He was far from a true long-range professional!

Swish…

With a move of his body, he released Qin Sheng from his riding state and dashed towards the Skeleton Dark Priest like a ghost. To deal with such a BOSS, one needed extreme agility and treacherous movement techniques. Although Bing Bing's speed was extremely fast, she was still large and could easily become a target. It was better to act on her own.

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Qin Sheng, who was already very fast, added four skills at an extremely fast speed. Under the enhancement of his skills, he was as fast as lightning!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

As a long-range mage, the Skeleton Dark Priest was not like the Skeleton Griffin Knight who waited for players to come to him or counterattack. Instead, he waved the staff in his hand and activated the innate ability of the Spell Cannon!

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

Qin Luo Sheng shouted softly. The [Sacred Dragon God Armor] on his body emitted a dazzling golden light. Energy surged and transformed into a dragon that merged into the surface of Qin Luo Sheng's body. It was as if it had come to life and was moving about indeterminately.

Boom boom boom…

A large number of energy bullets exploded and landed on Qin Sheng.

Unfortunately.

Under the protective shield formed by the Sacred Dragon's Protection, the damage of this extraordinarily high attack was reduced by 90%. There was no way it could cause serious damage to Qin Sheng.

They charged forward!

Qin Luo Sheng borrowed the damage reduction effect of his skill to forcefully withstand the attack of Skeleton's Dark Priest and charged at his face!

"Damn it, it's so painful to pretend!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a displeased look on his face. "If it weren't for the fact that I was trying to hide the abilities of a Spellblade, I would have f*cking casually used a Magical Flash or a Tank Slash to get close in an instant. How could I have been used as a target!"

Although he was unhappy,

But for the sake of forbearance, he had to bear the consequences himself!

Fortunately.

This was the only trip.

After that, there was no need for him to do so much for the solo clearing. He could do whatever he wanted!

"Slash!"

The Sacred Dragon Sword descended and the sharp edge of the sword slashed heavily against the skeleton's frail body.

-1,417,000!

The explosive damage easily took away 1.4 million health points from the Skeleton Dark Priest!

In the face of melee combat, Qin Sheng could even lazily train his ocean skills!

There was no need to be polite when dealing with long-range attacks!

His defense was weak, and his HP was low. What he got in return was a powerful attack with explosive lethality!

It was best to end the battle quickly!

So.

An additional Heart of Courage and Sacred Flame!

The Holy Flames, in particular, had all attributes increased and dealt four times the damage to dark creatures. It was terrifying!

"F*ck!"

After cleaning up the battlefield, the nine salted fish ran over and were instantly dumbfounded when they saw Qin Sheng's blow.

"What kind of damage is this?"