Chapter 766: Kill

"Be careful, this fellow is going to blow up!"

Qin Sheng, who was the closest to it, immediately realized that something was wrong.

After hurriedly shouting, he immediately moved to another location!

With the abilities of the Skeleton Griffin Knight, it could not do anything to him at all. Not to mention instakilling him, even if he could kill one-third of his Health Points in one hit, it would be considered his capability!

Still.

Qin Luo might not die, but he did not want to be a brute and take the attack head-on!

"Wild Impact!"

What was the most terrifying thing about cavalry?

It was about charging through the enemy lines!

The ancient cavalry were the strongest soldiers. To be precise, they were the strongest army!

The cavalry charged forward like a sharp knife stabbing straight into the heart!

The largest dynasty in the history of Earth—Yuan!

His predecessor was Mongolian, Genghis Khan. He relied on the strongest Mongolian cavalry to sweep through the world.

The griffin knights were also cavalry, and they were mutated cavalry. After all, he was riding a fantasy creature!

The Wild Charge was full of power. Its speed was at least three times faster than the normal speed of the Skeleton Griffin Knight!

A shadow flashed past!

On that straight line, Qin Sheng saw a deep ravine that had been dug out!

Too powerful!

Fortunately.

With the warning earlier, the bunch of wily old foxes had already run away cleanly. In addition, the griffin skeleton's aggro was on Qin Luo Sheng. The target of the skill Charge was also him. As long as he did not stand in a straight line behind him, he would be fine!

Da da da…

Bing Bing quickly chased after him, her hooves making crisp sounds on the ground.

“Attack!”

Yatu shouted as he raised his shield and charged forward.

The Boss' skills were indeed very strong, especially for players with weak health points. Even the Guardian with the strongest defense and thickest health could be killed instantly.

Still.

There were two sides to everything.

It was true that the skills were powerful and the damage was high. However, the prolonged physical stalemate after the incident and the fact that it was very difficult to continuously explode had also caused the Boss to have a huge flaw. It was even a fatal flaw for a hacker like Qin Sheng!

This…

With a full-strength charge, not only did the skeleton griffin knight fail to catch anything, but it even sank into itself. Its entire body was stiff and it could not move. It had become a live target!

"Slash!"

I'll take your life while you're sick!

Qin Luo's firepower was fully unleashed.

Demon Sword Technique, coupled with the conversion of magic energy, increased the damage and endless attacks!

Three seconds later.

The stun effect of the griffin had ended, but Qin Luo had also taken away a lot of its health points!

"Roar…"

The enraged griffin let out a wild roar. With a flap of its huge wings, a strong gust of wind caused the group of people other than Qin Sheng to stagger. They could not help but retreat, not daring to get too close for fear of being blown over.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The griffin flew in the air and looked down at Qin Sheng and the others. At the same time, it opened its mouth wide and spat out a mouthful of "thick phlegm". The extremely corrosive acid rain corroded the floor until it produced green smoke.

"Are we playing air combat?"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly. The Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon hidden beneath his cloak suddenly flicked out, opening up to a width of three meters. It was filled with the domineering might of the dragon race.

Swish…

An air-piercing sound rang out.

Qin Luo rose from the ground and charged towards the skeletal griffin knight while wielding the Sacred Dragon Sword.

The acid rain of the griffins was far inferior to the dragon's breath and the flames of the Chimera, which were also fantasy creatures, but it had its unique characteristics. Even though the damage was very low, it was not something that players at the current stage of the game could resist. Even if they could rely on Priests and drugs to withstand it, the immense pain of corrosion still existed, and they could only resist it!

"Slash, slash, slash…"

The characteristics of the Wings of the Flying Dragon could not only allow Qin Sheng to swim in the air like a fish in water, it could even cancel out air resistance. Its flexibility was also enhanced, and the combat strength and adaptability it could display was even more ferocious than standing on the ground!

Instantly.

The Skeleton Griffin Knight was in trouble!

He had completely become a target in the air, and had been attacked from all directions by Qin Sheng. He could not even block a single blow!

20%!

15%!

10%!

Within a few seconds, the remaining health points of the Skeleton Griffin Knight were reduced to 10%!

“Spear curtain!”

In a situation where his life was threatened, the spear-wielding knight waved his hands, making the long spear in his hands seem powerful, forming an endless curtain of spears. It was like the spikes of a hedgehog on a turtle's shell, making Qin Sheng not dare to approach and not know where to start!

He was an AI after all. Even though he did not have any willpower, his combat instincts and combat intelligence were not bad!

Knowing that Qin Luo's aerial battle was very strong, the Skeleton Griffin Knight decisively gave up on his self-righteous air superiority and landed on the ground.

"Run!"

Qin Luo hurriedly called out when he saw Jatu and the others surrounding it because the griffin knights had landed on the ground.

Actually.

There was no need for Qin Sheng to shout.

Ya Tu and the others had noticed that the situation wasn't looking good, so they forcefully halted their footsteps and retreated at an even faster speed!

“Earthquake Wave!”

Under the control of the knight, the griffin raised its front hooves high up before slamming down heavily!

In an instant.

A terrifying fluctuation spread out.

Not only did the ground shake, even the ground started to crack as if it was about to collapse.

Clap clap clap clap clap clap…

Not only did the powerful energy ripple cause the ground to crack, but the shattered rocks and bones on the ground were also reduced to dust by the violent energy ripple.

"Body Strengthening!"

"Defense Amplification!"

“Second Order Shield Wall!”

Yatu and Elegant Lotus, who were extremely slow, were too close to the front and could not outrun the skills. Helpless, they could only use three skills consecutively. They used all the best defensive moves of the Level 2 Shield Warrior that they had learned after changing jobs to resist the Boss' attacks!

"Healing Spell!"

"Heal!"

Fortunately.

The two Priests at the back did not move and their skills could not affect them. Hence, without hesitation, they waved their Priests Staff and healed the two stupid Guardians!

"Hunting Tiger!"

Qin Luo Sheng suppressed the urge to use "Magic Flash" and "Sword Thrust Slash" and activated "Sky Martial" 's supplementary skill, Hunting Tiger. In an instant, the phantom image of the divine tiger appeared and let out an extremely intimidating roar in the air. It knocked out the Skeleton Griffin Knight who was currently releasing "Earthquake Wave" and caused him to enter a state of fear for five seconds.

Seizing this opportunity!

Qin Luo Sheng waved his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and descended rapidly from the sky. The [Sacred Dragon Sword] in his hand slashed continuously!

With a control duration of up to five seconds and a high-intensity attack rhythm, the remaining 10% of the Skeleton Griffin Knight's health points were simply unstoppable. It was so aggrieved as it was being slashed under Qin Sheng's sword!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 45 Gold Boss—Skeleton Griffin Knight. You have received 350W + EXP and 1,500 Reputation! '