Chapter 768: Boneyard, Endless Corpses

"This… This is a Boss! An Enhanced Gold Boss! Even if it's a magic-type Boss, its defense is very low, but isn't the damage too exaggerated? With one slash, its health bar directly decreased by one-third? And this is even an A-level!"

Feng Xingtian’s tone was strange, his face even distorting. He was clearly shocked!

"This—monster!"

Yatu and Sanguine Primrose looked at each other. Both of them could see the shock and unease in each other's eyes, and their hearts were in turmoil.

In the recent incident at the Furious Bears Mountain Range, they learned from the conversation between the Weeping Soul Beast and the assassination dragons that the Weeping Soul Beast was about to face a great battle called the Battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform.

It was because of this battle that the dragon race planned the assassination and wanted to end it early!

Except.

This plan ended with both sides suffering.

The dragon race had failed, and Sobbing Spirits had not won.

All members of the Dragon race were either killed or captured. It was a tragic one!

As for Weeping Soul Beast?

On Furious Bears Ridge, he was tortured and killed hundreds of times. His equipment was almost exposed!

Level: 0, Equipment: 0!

He instantly fell from heaven to a whisper!

Yet.

But Weeping Soul had won.

He won the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform three days later.

This was not a loss at all!

This legendary man once again stirred up a storm!

As for why they were so certain of victory?

Wasn't that f*cking nonsense?

If he lost, would he be able to jump to level 48?

He had thought that the blow from the Furious Bears Ridge would not only cause Weeping Soul Beast to be unable to recover from the setback, but it would also cause it to suffer a great loss in strength. It would take it some time before it could recover!

But what did they see now?

It was true that he had lost a bunch of Epic equipment, but in the blink of an eye, he had obtained a set of Legendary Enhancement + 10 sets. He was almost blinded!

Not only did his equipment upgrade, but his combat power was also not bad. Instead, it became even more terrifying!

A normal A-level skill had actually cut off one-third of the HP of a Level 47 Gold Boss!

Was he even human?

…

"Dark Ray!"

Qin Luo Sheng was completely unaware that he had already tried his best to restrain his strength and not reveal his strength, or that he had caused everyone to be flabbergasted and unable to accept it. At this moment, after he had heavily injured the Skeleton Darkness Priest with two strikes, that fellow had finally flipped out!

Qin Luo's third strike missed.

Then, he immediately used Blink to widen the distance between them.

In the end, he switched from defense to offense. A dark ray with a powerful penetrative property suddenly shot towards Qin Sheng's chest!

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

A golden dragon soul burst forth from Qin Luo Sheng's body once again. Relying on the characteristics of his skill, he easily eliminated the dark beam.

Then.

He charged forward and attacked again!

“Hell’s Inferno!”

In the face of the menacing Qin Sheng, the skeleton Dark Priest, whose health points had dropped by more than two-thirds, was not polite at all. Energy exploded, and an extremely ominous green flame spread out instantly, sealing his path forward!

"Trying to stall for time? Dream on!"

Qin Luo stopped in his tracks and looked at the green fire in front of him that had a special effect. He then looked at the Dark Priest, who was currently recovering from his injuries. His body shook, and the Wings of the Rain-Dragon suddenly shot out from his back.

He flew into the sky and crossed the sea of fire!

Qin Luo Sheng descended from the sky with a golden sword in hand!

"Ah…"

With his life threatened, the Skeleton Dark Priest also broke through the shackles set by the system (his health points did not drop to 10%) and instantly activated his third skill—Requiem!

The sharp cry was like the roar of a wild beast. It was not worthy of the three words "Requiem Song"!

Yet.

The effect was outstanding!

"Ding… You have been affected by the Soul Pacifying Melody. You have been in a dream state for 10 seconds. All attributes have decreased by 20%. You have also suffered damage. Health Points -28,440 points!"

"Ding… Due to the influence of [Courage], you are no longer under the control of the spiritual type. The dream state is ineffective!"

F*ck!

He had some skill!

As expected of an Abyss Mode Enhanced Boss, this trump card skill was extraordinary!

Ten seconds of control, all attributes reduced by one-fifth, and damage!

Control, weaken, and damage all over!

It was a divine skill!

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo, this big shot!

Don't compare your X-ray vision to the lock!

He was asking to be humiliated!

One strike!

It easily cut through the skull of the Dark Priest!

Weakness Damage + Critical Hit Damage!

Instantly.

The Dark Priest, who had less than one-third of his health left, died!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 47 Skeleton Dark Priest. EXP gained: 5,200W + Reputation: 3,000! '

Killing Bighead Kingpin alone, coupled with the fact that his level was close, there was only a difference of one level. The Skeleton Dark Priest gave an additional 170W experience points compared to the Skeleton Griffin Knight. Awesome!

Six pieces of equipment, a pile of miscellaneous items, and a skill book!

All the equipment was used by Mages and Priests. Give up!

He did not let go of any miscellaneous items and rolled them out. However, he was unlucky this time and only obtained a low-level Augmenting Gem. He did not even have any Spirit Crystals. Tch!

The Skill Book belonged to the Magician, give up!

"What a loss!"

Qin Luo put on a long face. "What else do I have other than experience points? I'm working for nothing!"

Even Qin Sheng, who had received a bunch of dividends from a group of girls who were smiling like flowers, was not happy.

These.

But all of them were his!

"Hai, forget it!"

Sighing silently, Qin Sheng turned around and continued heading towards the top of the White Bones Mountain. "Who told me to fall into a wolf's den after being found in the real world? I've been held hostage and have something to use against me! If I'm working for nothing, then I'm working for nothing. Using this, along with the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, to numb that Sanguine Primrose, isn't too bad either! Furthermore, this woman has also paid quite a bit. At the very least, she has helped me solve many problems and blocked quite a bit of trouble!"

Qin Qin Sheng understood this very well!

If he didn't want to live under someone else's roof and didn't want to be a boot-licker in the eyes of others, he had to endure it!

A little impatience will spoil great plans!

Actually.

With the help of Du Qiangwei’s power, he was instead able to live in peace and develop, and he didn’t have to be on tenterhooks every single day and be afraid of others discovering his identity, causing a series of troubles!

For that.

It was worth it to sacrifice a little bit of time and benefits!

However…

Qin Sheng, who had always been used to freedom, found it difficult to accept restrictions.

"Du Qiangwei, just you wait. Soon, you'll regret everything you've done!"

Qin Qin Sheng buried his temper like an old cow and carried on with the book without stopping.

Half an hour later.

A group of Guardian monsters, together with the Level 49 strengthened Skeleton Dragon, were slashed by Qin Sheng.

They climbed for ten minutes.

Finally.

It had been almost three hours since Qin Luo Sheng's group had ascended the White Bone Mountain!

The entire Bai Gu mountain was filled with white bones just like its name!

The summit was even more so.

As far as the eye could see, the white bones were boundless and the corpses were endless. The cold wind was so cold that it caused one's face to hurt. A whimpering sound came from somewhere, causing the girls in the team to shiver in fear.