Chapter 769: Skeleton Blood Emperor

Bones as a forest, human skin as a blanket!

This was a description of the Lion Hump Country that was extinct in the human world!

Although this White Bone Mountain was far apart, there were more bones everywhere than in the Lion Hump Country. Or rather, besides the bones, there was basically nothing else.

At the foot of the mountain, although there were many bones, there were still rocks and soil.

Except.

The higher they went, the larger the proportion of bones!

Especially here, the mountaintop was full of bones!

The girls were naturally timid and trembling with fear. It was understandable, especially in the Abyss Mode. Everything was too real. Even the system panel did not allow any adjustments. In addition, there was a sinister wind blowing, and even a man would be intimidated.

Qin Luo was fine.

Not only was he not afraid, but he was also very interested.

How could the world he had seen be compared to others?

The Beginner's Village had experienced the real battlefield under the Abyss Mode. Entering the Snake Cave, facing tens of thousands of poisonous snakes and mutated snake girls, crystal coffins, burial grounds, ancient demon beast Jiu Ying…

All sorts of things!

After that, they went through the treacherous and strange Moonlight Temple, the mysterious and magnificent Ice Snow Temple, the Dragon Island Dragon City of the Oversea Immortal Island, and the Furious Bears Ridge. They faced more than ten dragons, and on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, they fought to the death with the black dragon that was 300 meters long…

These.

Which one of them didn't cause one's adrenaline to surge?

After experiencing too much, he would have greater endurance!

God, dragon, demon, ghost…

He had faced everything, what was a mere Bai Gu mountain?

"Everyone, be careful!"

Yatu shouted, "It seems like there aren't any monsters here. However, the BOSS must be somewhere. Don't act on your own. Otherwise, you'll be unlucky if you get killed instantly!"

Without needing Yatu to say anything, everyone followed the rules!

Except—

Qin Sheng!

“Heaven Eyes!”

Qin Sheng activated his Heavenly Eye and ignored his teammates who were 'warming up' behind him. He surrounded his teammates who were moving slowly like metal buckets and walked around by themselves.

Under the Heavenly Eye, nothing could hide from it!

However…

Qin Luo Sheng still had not found the boss that should be guarding this place!

They walked all the way to the center of the mountain peak.

An old platform caught Qin Luo's attention.

Under a sea of white bones, this altar-like bronze platform that suddenly appeared felt strange no matter how one looked at it!

"Stay here and don't move. Prepare to escape at any moment. I'll go up and take a look!"

Qin Luo unfurled his wings and flew up, landing on the platform.

The platform was rather wide and stretched as far as the eye could see. There was only a demonic red bead floating in the middle, and illusionary blood-colored energy phantoms appeared around it.

"Blood Demon Pearl:???"

With his Heaven's Eye, apart from seeing the name of the red bead, he did not know anything else.

"Touched?"

Such an obvious item was not unfamiliar to a loser who had played countless games.

Qin Luo Sheng was just about to reach out his hand to activate the mechanism and make the final boss appear. However, just as he was about to touch it, he suddenly retracted his hand like lightning!

"I almost forgot. This is not a traditional game. If you click on the mouse, it will either trigger or play a dialog box for you to play."

Qin Luo Sheng took two steps back with a lingering fear in his heart. Looking at the extremely demonic Blood Demon Pearl that was so demonic that it sent chills down one's spine, he drew out the Sacred Dragon Sword and slashed out.

"This is a f*cking fantasy world. I can't use common sense to describe it. It's better to be safe than sorry. There are too many strange creatures here. What if this is a trap? I'll be walking right into it!"

Clang!

The crisp sound of metal colliding resounded.

The Blood Magic Bead, which looked like an ordinary glass bead, actually resisted the sharp edge of the Sacred Dragon Sword.

"Who is disturbing my slumber!"

The sword finally triggered a certain mechanism.

In an instant.

The entire altar began to shake. The Blood Demon Pearl also began to tremble violently, emitting a buzzing sound. The blood-colored energy illusion that was originally gently floating suddenly expanded. Not only did it create a huge shockwave, but it also spread all the way to the bronze altar below, activating the mysterious seal.

"The Boss is coming out!"

Qin Luo did not dare to stay any longer in such a strange situation. He hurriedly flapped his Wings of the Rain Dragon to escape.

"Disperse a little and move further away!"

Qin Sheng frowned when he saw that Jatu and the others still wanted to run up and ask Qin Luo about it. He could not help but shout, "Those who can find cover can find cover. Don't blame me if you get caught in the blast!"

The moment he said that, the ground shook!

"It's here!"

An extremely formidable aura descended. Qin Sheng squinted his eyes and saw the bronze sacrificial altar emit cracking sounds, and it was like a shattered mirror that was cracking without end.

The next moment.

The bronze altar exploded.

An incomparably terrifying blood-colored figure appeared before Qin Sheng!

He was ten meters tall and his entire body was blood red. He held two huge steel forks in his hands and was dressed in heavy armor. There was a cape fluttering behind him and a crown on his head. His eyes were burning with golden flames!

Heavenly Eye!

[Skeleton Blood Emperor (Enhanced Epic Boss)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 120,000,000

Mana: 50,000,000

Physical Attack: 150,000

Magic Attack: 85000

Physical Defense: 65,000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 13,500

Skills: [Sweeping the Eight Desolates] [Destructive Ray] [Soul Blaze]

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: The Skeleton Blood Emperor was born on the White Bone Mountain. He absorbed countless bones and refined them to form his original body. He devoured endless blood and qi. He used the flesh and blood of thousands of living beings as his source. He supplemented it with the Intrinsic Spiritual Treasure, the Blood Demon Pearl. He became the Blood Emperor and was known as the Skeleton Emperor. He commanded the White Bone Mountain for thousands of miles and was the overlord of a generation.

Level 50 strengthened Epic BOSS?

He shared the information of the Boss with his Heavenly Eye in the team channel, and there were a few gasps!

Everyone who originally had some thoughts looked at each other and gave up!

It was too difficult!

Even the highest level player, Sanguine Primrose, was only level 43. Facing a boss that was seven levels higher than her, and an Ancient grade one at that, she was in complete despair!

The other Level 41 and Level 42 teammates were even more so.

The level suppression in Fate Dimension was extremely terrifying, especially between Bosses and players. This suppression would appear to be much stronger!

"Give me an enhancement status and you can do whatever you want!"

Qin Qin Sheng really wanted these guys to leave so he could fight them alone.

Except.

In the end, he did not say it out loud.

These guys were not simple. They were either second-generation or strong. In the past, it did not matter. If they offended him, so be it. If they did not like it, they could just scram. But now, the situation was different. They had to maintain their arrogance. Otherwise, others would think that they were easy to bully. However, they had to show some respect!

In any case, they were all wily old foxes. Whether they could do it or not, they knew in their hearts that they wouldn't act recklessly!

Ding… Player black hair…