Chapter 763: One Sword Million? Terrifying And Outrageous Damage!

"Alright! Then let's admire your heroic spirit!"

Everyone present had worked together with Qin Sheng before, especially Sanguine Rose and the others who had come out with the golden tulip. The others had all seen Qin Sheng's violent fighting style in the Moon Temple, so they naturally had no objections.

"Although there is a limit to the number of instance dungeons, there are so many instance dungeons that I have never entered before. I still want to get the first clear and obtain the reward!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the crowd and said, "So, end the battle quickly and don't waste time. It's fine if you want to fight, but don't affect me!"

These words were extremely impolite.

However, no one present showed any displeasure. Even the most outgoing Mu Mu remained silent!

"Since that's the case, I'll go!"

Qin Luo Sheng took in everyone's expressions. Even though he did not care about these things, being trusted still comforted him.

Swoosh!

To deal with a mere Level 40 one-star Enhanced Elite monster, with Qin Sheng's current Level 48 and a set of Legendary Enhancement + 10 equipment, was there even a need to f*cking ask?

1.2 million health points were like thin paper in his hands!

One strike triggered a critical hit!

-987000!

Explosive damage exploded and a bright yellow damage number appeared, stunning Sanguine Primrose and the rest who were following behind!

Just short of 13,000 points to break 1,000,000?

What kind of damage was this?

If he did not see wrongly, it seemed like he did not use any ability just now, but a flat A!

Your sister!

A-level damage of a million points?

Am I dreaming or is this world crazy?

"This damage is ridiculous!"

Not only did his teammates not believe him, even Luo Sheng himself was shocked.

Even though he knew that his strength had greatly increased, he did not expect it to explode to such an extent.

Actually.

Logically speaking, after being cursed by Long Yuan, his strength had been greatly weakened.

After all.

The original four basic attributes had been reduced to 0. Even though most of the original attributes were raised by equipment, there were still quite a number of attributes that belonged to the user. At least 2,300 points were gone!

Unexpectedly!

After the terrifying enhancement of the Divine Dragon Set, it had returned to 70-80%!

Now.

The reason why the damage dealt to the broadsword skeleton was so terrifying was not only because of its powerful attack power, but also because of its ability to restrain darkness!

Among them, the two most representative items were the Death God's Embrace and the Life Prayer. They were Dark Enemies!

Moreover…

The special effect that was triggered from the previous attack was the penetration effect of the Sacred Dragon Sword, which ignored defense!

Unfortunately.

He was using the Holy Dragon Sword, so it wasn't very suitable to use it here. If he used the Blood Demon Sword, he would be invincible!

The [Blood Demon Sword] was bestowed with the ability of the [Rahu God Slayer] after it was empowered by the Star Spirits. Ah, Rahu, the legendary first demon, known as the Fiend Ancestor, was the creator of the Demon Race. Using it as an ability bestowed by the Origin Star, it could suppress light, retreat, and suppress darkness. It was the bane of light and darkness!

The effect was absolutely terrifying!

Apart from the light element, what was the effect on the dark element?

First, it directly reduced all attributes by 30%, and then 500% damage bonus!

Seriously!

Unfortunately.

Ever since he snatched the [Blood Demon Sword] from the Boss, Li Zhan had overdrafted the energy of the [Blood Demon Sword], causing it to be in a state of nourishment and unable to be used!

Still.

It didn't matter anymore!

+ 10 [Sacred Dragon Sword] was enough!

Two strikes!

Just two strikes!

This was an Enhanced Elite monster that had been enhanced because of the Abyss Mode. Its Health Points were as high as 1.2 million. It died instantly!

Besides.

The damage from the two strikes was almost 700,000 points!

It was extremely terrifying!

"Too slow!"

Qin Sheng frowned and said unhappily, "There should be about 500 large saber skeletons at the foot of this mountain. How much time will we have to waste if we continue fighting like this?"

Everyone: "???”

Damn!

Are you f * * king speaking human language?

Killing a monster in two strikes!

One second!

With this speed, how can you say that it's too slow?

If we were to attack, even if the nine of us were to attack together, it would take at least half a minute. Moreover, we would have to attack with full damage!

Comparisons were odious!

He was from a completely different world from this guy!

"I'm going, be careful!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored everyone's strange and sorrowful gazes and summoned Xiao Xiao and Bing Bing. With a stride, he mounted the horse and rode on Bing Bing, patting her head gently. The intelligent Bing Bing understood and spread her Qilin legs to start running.

"Gaze of Death!"

The dragon's might was gone, but the [Death God's Embrace] was still there. Even though the [Death God's Gaze] only targeted the darkness attribute and had great restrictions, the effect was really strong.

This…

It forcefully weakened all attributes by 20%, displaying a terrifying effect!

As Bing Bing ran at lightning speed, she shuttled around the densely-packed skeleton blades. Whether it was because of the aggro attracted at close range or because of the [Death God's Gaze], she slowly walked over.

Anyway.

Qin Qin Sheng's goal was achieved!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless fireballs and light bullets continuously sprayed out and struck the mass of skeletons.

There was no need to aim at all. It was hard not to hit the monsters in the dense crowd!

Qin Luo did not attack.

This was a small attack!

He could not focus on two things at once. If he ran and attacked at the same time, he could do it. However, if he was distracted, it would be very tiring!

Fortunately.

As the inheritor of the Qilin bloodline, Bing Bing was extremely intelligent. She did not need Qin Sheng's guidance at all and could also complete the mission perfectly.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng still did not attack.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, but that he was powerless.

After being cursed by Dragon Abyss, one of the skills that disappeared was Sword Aura. This was his only conventional long-range attack skill!

He also had other long-range attacks, but the cooldown time was quite long, which did not match the current situation.

‘ Of course.’

Demon Sword Warrior was fine too. After all, it was a dual-cultivation of magic and martial arts. Not to mention the exclusive professional skills, even if he chose an elemental attribute (water element), he would be able to unleash more abilities than normal water element mages.

After all.

Demon Sword Warrior was a hidden job. Whether it was in terms of attributes or skills, they were much stronger than normal water-type mages.

Moreover…

There was also the Water Vein Spirit Pearl that the Naga God had blessed, as well as the [Ice Spirit Ring] that had an extremely powerful amplification effect on water-type mages. Even without a weapon that had magical attacks, just the strength of the attributes and the damage effect of the skills alone would be able to display a strong combat power.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng had already decided before entering the dungeon that he would not expose the hidden class of the Demon Sword Warrior.

The more trump cards he had!

The more mysterious he was!

The more evil people would not dare to act rashly!

Aixuan was a fool. It was wise to keep a low profile!

So.

He had recorded a video of the battle between Long Yuan and the Terrifying Dragon Platform that could allow him to become a god in one fell swoop, or the battle between Long Yuan and the Terrifying Dragon Platform that was even more stable. However, he did not release it as he usually did. While earning money, he also earned the reputation of sizing up people, and he obtained countless fans!

Instead!

He had to endure silently and put himself in a dark place!