Chapter 765: Skeleton Griffin Knight

[Skeleton Griffin Knight (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 45

Health Points: 5800000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 42000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 25,000

Magic Defense: 18,000

Speed: 9500

Skills: [Wild Impact] [Blade Aura Executioner] [Earthquake Wave]

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: Griffin Knight, a special type of soldier. Originally, he was the ace of the human race. He was both a knight and an air force. Since young, he had signed a contract with the little griffin to nurture his bond. He became one with his pet and became one with the griffin. Whether it was on the ground or in the air, he could display extremely high combat power.

Griffin?

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed.

This was a legendary creature from the West, similar to the combination of a bird and a lion.

Just like the East, the West advocated lions.

There was an idiom: "Like adding wings to a tiger!"

Qin Sheng did not know if there was a similar language in the West, but his fantasy was real. The griffin was a lion with wings!

The tiger was the king of the forest!

The lion was the king of the plains!

They were all carnivorous beasts with extremely strong combat strength!

If such a wild beast was given wings, would other wild beasts survive?

Fortunately.

Such anomalies were not allowed in the biological chain!

Still.

It was not possible in reality, but it was not a big deal in a virtual world!

This…

A seemingly violent and elegant ruffian legend existed, and it was even equipped with a “Manipulator” Gryphon. It was merely a small BOSS!

A Level 45 Gold Boss?

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but sneer.

He was used to fighting Epic and Legendary Bosses. He was not too interested in such trashy Bosses.

Especially after the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform with the Dragon Abyss, his horizons had been greatly improved!

"Brother Weeping Soul, how do we fight?"

Yatu and the others couldn’t help but turn solemn when they saw the mighty and ferocious skeleton Griffin Knight.

That was true!

Even though they had just exterminated more than ten nests of monsters and there were many small BOSSES mixed in, the huge amount of experience had allowed them to level up.

Except.

After all, the Skeleton Griffin Knights were two to four levels above them. They were also fierce characters who could fly. They were indeed very difficult to deal with!

"If you want to move around, do it. If you don't, watch me fight!"

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to tell them not to cause trouble, but he swallowed the words he was about to say.

Now.

He could not speak like before.

Even if he did not want to be a grandson, he could not offend others easily!

This was not cowardice, but being a human!

"Sure!"

Hearing Qin Sheng's words, Yatu was a little surprised. He gave him a meaningful look and then agreed.

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Magic conversion!"

When he activated the magic sword, he could not use conventional attacking skills. Instead, the damage was increased to 120%, and the damage changed from pure physical damage to double physical magic damage.

equivalent.

He chose the best!

If the target took physical damage, then the damage would automatically become physical damage!

If the target ate magic damage, then the damage would automatically become magic damage!

As for Mana conversion…

Qin Luo Sheng had chosen the effect. In other words, he had temporarily overlapped his magic attack with his physical attack. It was equivalent to his current magic attack being 0 and superimposed on his physical attack!

"Gaze of Death!"

It was merely a Level 45 Gold-tier Boss. Qin Sheng could not be bothered to keep his trump card to deal a fatal blow. It had made the battle so difficult. Wouldn't it be better to reduce all its attributes and weaken its defense so that its damage would be higher?

-1160000!

20% reduction. In the blink of an eye, the Skeleton Griffin Knight lost over a million health points!

At the same time.

Being ambushed also woke this fellow up!

"Roar…"

The knight remained silent, holding a long spear. The originally empty eye sockets of the skeleton suddenly burned with two balls of blood-red flames, like the eyes of a demon!

On the other hand, the skeleton griffin below him opened its mouth and let out a roar that was like the roar of a lion, and it was filled with a great deterrent force!

"Bing Bing, let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng patted the ice on his head. Understanding his intentions, he strode forward with his qilin legs.

Without the Violent Blood Art and the Roaming Snake Movement Technique, Qin Sheng was not really used to it. For example, the more supplementary augmentation skills he had, the better. However, they were too rare and hard to find.

Fortunately.

With his current ability, he did not need to go all out against a small BOSS. He had Sky Wolf in terms of attack power and Leopard Rush in terms of speed. That was enough!

-4,84000!

Close to 500,000 damage, not bad!

After all.

This was just an augmentation of a Heavenly Wolf!

"Roar…"

This time, not only the griffin, but even the knight roared.

Although it had already turned into a skeleton, Qin Sheng's attack did not contain any fire, light or life elements, causing them no pain, this preemptive attack was a complete provocation. They could not tolerate it!

Swoosh…

A stream of black sword qi gushed out along the knight's spear and shot towards Qin Sheng at extreme speed.

"F*ck, using a skill right from the start?"

Under his Heaven's Eyes, nothing could hide from him.

Qin Sheng had already seen the three Skills of the Griffin Knight.

Except.

Who would have thought that this guy would be so immoral and open up so suddenly? Did he f*cking know how to play?

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo Sheng was riding on ice at close range, so he was naturally not in a hurry to shift. However, ordinary teleportation would not work. Teleportation was different.

Using the Time Scroll, the only skill left behind by the Shadow Warrior, Shadow Escape, was immediately put to use. His body moved, and he disappeared from where he was, easily avoiding the Skeleton Griffin Knight's Blade Aura Executioner!

"Ding! Player Green Silk will bless you with Light Blessing. All your attributes will increase by 20%!"

Ding! Player "Wind Walker" gave you Eagle Eye. Your Focus + 5, Critical Strike + 5%!

Ding…

Countless rays of light shone on Qin Sheng. His teammate's augmentation skill had arrived!

"Roar!"

"Berserk!"

Upon seeing this, Qin Qin Sheng joined in as well.

The two buff skills of the Berserker had increased his attributes and abilities!

At the same time.

While Mumu and the other two mages were attacking the Skeleton Griffin Knight, dense firework blossomed on its body, and the damage caused by the weakness element caused it pain, it charged forward again with sword in hand.

A powerful attack, without a doubt, firmly grasping the aggro!

At this moment.

Even Jatu and Tantu Suhe, two Shield Specialists, were unable to transfer the hatred away from Qin Luo Sheng! (Taunt was ineffective against the Boss)

The damage output was terrifying. Coupled with the insane damage output of his teammates, especially the idling Green Silk and Acid Orange, the healing spells of the two Light Priests landed on the griffin knights, dealing even more damage than the fire spells of Mumu and Sanguine Primrose. Furthermore, the light burned the darkness, causing the griffin to howl in pain.

"Be careful, this fellow is going to blow up!"

His Health Points dropped rapidly, and he soon reached the 30% mark. The Skeleton Griffin Knight, who had endured for a long time, finally could not take it anymore. He rode the Griffin, and with a flash of black light, he began to accumulate power.