Chapter 760: It'S Too Late

Level 40 dungeon.

Bai Gu mountain.

This was an ancient battlefield. Due to the agglomeration of grievous energy, the soldiers who had been sacrificed here gradually mutated. The corpses that had already turned into bones stood up once again. They wielded sabers and became skeletal demons!

The entrance to Bai Gu mountain was naturally the foot of the mountain.

According to official information, the final big boss was at the peak of the mountain!

However…

Those who were able to reach Level 40 were all big shots among big shots. They were definitely top-tier players.

Which one of these existences wasn’t a renowned and wealthy existence?

‘ Of course.’

Nothing was absolute.

There were also some 'poor people' who relied on luck and perseverance to advance into the S-list.

Some of them were low-key and unknown.

Some of them were extremely high-profile. They immediately released videos and simple strategies for the official Instance Dungeon [White Bone Mountain] in order to attract some popularity and earn some money.

New students, especially those that were closely related to him, naturally received a lot of attention and were extremely popular.

Qin Luo Sheng found this information immediately!

After spending the so-called "video unlocking fee", Qin Sheng pulled up the video and watched it once. Strictly speaking, he did not watch it at all. He only watched the Boss battle!

Unfortunately.

The person who posted the video chose the normal mode!

There were only two bosses!

And they were all extremely weak!

There was no reference value.

After all.

In Abyss Mode, they had to kill until the end. The Bosses in front of them had also been strengthened. They were much stronger than normal, difficult, and even nightmare difficulty!

‘ Of course.’

After spending money, it was not as if he had gained nothing.

At least.

He could still clearly see the route and layout of the map.

He had some gains.

"Remember what you promised me!"

Qin Luo was immersed in his research, but the others did not. After entering the dungeon, Sanguine Primrose looked at Yatu with a straight face and said, "If you have time, let's meet at a place tomorrow and finalize the agreement! Today's dungeon will be the place where our cooperation officially begins!"

"Alright!"

Yatu glanced at Qin Sheng with a complicated expression and nodded in agreement.

"Since that's the case, let's not waste any more time!"

Sanguine Primrose's line of sight swept across Mu Mu and Qing Zi's faces. Her expression was the same as ever, but for some reason, the two girls felt a little unhappy. It was as though they were surrounded by some malicious intent and were being targeted.

"Weeping Soul Beast…”

After looking around, his gaze finally landed on Qin Luo, the absolute protagonist of today. Sanguine Rose called out a few times, pulling him back to reality. Seeing Qin Luo's puzzled and confused gaze, he asked, "Let's begin!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng was almost done reading the information. He had just been immersed in it and did not pay attention to his surroundings. He did not know what had happened either. He shook his head and summoned the Sacred Dragon Divine Sword. He then switched to fashion and changed to combat mode.

In an instant.

Lights flashed.

The orange (Legendary) equipment was surrounded by purple light (Enhanced + 10), causing everyone to feel dizzy and dumbfounded.

Legendary Strengthening + 10 sets?

Instantly.

A lot of people in the team were feeling jealous!

Look at him, then look at himself!

Just this?

A f*cking big boss?

An elite team?

It was simply impossible to watch!

"Waah…"

Mu Mu, who had a lively temperament, ran over with stars in her eyes. She looked at Qin Sheng's domineering Sacred Dragon Set with an infatuated expression and said, "So handsome, so cool, it seems like I'm going to!"

As he spoke.

His eyes stared straight at Qin Sheng, and the latter felt his hair stand on end!

"What equipment is this? Why isn't it on the equipment ranking?"

Mumu issued a death inquiry.

"The reward for the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged and did not hide anything. "I was late just now because I strengthened them!"

What?

This time, not only Mu Mu was shocked, everyone present was also shocked.

This was especially so for Sanguine Primrose, a woman who had never shown her emotions on her face. Right now, her pair of phoenix-like eyes were glaring at Qin Sheng. The flames in her eyes seemed as though they were about to swallow him whole.

"Are you saying that you can enhance all five equipment by + 10 in an hour?"

Sanguine Primrose took a deep breath, her voice trembling like never before.

“Yeah, what’s the problem?”

Qin Luo was stunned for a moment before replying naturally.

What was the problem?

Upon hearing these words, everyone present, including Qing Si, who had a fairy-like personality that was hard to stir, had the urge to beat Qin Sheng to death!

‘ What do you think is the problem?’

Beast!

This was inhuman!

Was Strengthening + 10 so shameless in your eyes that you could do whatever you wanted with just your hands?

F*ck!

"Me too!"

Mu Mu's eyes were sparkling. "I want to strengthen + 10 too!"

The equipment on her body was not bad. Most of them were purple (Epic) with orange halos (Enhancement + 7), and there were one or two silver halos (Enhancement + 8). For normal players, they were already very strong. They were definitely the best equipment among the S-listers!

Except.

Compared to Qin Luo's full set of enhancement + 10, and it was even a Legendary Set, it was simply a beggar's outfit, unsightly!

"Brother Weihun, you're really like this!"

Yatu gave him a thumbs up and praised him.

He wanted it too.

He was even more lustful than Mu Mu.

After all.

He was the boss of the Elegance Room.

As the first person to enter the city and change occupations, he was extremely popular with Qin Sheng, who was currently eating the profits that Qin Sheng had given him. He had even used this opportunity to let the Elegance Room embark on a path of rapid development and increase its strength.

Yet.

As the president of the Elegance Pavilion, he did not have the invincible strength of the East Imperial Continent and the Martial Emperor. Instead, due to his outstanding performance during this period of time, he became the enemy of everyone. He was provoked both openly and covertly. Even the internal affairs of the union were shaken and not very stable.

If he had a set of powerful equipment with + 10 enhancement, not only would he be able to increase his strength greatly, but he would also be able to prove Yatu's ability and give many members, especially the new members, great confidence.

Except.

Could he speak?

No!

If it was in the past, he might have shamelessly asked about it.

However, even if he was not the one responsible for the incident at the Furious Bears Ridge and was not instructed by him, he could not escape the blame.

To the end.

The cute baby daddy was his subordinate!

It was too late even if he dealt with the little boy's father who betrayed him!

Even though Weeping Soul and a group of NPCs had left the scene after the encirclement incident ended that day, his Elegance Room and the Rose Society led by Sanguine Primrose had arrived late. They had not been able to save Weeping Soul, but the Thunder Guild could not escape. Taking advantage of the chaos and decrease in strength, the entire army charged forward and attacked madly.

In the end, the Thunder Union suffered the consequences of their own actions. They were tricked by the array formation and revived on the spot indefinitely. It was only when they killed the tens of thousands of Thunder Union elites until they reached level 0 that they were able to escape death!

After this battle, the Thunder Union had directly collapsed, and there would be no turning back.

But so what?

It was already too late!