Chapter 761: Improvement Business Comes Up…

Yatu was heartbroken!

The damage to the Weeping Soul Beast had already been cast, and was irreversible!

He knew this very well!

At the same time.

He was clearly aware of exactly how formidable and terrifying this man before him was, and exactly how great his potential was!

Originally.

They were friends!

At least.

They were friends.

Unfortunately.

All of this was destroyed because of a small fry.

He wanted to make up for it.

At worst.

To make Weeping Soul hate him and Yatu Pavilion.

So.

Through the battle at the Furious Bears Mountain Range, he had managed to form a good relationship with Sanguine Primrose. Using this opportunity, he had paid a huge price to have her help him set up this dungeon.

For.

It was to salvage their image!

"Help me! Help me! Help me!"

The others had their concerns, but Mu Mu would not. Even though they had not seen each other for a long time, she was still the same her from before. Or rather, she had never changed. She did not stand on ceremony at all. She glared and acted coquettishly as she sought help from Qin Sheng.

"I'm not free!"

These two words followed the birth of his heart. According to Qin Luo's first reaction, he was about to reject, but when he was about to say it, he forcefully suppressed it.

He was not interested in anything else!

He also did not want to waste time working for others!

Money.

He was not bad.

Friendship?

Haha!

What was that?

Except.

Everything else did not matter. For example, the Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and other special items like crystal coins, he was lacking!

Crystal coins would be used sooner or later in the future. Their use would definitely be more important than the Augmenting Gems that were exploding now!

As for the Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals, it just so happened that he had used up all his stock and was in urgent need of replenishment.

In the end, the strength of one person was still unable to defeat the strength of two great unions.

Especially when it came to collecting goods, it was far inferior!

Even though Qin Luo's equipment was now Legendary Set Enhancement + 10 and there was no need for him to change, he was still only Level 48. There was still a long way to go, and his equipment would be eliminated sooner or later. At that time, would he have to wear something better? If he did not enhance it + 10, would it be worthy of his Weeping Soul identity?

"Prepare five sets of materials and consumables, plus five million yuan!"

Qin Luo said calmly.

This was an exorbitant demand.

Still.

But no one objected!

Which one of the people present wasn't a God-level nouveau riche?

Even the four girls who followed Sanguine Primrose were extremely wealthy. Although they couldn't be considered a God-level nouveau riche, they were definitely wealthy. If not, how did they get that shiny set of Enhanced + 7 equipment?

Strengthening System!

Apart from the dungeon system, the current system was the most popular. Even the mercenary system was slightly inferior. As the top-tier players, they naturally experienced it all.

Although strengthening was related to forging, in reality, it had little to do with it. The most important thing was still luck!

If he was lucky, he would enter the clouds and go straight up + 10!

If your luck is bad, even if your forging ability is raised to Master rank, you will still be making continuous "pa pa pa pa" (sounds of strengthening failing)!

Since he had experienced it, he knew how difficult it was to forge + 10!

Not to mention + 10, even + 9 was difficult!

"I want it, I'll book a set!"

Mu Mu, who had a flippant personality and was not scheming, naturally became the first person to agree. She raised her hand and her eyes were bright, as if she was in a classroom yearning for a primary school student to be chosen!

"Me too!"

Fengxing, who did not have much presence at the side, was very smart at this moment. It was the second appointment!

"Brother Weeping Soul, if you're not busy, I want a set too!"

Yatu looked amused.

After that!

It was a group of people scrambling to get in line for an appointment!

Even a few girls from the Rose Society joined after thinking for a while!

Other than Qin Luo, there were a total of nine teammates. Other than the only two who did not speak, Black Hair and Sanguine Primrose, everyone else had fallen into the trap.

The two goddesses did not speak, nor did Qin Sheng panic.

Qing Si didn't say anything because she had already sent a secret message over. She wanted it too!

As for Sanguine Primrose, that overbearing look in her eyes had already explained everything!

She wanted it too!

‘ No.’

She wanted to be the first!

That's right!

It was just that domineering!

Qin Sheng had slept with her and even lived under the same roof as her.

Or worse.

She still had a trump card in her hands. Qin Luo Sheng's parents and siblings were all under her watch. She was also his so-called collaborator on the surface. If there were benefits, she would naturally be first!

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng appeared calm on the surface, but he was actually very surprised. He was asking for an exorbitant price. After all, he wanted to rely on these tycoons to earn some Augmenting Gems to make up for his deficit. However, he did not want to become a tool for these guys to strengthen themselves.

Except.

Unexpectedly.

He had underestimated the spending power of a tycoon!

This was simply not treating money as money!

Five sets of strengthening materials and consumption, plus five million yuan!

Wasn't this a bargain?

With his current abilities, he basically had a 70% chance of "clearing" the level in one go, increasing it by 10!

In other words…

He could complete the contract with just one set of strengthening materials!

The remaining four sets of strengthening materials and consumption (gold coins and supplementary materials) were all his!

Other than that.

There was also a fee of up to five million yuan!

What the f*ck, this was practically robbing money!

"It's really awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng instantly lamented his own narrow-mindedness. He had underestimated the capabilities of the RMB warriors and the methods of the super-rich!

Still.

He did not regret it either, thinking that his offer was too low!

With this profit, it was already extremely high. He could not be greedy!

As the saying goes, fine water flows slowly…

Hehe!

This enhancement was a bottomless pit!

The upgrade of equipment was extremely fast. Even though the enhancement of + 10 was extremely terrifying, the enhancement and the ultimate reward was enough to allow the equipment to surpass grades and levels. The weak would win against the strong, and the second stage would be stronger than the third stage!

However, to a God-level nouveau riche, pursuing the pinnacle of data was what they wanted!

When they encountered stronger equipment, they would definitely "love the new and hate the old". They would use all means to get new equipment!

This way…

His strengthening business would definitely be endless!

When the time came.

Without any effort, he had made a killing!

"Heh, I really have a hard life!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but mock himself.

It was not easy for him to get rid of the restrictions of Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal. Unexpectedly, he immediately started another business and caused trouble for himself!

Except.

There was no other way!

Money did not matter. The Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals could not fit into such a thing!

"No hurry!"

Seeing that everyone was about to step forward to trade, Qin Luo hurriedly waved his hand and said, "We'll talk about the strengthening later. I don't believe that you guys still have a bunch of Augmenting Gems and spirit crystals in your backpacks!"

Everyone looked at each other before giving up!

“Let’s go, we’re entering the instance dungeon! We’ve already wasted a lot of time!”

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about the reactions of the others. He took the lead and stepped out to fight first!

Even if it was a ten-man team dungeon, he was used to being alone. Even if he had teammates, he would pretend that they didn't exist and play by himself!

After watching the Instance Dungeon video and learning about the Instance Dungeon's information, Qin Sheng walked very quickly. There was no need to worry about any traps!

Soon!

After walking for a while, they finally reached the foot of the mountain!

He looked up.

Skeletons wielding large sabers were wandering around leisurely!