Chapter 778: Treasure Map And Trigger Hidden Mission

"…If we fall behind, the meaning will be very different!"

Qin Luo let out a shaky breath as his gaze became resolute.

“I can’t delay any longer! Dig up the treasure map right now and then leave the instance dungeon to cause trouble!… I believe that the auction house has already made their move. Now, just wait for news of me, the seller!”

Qin Qin Sheng thought to himself, "To prevent any complications, we can only give them a day at most to build up momentum and let those ambitious tycoons raise money. The longer we delay, the greater the danger!"

He took out the treasure map.

It opened.

Instantly, a virtual image appeared on the ordinary treasure map. There was a picture on it and a clear coordinate!

He followed the path.

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned to discover that the location of the treasure map was beneath the original bronze altar!

Without the threat of the Skeleton Blood Emperor, Qin Sheng did not care much. He let Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing cultivate while he took out the Great Spade and started digging!

In the end, the virtual world was still the virtual world. Qin Sheng had only dug for a few minutes. Even if the [Great Iron Spade] had the effect of destroying gold and breaking jade, he had only dug a small pit a few meters deep at most. In the real world, this depth, let alone a treasure trove, even the dome was thousands of miles deep!

Ding… congratulations on successfully excavating the treasure map. Obtained: White Bone Mountain Fairy * 1, 100 million gold coins, several pieces of jewelry, 10,000 sets of armaments, 100 military blueprints, several minerals and medicinal herbs!

The brief system prompt almost made Qin Luo sit down on the ground.

F*ck!

Was this the treasure map?

I got it!

No wonder the drop rate was so low. Even he only had three cards since the game started.

The first one was obtained in the Beginner's Village. The azure hair used the wolf's eye as a reward to help it resolve the calamity of the Luo River. It killed Young Master Thunder and one of his subordinates, thus becoming enemies. The treasure map was dropped after killing the Naga Priest. The azure hair was picked up and then given!

This treasure map was of great significance because it had guided Qin Luo Sheng on the path of the Luo River. By using the Spiral Water Path, he had entered the bottom of the Luo River and discovered the Naga Race's sacrificial altar. He had obtained the location marked on the treasure map and the Spiritual Water Vein Spirit Pearl. Through the effect of the Spiritual Water Vein Pearl, he had opened the seal on the sacrificial altar and entered the Naga Ancestral Land. He had also killed the Naga Empress and obtained the [Coiling Dragon Li Water]!

The second treasure map was also obtained in the Beginner's Village, which was the treasure map that was excavated today. It came from the Demonic Mine, and it was the body of Zhang Xin, the deceased Empire General!

As for the third card, Emma, after defeating the Black Dragon King Long Yuan not long ago, the system gave it to her. It needed to be level 50 before it could be activated. It contained the accumulated resources that Long Yuan and the Dragon Emperor had collected over countless years after they failed to obtain the throne. Although she did not know what it contained, it was definitely terrifying!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the treasure buried by the Demon-Buster Army's seven regiments. You have triggered a special hidden mission. 1: Take the treasure for yourself. 2: Give the treasure to the Empire's military!

"Accept the mission!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes and accepted the mission without hesitation.

"It's a little hard to decide!"

Qin Sheng was a little hesitant as he scanned the items that had filled the backpack and Illusionary Spirit Ribbon.

Gold coins!

Military equipment!

Blueprint!

Mineral production!

Herbs!

When these things were gathered together, it was enough to create a strong army in a short period of time. For the current players, they were almost invincible!

Except.

This required even more manpower and financial resources!

If he really wanted revenge, 100 million gold coins was a drop in the bucket!

If he had not chosen Qin Luo, he would definitely have taken the treasure for himself. He would have used the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, the two gold-devouring behemoths, to fill the pits and build his own gang to accumulate power and develop continuously.

Still.

It was impossible now!

‘ Of course.’

If he had to do it, it would definitely not be a problem. After all, even if the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal were to hand over their authority, he would only be able to get a share of the profits. Furthermore, he was under the watchful eyes of Sanguine Primrose, so it would be hard for him to secretly move her away.

But.

He was capable and had the Starlight Miracle BUG. Even if he did not produce a large amount of super equipment, he could at least be an arms dealer. Furthermore, he was a high-end arms dealer who only sold good goods. He used quality to win and not quantity!

Plus.

The current explosive strengthening system!

He could easily give an Epic or Legendary equipment an Enhancement + 10. If this f*cking equipment was released, it couldn't be sold for a sky-high price. He could just eat shit!

Yet.

This method was too difficult!

So.

Qin Luo Sheng chose a simple method—

Gou!

To be able to use Fate Dimension to allow his life to evolve, he might be able to become a god in some sense. He would be invincible on the blue planet and above the country.

When the time came.

Who would dare defy Qin Luo's will?

Du Qiangwei?

Du family?

Or…

Lei Corporation?

Haha!

They were just chickens and dogs!

When there was really such power, he did not even need to do it himself. There would naturally be countless lackeys surrounding him and following his will, sweeping up all the dust for him!

"Choose 2!"

Qin Luo said to the system.

"Your choice is a success. Please head to the camp a thousand miles away from Star Glory City and look for General Li to deliver the mission!"

Beep beep beep!

Beep beep beep!

Beep beep beep!

The urgent voice of the communicator rang continuously in his ears. Qin Sheng temporarily blocked it and then searched the surroundings. After making sure that he did not miss anything, he crushed the return scroll.

They hurried along.

After returning to the Luoshen Residence, Qin Luo locked himself in a secret room.

After resting for a while, he turned on his communicator and replied to the messages one by one.

"Prepare all the materials in an hour. See you at the usual place!"

Qin Sheng hung up on the tea room not far from the Hidden Dragon Pavilion as the meeting place. Then, he got up and prepared to lift his backpack into the air. He wanted to hand over the treasure and complete the mission first.

Except.

He suddenly thought of something and changed direction, heading towards the city.

After spending a huge sum of gold coins, Qin Sheng walked out of the appraisal shop, his face twitching.

Miracles of starlight flashed continuously.

Gold sublimated to Epic.

Epic sublimation to Legend.

Qin Luo Sheng made the equipment into a picture book and left a portion behind. The rest were sent to the fat sheep in his friends' column!

Yeah.

That's right.

A fat sheep, a fat sheep!

The next moment.

An even more urgent beeping sound rang out without stopping!

"Price!"

Looking at the anxious replies from the group of fat sheep, Qin Sheng curled his lips and arrogantly threw out two words.

They sped along.

He ran to the city gate and summoned Bing Bing to ride on it. After finding the right direction, he headed towards the military camp a thousand miles away and sped away!

Ignoring the group of fangirls behind or those with ulterior motives chasing after her, she easily shook them off with Bing Bing's speed.

As he hurried on his way, Qin Sheng held a small auction on his way out!

Everyone was straightforward and rich. Time was precious and they didn't treat money as money. They easily completed the "auction" and the bidding efficiency was extremely high.