Chapter 779: Rank Up, Rank Six General

"Tsk, this income is simply explosive!"

Qin Luo Sheng calculated silently. In just a blink of an eye, he had earned nearly three million gold coins. In total, it was more than 70 million!

Now.

The price of the gold coins had completely exploded and dropped drastically. However, due to the consumption of the enhancement, the price was still fixed at 1: 20. At most, it was around 3 to 5. From top to bottom, it could not rise much or fall much.

They sped along.

Qin Luo soon arrived at the target camp.

"Halt! This is an important camp, and trespassing is prohibited. Leave immediately!"

Qin Luo was still more than a thousand meters away from the camp when he suddenly felt a chill in his heart, as if something had set its eyes on him. His whole body could not help but tense up, and before he could react, a loud roar came from the camp.

Looking up.

Qin Sheng quickly raised his hand and shouted, "I am a viscount of the empire. I am a seventh-ranked general. I have an urgent mission to report to General Li!"

With that,

She stood quietly on the spot and did not do anything to make others misunderstand.

Soon.

A group of elite soldiers ran over to verify Qin Sheng's identity.

After learning that there were no mistakes, he allowed Qin Sheng to enter and brought him into the military camp respectfully.

In the camp.

General Li's tent.

"Hahahaha… So it's you, brother. Welcome, welcome!"

Qin Sheng had already received reports from his personal guards. They had come personally to welcome him, giving Qin Sheng face.

"Greetings, General Li!"

Qin Luo Sheng cupped his fists and said respectfully, "Thank you for your help last time, General Li!"

"It's nothing!"

General Li stroked his beard and pulled Qin Luo Sheng towards his tent. "Come, come, come, come. Brother, you've done something big recently. You're famous. I've wanted to have a good chat with you for a long time, but unfortunately, I'm responsible and don't dare to leave the camp. You're the same. Last time I called you to look for me, you dragged it out until now!"

"Brother, please forgive me!"

The other party was a general, and a high-ranking military officer who was stationed at Starlight City. He definitely had an extraordinary background. Now that he was being so polite, Qin Sheng naturally wouldn't be conceited because of his talent. He said humbly, "Ever since Dragon Lake City was besieged the last time, a great calamity has been buried. I, your younger brother, have been unable to eat and sleep in peace. I only resolved the problem not long ago. Now, I've come to disturb you!"

"You brat…"

How could the shrewd General Li not see through Qin Sheng's thoughts? However, he did not care either. A military camp was not a place that one could enter easily. If one did not have a military rank, so what if one had a noble title?

"His Majesty and the Great General hold you in high esteem. I also didn't expect that you would have an appointment with Long Yuan at the Terrifying Dragon Platform. Furthermore, you killed Long Yuan on the Terrifying Dragon Platform in front of the entire continent. Truly remarkable!"

General Li sincerely praised Qin Sheng, then gave him a thumbs up. He then changed the topic and said, "Kid, you definitely don't visit unless you need something. Tell me, why have you come to look for your old brother? I don't believe that you should have come on the first date. Moreover, drinking is prohibited in an important military camp. I don't have good wine to serve you!"

Qin Sheng:…

This general's personality was really lively!

‘ No.’

His brain must be jumping!

As she said this, her expression changed.

They had just been having a "intimate" conversation, and now they were talking about business?

"To be honest…"

Since they were talking about serious matters, Qin Sheng was naturally happy as well. He hated interpersonal relationships, especially with people he was not familiar with. This hypocritical courtesy was simply annoying. He immediately told Qin Luo about the Demon-Buster Army, White Bone Mountain, and the treasure map.

"I see!"

General Li sighed. "What a pity. Back then, I was having a good time drinking with General Zhang. I never imagined that such a man would not die on the battlefield. Instead, he died in that incomparably strange mine and was killed by evil!"

Qin Luo was silent.

"Brother, you've done a great service!"

General Li said, "Back then, when the seven Demon-Buster Army regiments had just completed their encirclement mission, they immediately received orders from their superiors to rush to the mine. Not only did they not have time to repair the damage, but they were also exhausted from running for their lives. Then, they encountered a great monster and were completely wiped out. The seven Demon-Buster Army regiments, as well as General Zhang Xin, are the eternal pain of our empire. Last time, you dealt with the evil demons in the mine and avenged my soldiers and my sons. You brought their belts back and returned their souls to their homeland. Now, you have also found the resources that the empire had confiscated. You have done a great service! I will immediately write a letter to report to you!"

"General Li is too polite!"

Qin Luo said humbly, "As a citizen of the empire, this is my duty!"

General Li laughed heartily and said nothing. He only patted Qin Sheng's shoulder affectionately.

Ding… congratulations on completing the triggering hidden mission. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 50,000, Military Merit + 20,000! '

A golden light flashed.

Qin Luo rose straight to Level 49. His original experience had also been brought up, but unfortunately, it was not in the form of a percentage!

Bloody hell.

Indeed, 49 to 50 required 100 million experience!

Qin Sheng sighed helplessly when he saw that his experience bar, which was originally close to 60%, had shrunk to 42%.

Damn it!

Couldn't it be directly converted to the same percentage?

This time.

I lost more than ten million experience points!

Tsk!

The reward was already in Qin Luo's account. After exchanging some pleasantries with General Li, he took his leave.

"Brother, it's not convenient for me to keep you in the military camp! I'll find you when I'm on my period and have a drink with you!"

General Li sent Qin Sheng out of the camp and said sincerely.

"Old brother has the heart. I will wait and see!" Qin Luo smiled. "Farewell!"

General Li nodded and sent Qin Sheng off. "Oh right, if you're free, make a trip to the Armaments Ground!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "Okay!"

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the time. It was still early before the appointed time, so he did not go to the tea room. Instead, he listened to General Li and headed for the armory not far from the mayor's residence!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the follow-up reward for the hidden mission. Your military rank has increased! '

On the way.

The system suddenly sounded.

"So fast?"

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat stunned.

General Li had just said that he was going to give him a celebratory feast, but in less than a minute, the reward had already been given?

[Military rank: General Zhonglang (Grade Six)]: General Zhonglang of the Great Xia Empire. Special privilege: General Zhonglang's Royal Seal. Under special circumstances, you can mobilize no more than 200 soldiers to fight for you! Attack power + 10%, Critical Strike Chance + 10%, Penetration Rate + 10%, Speed + 10%. This effect is double for the enemy camp of the Great Xia Empire!

Not bad!

Another promotion!

Besides.

Other than the last effect, the other effects were directly doubled!

Shuang ~