Chapter 775: Attribute Control, Qin Luo'S Victory Dharma Treasure!

Damn it!

2500 + Physical Defense!

20W + Mana Defense!

This was a little disgusting!

Fortunately.

The Sacred Dragon Sword had a penetrating effect and could ignore 30% of defense. Otherwise, even if it could break through defense, the damage would be extremely limited!

Besides.

Since the Skeleton Blood Emperor was known as the Blood Emperor, his recovery ability was naturally not weak!

Without the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison, this nemesis of recovery, there was simply no way to suppress this guy's super strong recovery ability!

Only by continuously attacking and using powerful damage to crush the amount of recovery could he steadily cut off his health points.

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

As the holy light descended, the Yang element that had been sublimated to the extreme surged. It was supposed to be the power to save the dying and heal the injured, but when the Skeleton Blood Emperor's dark element collided, it became extremely masculine and destructive.

-835000!

A huge damage number floated up, causing Qin Luo to rub his eyes hard in disbelief!

F*ck!

800,000 damage?

Was this even a freaking healing spell?

Even if the attributes countered each other, it shouldn't be so brutal, right?

"Light, a disgusting light. Go to hell, brat!"

Since ancient times, fire and water were incompatible. Light and darkness were the same, especially since light and darkness belonged to two different individuals. It was even more so for intelligent and sentient individuals.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was suddenly severely wounded. The extreme yang power of the Ultimate Healing Technique ran amok in his body. Not only did it suppress the dark power, but it also suppressed his strength. It also restrained the absorption process from the outside, causing the recovery effect to stop.

How could he not be angry?

"Hahaha… This is really, really great!"

The Skeleton Blood Emperor flew into a rage, while Qin Luo Sheng was laughing hysterically in pleasure.

“Now, I’ve finally found the key to success! I originally thought that with the embrace of death and the prayer of life, I would be the bane of darkness! I never thought that this was just the beginning!”

Looking at the Skeleton Blood Emperor, Qin Sheng curled his lips and revealed a strange smile. "Not to mention the Blood Demon Sword that has been enchanted with the [Rahu God Slaughtering], the effects of the Spellblade's ultimate magic, especially the Light element Ultimate Healing Spell that opposes Darkness, are simply explosive!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were shining!

Even the Skeleton Blood Emperor, who had reached the Legendary Strengthening Stage, could not withstand such a small healing spell, let alone the dark creatures.

Those of a lower grade might be melted in an instant!

Dark nemesis.

He was now in jail!

"Death Dragon Breath!"

Just as Qin Luo was deep in thought and excited, the heavily injured Skeleton Blood Emperor rode on its bone dragon and opened its mouth to spit out a jet-black dragon breath.

"Magic Flash!"

It was a terrifying wide-range skill that covered at least 30 meters. It was simply terrifying. Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly retreated and finally used his teleportation skill to barely escape the range.

"Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon!"

His cape fluttered, and a pair of three-meter-wide dragon wings shot out. Qin Sheng took advantage of the situation to fly into the sky, determined not to become a foot soldier. The Skeleton Blood Emperor, who had now become an air force, had the upper hand.

Without the right to control the air, the bone dragon beneath the Skeleton Blood Emperor continued to unleash its dragon breath. However, after Qin Luo had enhanced it with the Ethereal Steps, it had increased its speed by 200%, and because of the Wings of the Rain Dragon, it was like a fish in water in the air. It was extremely nimble and easily neutralized all of its attacks.

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

Ten seconds later, the cooldown was over. Qin Sheng continued to use it without hesitation!

-835000!

Another 800,000 plus damage!

With the addition of light energy, pure Yang energy erupted!

The Skeleton Blood Emperor let out another painful roar!

"How exciting!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not beat the dog when it was down like he usually did. Instead, he retreated a little and opened up a distance from the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

This damage was far greater than any other skills other than the Sky Slashing Strike, the Life-Extinguishing Strike, and many other forbidden spells.

Attributes countered.

He was so unreasonable!

Besides.

Most importantly, the CD of the Ultimate Healing Spell was extremely short, only ten seconds!

Now.

This was because the Skeleton Blood Emperor, which had been resurrected using the Blood Demon Pearl as its energy source, only had 10 million Health Points despite its explosive attributes!

In these ten seconds, over 800,000 people with extremely stable damage could be killed with at most 12 Extreme Healing Spells!

After two minutes!

It was too simple!

With such a safe and effortless method, why did he have to be like a fool and risk his life to fight?

Anyway.

With his current speed, the Skeleton Blood Emperor would not be able to catch up to him even if he was riding a dragon. He was basically invincible!

One word—

Steady!

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

"Extreme Healing Spell!"

…

10 seconds!

10 seconds!

Another 10 seconds!

At the interval of every 10 seconds, Qin Sheng would release his skill precisely and accurately. Holy Light poured down and landed on the Skeleton Blood Emperor, reducing its 800,000 health points!

This continued.

One minute!

The Skeleton Blood Emperor, who had been treated by eight Extreme Healing Spells, had its health points dropped to almost 30%!

"We can't give this fellow any chances!"

Qin Luo frowned.

The Legendary Boss was in an enhanced form and was only half a step away from the Dragon Abyss' Half-Legendary Boss. Moreover, this was his territory. Qin Sheng dared not be careless!

"I might as well go all out. In any case, this guy's physical strength is completely incomparable to mine. Even if he's riding a dragon, he won't be able to touch me at all. As long as I seal off his skills, he will become a tiger without claws and teeth. At that time, he will be at my mercy!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Skeleton Blood Emperor who was about to explode when his health points dropped by 30% and decided to strike first!

In this one minute or so, the Skeleton Blood Emperor did not just quietly allow him to beat it up. Instead, its attacks were extremely fierce. The Skeleton Dragon's curse-like death breath did not stop for even a moment. It was just that it was evaded by its extreme speed.

Next.

The 30% and 10% health stage was a hurdle that would inevitably erupt!

Honestly.

Even though Qin Luo Sheng still had many trump cards that he had yet to use, he was still a little apprehensive when the Legendary Boss got angry. He did not dare to go against it easily. What if he lost?

A Dark Boss was the strangest existence!

Besides.

Light and darkness, death and life, opposing each other, restraining each other, there was no absolute suppression between one side and the other!

Now.

He was having a great time using the Ultimate Healing Spell. He beat the Skeleton Blood Emperor to death, making it hard for him to move.

The physics would be reversed.

Once the Skeleton Blood Emperor unleashed its strange ability, it was very likely that it could turn the tables in an instant.

Plus.

The conflict between light and darkness was very likely to be suppressed by the Skeleton Blood Emperor's ability. It could either be suppressed or eliminated, causing the revival ability that was based on life energy to be ineffective, resulting in death.

Even if this was only a guess, Qin Luo did not dare to bet!

“Star… God… Restriction… Can!”