Chapter 774: Blood Demon Pearl, Skeleton Blood Emperor Dragon Knight

[Skeleton Blood Emperor (Legendary Boss)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 30,000,000

Mana: 12000000

Physical Attack: 500000

Magic Attack: 200000

Physical Defense: 180,000

Magic Defense: 120,000

Speed: 28,500

Skills: [Sweeping the Eight Desolates] [Destructive Ray] [Soul Inferno] [???]

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: The Skeleton Blood Emperor was born on the White Bone Mountain. He absorbed countless bones and refined them to form his original body. He devoured endless blood and qi. He used the flesh and blood of thousands of living beings as his source. He supplemented it with the Intrinsic Spiritual Treasure, the Blood Demon Pearl. He became the Blood Emperor and was known as the Skeleton Emperor. He commanded the White Bone Mountain for thousands of miles and was the overlord of a generation.

What the heck was this?

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked on the spot!

Ignoring everything else, the physical attack had surpassed the Dragon Abyss?

‘ No.’

Something was wrong.

This did not mean that the Skeleton Blood Emperor was stronger than Long Yuan.

After all.

At that time, Long Yuan's strength was limited to level 34, and the Skeleton Blood Emperor happened to be level 50. This was the threshold for the Third Stage Profession. Compared to the Fourth Stage or Second Stage Profession, this was a huge leap.

Even so.

There was no doubt about the Skeleton Blood Emperor's strength!

Fortunately.

He had cleared a dungeon before and was familiar with this guy's fighting style and skills. If not, he would have to deal with it carefully!

"Fight! Fight!"

Boss battles were information battles.

To Qin Luo, the Skeletal Blood Emperor before him was completely the same apart from the fact that its grade had changed from Epic to Legendary and its attributes had increased tremendously. Moreover, it had gained a skill that even the Heavenly Eye could not detect!

After experiencing it once, the difficulty level dropped by a lot!

"Heart of Courage!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

“Undying Battle Will!”

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Magic conversion, transforming magic attacks into physical attacks!"

After taking the medicine, he added all the enhancement skills!

Qin Luo Sheng put on the Ice Spirit Ring and charged towards the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

At this moment.

There was no need to hide if he was going to solo the dungeon!

Under the detection of the Heavenly Eye, the Skeleton Blood Emperor's weakness was very clear. Like all dark creatures, it was afraid of light, life, and fire. The weakness of its physical body was the pupils formed by the golden flames in its eye sockets!

There were two ways to kill a Legendary BOSS and an Ancient BOSS.

Qin Luo Sheng did not use his only all-attribute weakening skill, the Death God's Embrace. Instead, he chose to hide and prepare for a fatal blow.

Nothing else.

The hidden technique with three question marks made Qin Sheng feel that something was not right. If he could avoid it, he naturally did not want to face it!

"Extreme Curse!"

The meeting was huge.

With a curse, he chose to enhance the effect of the version, which wiped out 20% of the Skeleton Blood Emperor's resistance!

"Extreme Gravity!"

At the same time, the Gravity Spell landed. The sudden double gravity caused the Skeleton Blood Emperor's huge body to tremble. The huge steel fork that was about to land on his hand could not help but tremble and slow down!

"Sword Thrust Slash!"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng, who was 20 meters away, swayed his body and suddenly appeared beside the Skeleton Blood Emperor as if he had teleported. The [Sacred Dragon Sword] in his hand landed lightly and dealt nearly a million damage!

"He's quite strong!"

Qin Qin Sheng was astonished.

They were not surprised by his damage, but by the strength of the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

Although the damage dealt by the Stab Slash was only 150%, it had a special effect of penetrating and ignoring defense.

In such a situation, the damage was only a million points. It was really too low!

This time.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to activate the Sacred Dragon Protection and fight head-on with the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

To the end.

This fellow’s physical attacks were like those of a ruffian, reaching 500,000 points!

Even if only 10% of the damage was effective, it was still extraordinary.

Besides.

Under the solo grinding mode, the effects of the real battlefield were even more obvious. In the current situation, the Skeleton Blood Emperor would probably be able to send him flying a hundred meters with just his body's advantage!

“Feng Xing!”

"Sacred Dragon Illusion Steps!"

After employing two speed enhancements in a row, Qin Luo retracted his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and extinguished the idea of attacking the weakness of the skeleton Blood Emperor’s eyes. He landed on the ground and circled around it with his extraordinary speed and footwork.

The [Power of Ice Spirit] with the ice spirit ring had released Qin Sheng's hands and feet. Each attack would deal 50% additional ice-type damage, and the freezing effect could not be triggered. However, the speed reduction effect was triggered frequently, making the already cumbersome Skeleton Blood Emperor even more unbearable. It could not even touch him!

The battle lasted for more than two minutes.

After Qin Luo's sword slash, the Skeleton Blood Emperor's health bar dropped to 20%!

"Gaze of Death!"

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng activated his ultimate killing move.

In an instant.

-60,000,000!

The huge health damage number exploded. With a 20% decrease in strength, not only did the Skeleton Blood Emperor not unleash its ultimate move, but even its 10% burst damage skill was completely drowned out and died miserably.

"No system prompt!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes as he looked at the Skeleton Blood Emperor's empty health bar. At this moment, he was motionless, but his body did not collapse at all. He took a deep breath and said, "As expected, I'm still not used to it even though I've revived once or twice!"

Buzz…

Suddenly, the mountain shook.

The countless skeletons on the White Bone Mountain seemed to have come alive as they gathered towards the Skeleton Blood Emperor's corpse!

"By the order of the Emperor, summon my servant!"

The Skeleton Blood Emperor's domineering and imposing voice suddenly rang out, shaking the entire White Bone Mountain. "Wake up!"

A blood-red bead floated out from the skeleton Blood Emperor's corpse. It was the Blood Demon Pearl that activated the mechanism of the bronze altar!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The countless seas of consciousness that had been awakened seemed to have been summoned by the blood-colored halo of the Blood Demon Pearl. They frantically gathered in that direction, and under Qin Sheng's stupefied gaze, they formed—a bone dragon at an extremely fast speed!

Heavenly Eye, open!

[Skeleton Blood Emperor Dragon Knight (Enhanced Legendary Boss)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 0 / 300,000,000 (Tenacity 10,000,000)

Mana: 8500000 / 12000000

Physical Attack: 580000

Magic Attack: 300000

Physical Defense: 250,000

Magic Defense: 200000

Speed: 40,000

Skills: [Sweeping the Eight Desolates] [Destructive Ray] [Soul Inferno] [???]

Weakness: Fire, Light, Life Attack

Introduction: A little.

Holy shit!

Even a Dragon Knight was here?

So.

Skeleton Blood Emperor's ultimate move, the three question marks skill was to summon the Bone Dragon and transform into a Dragon Knight?

The Legendary Boss had become an Enhanced Legendary!

All other attributes were enhanced!

As for Health Points, none!

0 HP, but below the HP bar, there was an additional bar. Toughness was 10 million. It looked like it should be the HP of the Bone Dragon!

In other words.

The current Skeleton Blood Emperor was already dead. However, he had used a secret technique to "revive" through the Blood Demon Pearl and relied on the bone dragon to live.

As long as the bone dragon was killed, the Skeleton Blood Emperor would also die!