Chapter 776: Clear, Single Dungeon Reward: Blood Demon Bead

“Star… God… Restriction… Can!”

Qin Sheng had absorbed the BUG skill that had only been created after absorbing the [Legendary Mark]. It was Qin Sheng who had applied it to the Skeleton Blood Emperor for the first time.

The incomparably powerful Star God Forbidden Energy, its effect was that it could level a single target’s Forbidden Energy Talent by nine to ten seconds!

What was forbidden energy?

As the name suggested, energy was prohibited!

In the terminology of the players, silence meant that they could not use skills!

Still.

The Star God Forbidden Energy was far stronger than simple silence.

Not only could it prohibit the use of skills, but it could also prohibit everything related to energy.

For example.

Relying on the recovery ability of energy, special scenes of energy, and so on!

That included everything!

Once the Star God Forbidden Energy was unleashed, the Skeleton Blood Emperor's fire was completely extinguished!

“Damned brat, what did you do?”

One sneeze, two sneezes, three sneezes…

No matter how hard the bone dragon tried, that endless dragon breath could not be spat out at all now.

Seeing this.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was both shocked and enraged.

Because.

Not only was there a problem with the bone dragon, but so was he.

The energy in his body seemed to have been stagnated. It did not flow at all and naturally could not be used!

"What did you do? Guess!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked like he needed a beating!

A bug-level ability had never disappointed him!

Not only was the effect fierce, but the duration of the Star God Forbidden Energy was also not short!

After a long period of hard work, he had always been one step ahead in everything. Thus, the Lords of the Stars had eaten their fill!

Starting from the Beginner's Village, he had consecutively absorbed [Bronze Mark], [Silver Mark], [Gold Mark], [Epic Mark], and [Legendary Mark]. His level had increased by five levels, and he was now Level 6!

Thus…

According to the formula,

This Forbidden Energy lasted for 60 seconds, one minute!

“To be able to die in the Star God Forbidden Art’s virgin show, Skeleton Blood Emperor, you can be considered to have died a worthy death!”

Qin Sheng immediately smiled when he saw the prompt that the Star God Forbidden Technique was effective.

This move.

Originally, it was a trump card that he was prepared to use to deal with Long Yuan. Unfortunately, he never expected that Long Yuan was actually at the Half-step Mythical Realm, causing the Star God Forbidden Energy that was at most effective against Legendary Grades to be ineffective!

This was why he missed it!

Now it was good.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was not as ferocious as Long Yuan. Even if he was an Enhanced Legend, that was still a legend. It was also within the effective range of the Star God Forbidden Energy!

"Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared brazenly and changed his tactics. He changed from playing dirty to evading and borrowing the tactic of the Ultimate Healing Technique to slowly grind him to death, turning it into a direct confrontation.

What a joke.

Was there a need to fear the Skeleton Blood Emperor who could not mobilize its energy?

Even if his physical body was not restricted and he was riding a bone dragon, so what?

The strength of his physical body was nothing more than that of a fool. As long as his attack missed, what was the use of giving him ten times the strength?

So be it!

"Xiaoxiao, flank support!"

On the left and right, Qin Sheng and Xiaoxiao rushed over and surrounded the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

"Don't give him a chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a loud roar and instantly recalled the past. He opened his dragon mouth and spat out a 'Dragon Roar Impact'. The Skeletal Blood Emperor, who was riding on a dragon and preparing to counterattack with a steel trident, fainted on the spot from the shock.

Seize the opportunity!

Qin Luo Sheng and Xiaoxiao attacked!

After ten seconds of CD, it was time for Extreme Healing again!

No temper.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor had no temper at all!

His energy had been completely suppressed. His physical body alone could do nothing to Qin Luo.

Besides.

Beside Qin Luo, there was a little support.

He was completely hung up and beaten up!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Enhanced Legendary Boss—Skeleton Blood Emperor Dragon Knight. You have received 2,000W experience points and 10,000 Reputation points! '

Ding… congratulations on clearing level 40 White Bone Mountain. As a solo player, you will receive your only reward. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

"Reveal!"

Ding… Chinese war zone players, please take note. Chinese war zone players, please take note. Player Weeping Souls has cleared the level 40 dungeon [White Bone Mountain]. He has received a single exclusive reward: + 200 for the four attributes, + 5 for the special attributes, + 1 for the special equipment, and + 1 for the special scroll! At the same time, his heroic deeds will be imprinted on the hero's stone tablet for all heroes to admire!

Ding…

Ding…

The three system prompts shocked the Chinese warzone once again, especially Yatu and the others who were fighting in the level 35 dungeon. They were instantly speechless!

“This guy is too fierce!”

Yatu was shocked by the sudden system prompt. He almost lost his grip on his shield and was hacked to death by the monster beside him!

"As expected of my idol. He cleared the dungeon just like that. He did it in one go. And he used less time than the ten of us!"

Fengxing was full of respect.

"Isn't he too strong? He's inhuman!"

The Berserker couldn’t believe his ears. “We’re both Berserkers. Why is there such a huge difference?”

"Hmph, because his name is Weeping Soul Beast!"

Mu Mu glanced at him and snorted.

Everyone: "…"

"Alright, stop joking!"

"We don't have much of a chance to solo the dungeon. Let's work hard and get the team rewards. Even if it's not enough, we can't lose to Sanguine Primrose!"

"Okay!"

…

"Awesome!"

Upon seeing the System's reward, Qin Sheng could not help but exclaim.

Compared to the team clearing rewards, the individual rewards were too explosive!

The four basic attributes had increased to four times, and the special attribute had also increased from Luck + 2 to Free Attribute Points. One piece of equipment from his job became a special equipment, and there was also a special scroll!

"No, there's no need to add luck!"

Opening his stats window, Qin Sheng was prepared to add 5 free attribute points to Luck immediately. Fortunately, he reacted in time.

Right now, Qin Sheng's Luck points had already reached 68 points (without wearing the devil's mask). This number was already very explosive. It would definitely be better if he added more, but it would not mean much.

The charm value, needless to say, was permanently maxed out!

Resilience and focus were relatively unimportant.

Thus…

Only comprehension was needed!

After all.

Qin Luo Sheng still had an incomparably mysterious Nine Secrets of Dao Scripture that he needed to comprehend. Not only did he need to obtain the other Seven Secrets of the Nine Secrets, but he also needed to strengthen and obtain even stronger effects after obtaining the Combat and Movement Secrets.

Add! Add!

Five free special attribute points was an explosive reward!

Perception: 88!

Hmm ~

Comfortable!

He looked at the other rewards.

Blood Demon Bead

Type: Pearl

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect: Four basic attributes + 100, Luck -5, Tenacity + 5, Focus + 10

Special Effect: When [Blood Pool] kills a living creature, it can absorb its blood essence into the Blood Magic Pearl to nourish it, forming a blood pool!

Special Effect: [Blood Sea] When the blood pool accumulates to a certain level, it will form a blood sea. It has an effect: Blood Absorption + 50% (It cannot coexist with other blood-sucking effects)!

Additional Skill: [Blood's Desire] has an extremely morbid desire for blood. When fighting against creatures with blood, all attacks will be converted to special damage with a tearing effect. After the target is injured, obtain the DEBUFF of Blood loss. Bleeding effect is X (Current level * 100 Class Advancement times). Lasts for one minute!

Introduction: Blood Demon Bead. Unknown origins. It is said that it was once the intrinsic Demon Bead of the Blood Demon. It was an extremely powerful Demon Weapon that was born after absorbing countless amounts of blood. Later on, because it created too much killing sin, it was not tolerated by heaven and earth. Thunder punishment descended from the heavens and destroyed its True Spirit. Its whereabouts are unknown.