Chapter 777: Another Building Order…

"What the f*ck, isn't this the Blood Demon Pearl of the Skeleton Blood Emperor? It didn't drop, but instead became the reward for clearing the level alone?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the incomparably demonic blood-colored bead in his hand and was instantly shocked.

Not only was he shocked by his background, but he was also shocked by his attributes.

There was no need to talk about attributes.

The special effects and skills were quite ferocious!

Blood Absorption + 50%?

According to his calculations, wouldn’t that mean that his HP would be maxed out?

Especially after enhancing his skills, there was no doubt about it.

After all.

Even the evolved Skeleton Blood Emperor, an Enhanced Legendary Boss, could cut off hundreds of thousands of health points with a single slash. If it absorbed half of the health points, it would definitely recover to full health points. As long as the attacks did not stop, it would basically not die. It could be called a "perpetual motion machine"!

"However, this is just like the ghost face. It's so disgusting that I have to reduce my luck!"

Qin Luo's head hurt.

Although compared to other attributes, special effects and skills, a mere 5 Luck points was nothing, especially since he was a rich man with more than 500 Luck points. However, after all, this deduction of attributes really made him feel unhappy!

"Forget it, forget it. There are gains and losses, as long as the price-performance ratio is right!"

After weighing the pros and cons, Qin Sheng still could not resist the temptation of sucking 50% of blood.

This effect was simply too important when facing a BOSS!

With it, Qin Sheng would no longer have to run away and face the Boss head-on.

Not to mention…

There was also the skill [Blood Desire]!

Simply put.

Blood Desire was the effect of bleeding!

Except.

This bleeding effect was rather special, and it was rather powerful!

Current level * Class Advancement Number * 100!

This calculation formula!

If he brought it to the current level!

That was 48 * 2 * 100!

equivalent.

9,600!

Blood loss of nearly 10,000 per second!

It lasted for a minute!

This damn damage was close to 60W +!

Besides.

This was a skill without cooldown time.

What did this mean?

Meaning.

This skill could be triggered permanently!

For example.

When Qin Luo Sheng was fighting with a certain BOSS, he slashed down and triggered the effect. The BOSS bled for a minute.

During this one minute period, if the attack continued to hit and create an effective effect, then the DEBUFF respawn time would return to one minute!

In other words.

As long as Qin Sheng's attacks did not stop, the bleeding effect would continue forever until the Boss died!

Coupled with the special effects' ability to suck blood,

As the saying goes, one loses while the other gains!

Cut off the blood flow!

How sinister!

[Backtrack Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Time Backtrack

Introduction: Can be traced back to the skill and remove its CD! (5 / 5)

Yo.

Wasn't this Starlight Reversal?

Not bad, not bad!

Even Qin Sheng was very satisfied with his own skills.

Starlight Reversal was powerful, but it had a fatal flaw—it could only be used once a day!

Against normal Bosses, there was no need for it to take action. Against normal Bosses, one time was enough. However, against an existence like Dragon Abyss, one chance was very difficult!

This Retroactive Scroll could be used five times, and there were no restrictions. It indirectly raised Qin Sheng's strength by a large margin, raising his upper limit!

"Come on!"

Qin Sheng put away the scroll happily, his face full of smiles. "Now it won't be as easy as before. I have no choice but to squeeze my skills to death! D * mn! Which Boss angered me? I'll just use those powerful forbidden spells that require seven days of cooldown to bombard it madly. Let's see if it dies!"

Keep the rewards!

Then…

Only then did Qin Qin Sheng pick up the spoils dropped by the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

Enhancing Legendary BOSS was indeed very generous, it dropped a lot of Star Lights!

Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins. There were a lot of these three treasures.

There were three Skill Books, but it was a pity that none of them could be used.

The equipment was even more explosive. There were a total of eleven pieces!

One legendary item, two epic items. Qin Sheng only took a glance at the remaining pieces before stuffing them into his backpack!

"It's a pity that the Lord of Stars did not reach Level 7. The highest effect of the Starlight Miracle is only a legend. Otherwise, this legendary equipment would turn into a legend in an instant. How great would that be!"

Qin Luo looked regretful.

Still.

His state of mind was calm.

Firstly, the only legendary equipment dropped was a shield, exclusive to Guardians!

Secondly, he already had the Holy Dragon Set. Not to mention that he couldn't use it in the legends, even if he could use it, even if he could advance to the Mythical stage, he definitely wouldn't destroy the effect of the set just because of one piece of equipment!

"Perfect, this wave of spoils of war will add some glory to the upcoming battle!"

A mysterious smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face.

"I wonder how those ignorant big shots will face this fiery and crazy feast?"

Qin Sheng was playing with a black iron token that was as black as ink. On it were the words "Construction Gang" written in Xiaozhuan. His eyes were filled with amusement.

Unexpectedly.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor had given him such a great gift!

Long before.

Qin Luo Sheng had received the first banner, but it had been delayed due to the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena.

Today.

After conversing with the city lord, Luo Lin, and making use of their connections, they made contact with the biggest auction in Star Glory City and prepared for a huge storm.

Unexpectedly.

A day had yet to pass when the second Creation Clan Order appeared. Furthermore, it came from his hands!

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng carefully looked at the two identical Creation Clan Badges in his hands. His eyes narrowed slightly. "Ever since I broke the taboo last time and killed a Legendary Boss, it's like opening Pandora's box. The first is the Creation Clan Badge. The second is the Creation Clan Badge that appears once in a while. Back then, when the official version was updated, the Creation Clan Badge was already released. However, the drop rate is extremely low. If I'm not wrong, there must be a trigger condition. And the trigger condition is to kill a Legendary Boss by yourself!"

"For most things, only the first one is especially precious! Look, I have two priceless Creation Clan Badges now. Once this thing is released, although it won't be like [Certificate of Mercenary Group Establishing Certificate], it will quickly become common, but the drop rate will definitely be greatly increased. At that time, it will no longer be exclusive to Legendary Bosses. Epic Bosses and even Gold Bosses might drop it!"

"There are too many players in the World of Destiny, especially in the Huaxia warzone. There are more than a billion of them. This is f*cking terrifying! In such a huge base, it's normal for a lucky person to be lucky."

"Besides, even if most players have similar talents, there will always be some 'outstanding' experts. Even if they are not as talented as the Lord of Stars, they will not be much worse!

"Among them, if there is something like the superimposition of Luck Points, increased drop rate, or Godly Thief that can steal a certain item on the Boss' body, or other strange talents, and if I get the Creation Gang Badge, then what I have should be the first and second Creation Gang Badge. If I don't use it at the first moment and lags behind others, then the meaning will be very different!"