Chapter 770: Clearing The Game, Obtaining Reward (1)

As soon as he finished speaking.

All sorts of augmentation skills landed on him.

Qin Qin Sheng was not to be outdone either and began to prepare for battle!

"Heart of Courage!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Magical energy conversion, converting magic attack to physical attack!"

Rumble!

The Gundam's Skeleton Blood Emperor stood up with a steel trident in its hand.

"Ant, how dare you invade my sacred ground and disturb my slumber!"

The pupils of the golden flames flickered. The Skeleton Blood Emperor lowered his head and looked at Qin Sheng and the other ten ant-like humans. He did not stand on ceremony and dropped his pitchfork.

"Sacred Dragon Illusion Steps!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved his feet and very smoothly dodged the Skeleton Blood Emperor's wide-ranging attacks.

He activated his footwork skill!

Teleportation speed + 300%, and it greatly increased his flexibility.

Boom boom boom boom…

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was huge, but his movement speed was extremely fast, and his attack speed was not weak either!

With a pair of steel forks in his hands, he could not be said to have reached perfection. At the very least, he was extremely familiar with it, without the slightest bit of unfamiliarity.

Qin Luo's physique was absolutely overwhelming. Below the Skeleton Blood Emperor, he was like a rabbit hiding from a hunter with a weapon.

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo kept dodging. Even though he was as slippery as a loach and was completely unharmed by the continuous attacks of the Skeleton Blood Emperor, he could not find the slightest opportunity to counterattack!

"Tsk! Without the Blade Aura and the curse of Dragon Abyss, I lost Instant Slash and the Shadow Warrior. The Spellblade's ability can't be exposed, so I can't f*cking advance. I'm being blocked by his attacks. It's disgusting!"

No!

This could not continue!

Qin Qin Sheng knew very well.

Even if his stamina could sustain such a long time, the time needed to enhance his skills was not allowed!

"Hunting Tiger!"

Since he could not advance normally, he could only forcefully control it.

With a tiger's roar, the irritable Skeleton Blood Emperor immediately stopped moving like an idiot.

Attack decreased by 30%, and there was a 5 second stun effect!

Very good!

Even a Legendary Boss could not resist such strong control. What was a mere Strengthening Epic?

As soon as the Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon unfolded, Qin Luo Sheng's flying dagger, the Skeleton Blood Emperor, which was charging forward ferociously, lay across his head.

"Gaze of Death!"

-40,000,000!

The debuff skill was activated, and a huge damage number floated above the Skeleton Blood Emperor's head.

Not only did it decrease 4 million health points, it also decreased all attributes by 20%!

Seizing this opportunity!

“Holy Dragon Slash!”

The [Sacred Dragon Sword] shone brightly. Seven strikes in a second!

Qin Sheng, who had gone berserk, was sent to the golden flaming pupils of the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

For the Skeletal Blood Emperor whose entire body was covered in blood-red bones or was protected by armor, it did not have many weaknesses. Other than the elemental damage it was afraid of, the only thing left was its bright "eye"!

-580000!

-580000!

-580000!

-580000!

-580000!

…

Seven damage numbers appeared in succession.

Even though the Holy Dragon Slash was a fixed 300% damage output, which was far from being able to deal more than ten times the amount of damage due to its maximum output, the low damage output was much higher!

Seven strikes.

This skill dealt over 4 million damage to the Skeleton Blood Emperor!

It was equivalent to the Skeleton Blood Emperor losing another 20% of its health points!

“Vicious Destruction!”

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Two Epic damage skills attacked. Even though it was a pity that they did not trigger any special effects, the damage was sufficient. It was not bad.

"It's a pity that the Raging Blow was cursed by the Dragon Abyss. Otherwise, the Skeleton Blood Emperor's attributes would decrease by 10% to 20% after one draw. That guy would be completely useless!"

Sword qi whistled.

With the augmentation of the Sacred Flame, the attack range of five meters could still be slashed by Qin Luo Sheng's fake "Sword Qi" even without the augmentation of "Sword Qi Rampage". After all, it was only five meters away. Without the manifestation of the Sword Qi, wouldn't the attack be invisible and formless? How could anyone dodge it?

Five seconds.

In the blink of an eye!

The Skeleton Blood Emperor recovered from the shock of being protected.

Except.

More than half of his health points had also fallen!

"Ant, how dare you use your lowly metal to defile my noble body? Die!"

The Skeleton Blood Emperor did not activate at all when it was close to 50% of its health points. Its body immediately emitted a blood-red glow, and the entire skeleton was like a fire drug that was about to explode, causing Qin Sheng who was closest to it to retreat continuously!

"Quick, dodge! The Boss is about to use his ultimate move!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared as he activated his defensive skills to protect himself.

He was too close to the Boss and it was impossible for him to dodge. He could only take this attack head on!

"Destruction Ray!"

Blood-red energy beams shot out from the skeleton Blood Emperor's body, as if they wanted to pierce through the world and explode it. They were filled with an extremely destructive energy shockwave that spread in all directions. Wherever they passed, even the tough bones or the shattered remnants of the bronze altar would be cut into pieces. Not a single one survived.

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

The two defensive techniques on the Sacred Dragon Divine Armor were unleashed without reservation.

Originally, he had wanted to use one, but he did not expect that the Skeleton Blood Emperor's beam attack was not one-time use, but continuous!

He had wasted a Defense Skill that could offset an attack. He had no choice but to add another Defense Skill that could block 90% of the damage to protect himself!

"Big move, right?"

Qin Sheng, who could only take 10% damage, completely disregarded the beam attack. He waved his Wings of the Rain Dragon and charged forward once again. In front of the Skeleton Blood Emperor, the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand slashed violently at his golden pupils.

"Arrogant brat!"

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was enraged by the fact that the Blood Emperor had attacked him without giving him any face.

Thus…

He increased the beam's attack speed and frequency.

Unfortunately.

It was completely useless.

The attack power was right there. It was as much as it was worth. How could it increase?

Without a powerful attack to crush and intimidate, just relying on the speed of attack, the damage of breaking through defense was not high. Unless one could strike hundreds of times in one go and instakill the opponent, the damage was low, and the opponent could easily recover. There was nothing they could do, and it was just a waste of effort.

"Ah…"

Qin Luo was attacking fiercely at the front, not giving the Skeleton Blood Emperor any chance to relax. However, he could not do so at the back. With a scream, Qin Luo Sheng looked over and saw that the names of the two Shield Warriors, Ya Tu and Dan Ya Suhe, had already turned black.

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng's face instantly turned ashen!

Even though he didn't like these guys, they were still players who had entered the dungeon together. Now that they were killed by the BOSS, where would he put his tearful face?

"Holy Dragon Deterrence!"

Now.

He could not care less about anything else. The Sacred Dragon Divine Crown on his head shone brightly, and its center opened slightly. It was as if a vertical dragon's eye had opened, and it looked at the Skeleton Blood Emperor with an imposing manner.

——————

Author’s Note: [Holy Dragon Deterrence] consumes 5000 mana points. When used on a single target, it can force an existence no higher than the Holy Dragon Crown (Legendary) to enter a three-second stun state! Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Holy Dragon Slash] consumes 5,000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. In a very short period of time, seven slashes will be slashed at the target. Each slash will have a fixed damage of 300%. Additional effect of breaking! Cooldown: 1 hour!

[Holy Dragon Shadows Step] consumes 5,000 mana points, + 300% Movement Speed, and greatly increases physical agility. While moving, one can perform extremely difficult body movements! Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 5 minutes!