Chapter 772: Clearing The Game, Obtaining Reward (3)

“Heaven Crushing Strike!”

The Sacred Dragon Sword seemed to have sensed its master's anger. The edge of the sword trembled. Although it did not have three dragon souls like the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and was just short of producing an artifact spirit, it still had a certain level of spiritual awareness and would respond to its master's extreme emotions.

Swish…

The incomparably tyrannical sword slash appeared. It was like an attack that could split the sky apart as it locked onto the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

This was the second time Qin Luo had used this super skill ever since he had learned it, besides killing the Undead Lich. Finally, in his rage, it appeared again.

"Roar!"

When his life was threatened, the skeleton Blood Emperor seemed as if it was targeted by a ferocious beast from the primeval times, and its entire body stiffened while terror appeared in its eyes. At this moment, it wasn’t arrogantly proclaiming itself like I was, and it didn’t even speak before it emitted a despairing roar that was like a trapped beast.

Swoosh…

The Sword Aura flew past and accurately struck the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

There were no exceptions.

Even the Undead Lich, who had absorbed the Moonlight God Stone, obtained the power of the Moon God, and evolved into a legendary existence, could not resist the Absolute Kill Sword Slash. How could the Skeleton Blood Emperor resist it?

A sword passed, and the Skeleton Blood Emperor died!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 50 strengthened Epic Boss—Skeleton Blood Emperor. EXP gained: 1500W + Reputation Points: 8000! '

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the system's prompt ringing beside his ear. Instead, he looked expressionlessly at the location of the Skeleton Blood Emperor.

Nothing!

Nothing!

Just like how he had killed the Lich with his sword, the terrifying Sword Intent was filled with the violent power of destruction. Wherever the sword passed, everything was annihilated!

Among them.

Naturally, that included the Skeleton Blood Emperor!

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng's heart ached beyond measure.

The final boss of Abyss Mode was the first kill!

Just like that, it was gone!

Not only were the equipment and items dropped gone, but even his body was minced into pieces. He didn't even have the chance to collect them!

"…"

Qin Luo waved his Wings of the Raindragon down and stood before Yatu and the others. The nine of them were still stunned by Qin Luo Sheng's peerlessly tyrannical sword, unable to recover from their shock!

"Ah… My equipment, my materials!"

Suddenly.

Mu Mu couldn't help but roar loudly, pulling everyone back to reality.

"So be it!"

Looking at Qin Sheng whose mouth was twitching slightly, Yatu and Sanguine Primrose tacitly did not mention anything about the equipment. Instead, they said, "The situation was critical just now. If not for Brother Weeping Soul saving us in time, we wouldn't have survived!"

After sacrificing Yatu once, even though he relied on the Priest's resurrection skill to revive on the spot, the system's punishment mechanism did not drop him by one level. He only lost 30% of his current level experience value!

However, with the experience of the Skeleton Blood Emperor dying, not only did he make up for it, he even had a surplus. Even though he was heartbroken, it was not unacceptable!

As for Sanguine Primrose…

Qin Luo's gaze was very cold as he looked at Qin Sheng. From the corner of his eyes, he glanced at Qin Sheng, who looked as cold as ever, but in reality, his expression was somewhat unfrozen. With her ice-attribute probes, her black hair that was currently very happy and gentle was inexplicably unhappy!

Now.

Qin Luo shot a fierce glare at Qin Luo. Qin Luo was baffled and had a stunned expression on his face. He did not know what Qin Luo was thinking. He only thought that she was angry because he had made a mistake and lost the first clear of the Boss' equipment and props. He frowned and was a little unhappy. However, he did not explain and just remained silent!

If the two leaders of the team didn't mind, their subordinates wouldn't either!

It was already good enough to earn a bunch of EXP by lying down. If the equipment was gone, so be it. Why would he need a bicycle?

"Thank you!"

The black hair came forward to thank him.

"No need!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression thawed as he looked at the pitch-black, bright, and pearl-like eyes of her black hair. The softness in his heart was touched, but he could only bury it deep in his heart. He did not dare to express his intentions and only said in a gentler voice, "We're all teammates, it's only right!"

Sanguine Primrose was even more displeased, her eyes turning even colder!

Beside her, Mu Mu also pouted for some reason!

"I've got the first clear. I'm submitting it now. The system will announce it next. Do you want to hide your ID?"

Sanguine Primrose coldly asked.

Everyone hurriedly spoke or shook their heads.

How could he miss such a great opportunity to make a name for himself?

This was especially so since they were all celebrities with decent fame. Normal players didn't know about their identities and information. Perhaps they had only heard of the ID's name, but the other guilds knew it clearly. There was no point in hiding it!

"Did this woman take drugs?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little stunned as he looked at the cold and murderous gaze of Sanguine Primrose. He felt a headache coming on.

"D * mn! Is there something wrong with you? I've worked so hard and tirelessly to bring you through the dungeon. Is that all you have? Tsk! It looks like I have to increase my strength as soon as possible and get rid of this crazy woman. Not only is she a wolf that eats people without spitting out their bones, but she's also a f*cking lunatic. I can't afford to serve her!"

Seeing that Qin Luo did not say anything, Sanguine Primrose suppressed the anger in her heart and started to act as the captain.

"Ding! Chinese war zone players, please take note. Chinese war zone players, please take note. Player Sanguine Primrose, Elegant Lotus, Acid Orange, Golden Tulip, Little Lily, Azure Silk, Mu, Wind Walk, Weeping Soul, clear Level 40 dungeon [Bone Mountain]. You will receive the exclusive reward of the team: + 50 of the four attributes, + 2 of Luck, Class-specific equipment * 1! At the same time, their heroic deeds will be imprinted on the Hero Monument for all heroes to admire!"

Ding…

Ding…

Three prompts from the warzone resounded throughout the entire China warzone.

Even if it was a war zone television and not a world television, it was still a big show!

The first clear of a level 40 dungeon was an impressive achievement!

After all.

The current top-tier players were only level 40.

At this time, clearing the Abyss Mode dungeon was simply terrifying!

Why?

After such a long time of understanding, which player in the Fate World did not know how abnormal Abyss Mode dungeons were?

In the past.

Not to mention clearing Abyss Mode at the same level, even clearing Level-10 Abyss Mode (Level 40 to challenge Level 30) had to be considered.

In the end…

The Abyss Mode dungeon wasn’t just a simple increase in monsters’ levels, but their attributes had also increased.

Still.

No matter how hard he tried to believe it, the mainframe would never lie or allow a bug to appear.

So.

There was no doubt about this clearance, even if it was inconceivable.

Of course, after seeing the clearance list, especially the ID "Weeping Soul", all doubts disappeared.

Wash up and go to bed.

What was there to doubt?

Even with Weeping Soul Beast, he couldn’t clear it?

This was a f*cking monster that could fight 10,000 alone and kill a True Dragon!

What was there to be surprised about?

"Sigh, in the future, the dungeon rewards will basically be monopolized by Weeping Soul!"

Some players sighed.

These words.

It was acknowledged by most players.

With Weeping Soul Beast's abilities, it was far ahead of the current players. By the time the players' levels caught up, Weeping Soul Beast was already close to the water tower and had already cleared most suitable dungeons. They could only watch helplessly.

Fortunately.

The Weeping Soul level was now off the charts. Those dungeons below did not have the right to go to the Uniqueness Reward. Otherwise, there was a possibility that they would be eaten by one person and all of them would be rounded up!