Chapter 771: Clearing The Game, Obtaining Reward (2)

The three seconds of intimidation caused the Skeleton Blood Emperor to fall into the same situation again!

The destructive ray that had been spreading out was removed.

Qin Luo Sheng could not be bothered with his two teammates who were already dead and his seven teammates who were in a sorry state. He seized the opportunity and attacked ferociously!

"Holy Dragon Rage!"

Once the attack speed skill was activated, his hands turned into afterimages again.

Three seconds.

Skeleton Blood Emperor's health bar dropped drastically!

"Sweeping the Eight Desolates!"

The rapidly decreasing health points also made the Skeleton Blood Emperor panic. Who would be able to withstand this speed?

The two steel forks were brandished brazenly as vigorous blood-colored sword qi surged in all directions.

"Screw you!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot from the killing. He did not care how ferocious the exploding sword qi was. In any case, with the protection of the Sacred Dragon, 90% of the damage was reduced. He did not believe that this skill could instakill him.

He endured the damage and continued to attack!

This time.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor was at a loss.

This little rascal was totally not playing by the rules!

Who the f*ck taught him this reckless fighting style?

He was simply misleading everyone!

One sword, one sword, another sword!

Like a rabid dog, Qin Luo Sheng refused to let go of the Skeleton Blood Emperor and used brute force to exchange for a significant reduction in health points.

At the same time.

There was also Xiaoxiao assisting from the side. Qing Si and the others were harassing him from the side. The Skeleton Blood Emperor was too tired to resist.

"Soul Blaze!"

His health points decreased bit by bit, and were quickly cut down to 10% by Qin Sheng's explosive output. The golden flames in the Skeleton Blood Emperor's eyes, which had reached the right time, instantly burned fiercely and activated outward, emitting layers of special ripples that were both illusory and real.

"Hiss…"

Qin Sheng, who was relying on his brute fighting style, did not have time to react at all and was hit instantly. He, who originally did not care at all, suddenly gasped under the impact of this special ripple.

"What is this attack?"

An indescribable pain, as if his soul was about to be torn apart, caused Qin Sheng's eyes to bulge out. His eyeballs were filled with endless blood vessels, and large beads of sweat instantly formed on his forehead. His veins bulged out, and he could no longer maintain his flying posture. The Wings of the Rain-Dragon stopped its movements, and its entire person smashed fiercely onto the ground.

"We can't hide anymore!"

A steel fork swung over with great force and accurately struck Qin Luo's body, which had fallen from the sky. Like a baseball, it ruthlessly sent Qin Luo flying and crashed heavily into the huge bone mountain a hundred meters away, stirring up a cloud of dust.

"A good opportunity!"

Ignoring the intense pain coming from his body, Qin Sheng's hands trembled. Seeing that he was covered in dust, he hurriedly released his skill. "Ultimate Healing Spell!"

The light magic that had been upgraded to the extreme easily eliminated all of the DEBUFFs on Qin Sheng's body. In an instant, the soul flame that was used on his soul was completely extinguished!

"F*ck you!"

Qin Luo, who had stood up again, looked at the gigantic figure of the Skeleton Blood Emperor a hundred meters away. His right hand, which was tightly gripping the Sacred Dragon Sword, trembled. His muscles bulged and his veins bulged.

Even a Legendary BOSS had never suffered such a huge loss before. Now that he was tricked by an Ancient BOSS, he almost died on the spot. Not only that, he even implicated two of his teammates and caused them to die. This was too embarrassing!

Swish…

Qin Sheng stood up from the pile of bones and glanced at his health bar. Even though 90% of his damage had been reduced, he had still lost one-fifth of his health bar due to the Skeletal Blood Emperor's steel fork. He had also been sent flying a hundred meters away. The violent impact and the crazy smashing of many skeletons left him with only a little bit of health left. He was really close to being killed.

As the ultimate BOSS of the Abyss Mode dungeon, it was not much different from the real battlefield simulation. Looking at the scene where it would never be destroyed without damaging attributes in the past, it could be seen how easily it was destroyed!

Hence.

The Skeleton Blood Emperor here would not definitely follow the time limit set by the system (50% health, 30%, 10% explosion). Moreover, the aggro system was the same!

Logically speaking.

With Qin Luo Sheng and Xiaoxiao, it was equivalent to him being a player who dealt 99% damage. No matter what, the Boss' aggro would be firmly locked onto him. No matter where he was, as long as he was not out of the aggro range, the Boss would choose him for the first time and chase him to the ends of the earth until one side died or the aggro restriction was removed.

Except.

The real battlefield of Abyss Mode had caused the aggro system to go "crooked"!

Thus…

After Qin Luo Sheng was sent flying a hundred meters away, the eyes of the Skeleton Blood Emperor focused on Qin Luo's teammate!

It was especially so since it had just cast the Resurrection Spell to revive Yatu and Elegant Lotus, who had just died. At this moment, the light energy was abundant, and the green hair that was filled with a holy aura became the target of the Skeleton Blood Emperor!

"Stop!"

Qin Sheng, who was a hundred meters away, watched as the Skeleton Blood Emperor raised its steel fork and aimed its target at the azure hair. His eyes instantly turned bloodshot.

Qin Sheng could ignore the others.

But green hair was not enough!

Although he did not have a close relationship with this woman, every time she appeared, he would feel an indescribable throbbing in his heart.

Qin Luo Sheng did not know if this was the feeling of a first love.

He knew that he wanted to protect her.

Love is humble.

Maybe.

Qin Luo Sheng was also clear that if he wanted to get what he wanted, he would have to woo a goddess like Qing Si, who was definitely a goddess in reality. It was no different from a fantasy story.

Except.

How could a person not have a dream?

How could there not be a woman he liked?

What motivation did that man have?

He had worked so hard to evolve into a "god" and was no longer bound by the secular world. Apart from truly transcending above and not being restrained, could he protect his parents and siblings from his previous self without any other motives?

This.

Perhaps only Qin Sheng himself knew!

"Spatial Jump!"

Accompanied by the furious roar in Qin Sheng's heart, Qin Sheng's body, accompanied by his will, crossed through the obstruction of space and appeared a hundred meters away in front of the azure hair. He used his physical body to block the powerful blow of the Skeleton Blood Emperor on her behalf!

Bang…

Without exception, Qin Sheng was sent flying again.

How could he, who already had low health points, withstand this steel fork?

Instantly.

Health Points were depleted.

"Ding… You are dead!"

"Ding… The Goddess of Life's Blessing is effective. You have been resurrected!"

F*ck!

Qin Sheng, who had revived, was furious.

He had thought that it would be a piece of cake for him to kill an Epic BOSS. Who would have thought that he would die to Le Se?

It was an utter humiliation.

"Courting death!"

Flying in midair, he watched as the skeletal Blood Emperor once more reached out towards the azure threads. This time, Qin Sheng, who no longer had the spatial leap to block the azure threads, was completely enraged.

“Heaven Crushing Strike!”