Chapter 773: Entering The Instance Dungeon, Enhanced Skeleton Blood Emperor

Teleport out of the dungeon!

At this moment.

There was already a sea of people at the teleportation formation.

Everyone.

They were all waiting outside for Weeping Soul and the others to appear.

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng had already expected this move, so he crushed the return scroll in the dungeon, causing the players who were still continuously teleporting from other main cities to the Starlight City dungeon to miss.

"Weeping Soul, Weeping Soul, how about bringing us to the next dungeon? There are still two more times today!"

Mumu whined.

The others also looked forward to it!

Even if he obtained the first clear and the rewards, how good would it be to level up in the Abyss Mode?

Especially with Weeping Soul, they had never experienced the experience of flooding the screen!

"Don't!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused without hesitation.

Damn it.

Are you addicted to eating big households?

The reason why I brought you guys down to the dungeon earlier was because I had an agreement with Sanguine Primrose.

Just because I like being a nanny?

"Then can we go to the level 35 dungeon? No one has gotten the only reward yet!"

If one plan failed, there would be another.

Mu Mu asked expectantly.

"I'm level 48, I've exceeded the limit!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused again without hesitation.

At this moment.

Everyone fell silent.

That's right!

The other party was already level 48 and had surpassed level 35 dungeons by 10 levels. Even if they were to enter a dungeon, they would not be able to get any rewards. Even if they were to form a team, their teammates would not be able to get any rewards!

"Mu Mu, stop bothering Brother Weihun!"

Yatu stood up, stopped Mu Mu, and said to Qin Sheng, "Brother Qin, if you have something to do, then go ahead. We'll do the 35 books ourselves.—Right, when you're free, I'll give you the materials and equipment!"

"Yes, yes, yes. Me too!"

Mu Mu forgot about the dungeon when he heard about the equipment improvement. He raised his hand and shouted.

Then.

It was a complete mess.

"Alright, alright, let's do it tonight!"

Qin Luo Sheng's head was dizzy from the noise and he hurriedly shouted, "See you at the Hidden Dragon Pavilion at eight in the evening!"

With that,

He disappeared in a flash!

Even though it was for the sake of earning materials, he was too enthusiastic. Furthermore, the other party had rushed up to deliver it, afraid that he wouldn't accept it. Or perhaps it was because he had "placed an order" too late and had been arranged to the back. He really couldn't stand the crowd surging with emotions!

“Instance dungeon teleportation, Bone Mountain, Abyss!”

After changing his appearance, Qin Luo was teleported to the dungeon again and entered the dungeon [White Bone Mountain]!

Team mode won the opening round!

Next.

It was his personal mode!

Compared to team mode, individual mode was undoubtedly more difficult, but correspondingly, the rewards would be better.

After entering the instance dungeon.

Qin Luo Sheng first removed his fashion mode and switched back to combat mode. Instantly, his entire body shone with golden light. It was the unique radiance of the [Sacred Dragon Set]!

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

"Summon Ice!"

Two lights flashed, and the pets and mounts were in position.

With his previous experience, Qin Luo mounted Bing Bing in a familiar manner and set off for Bai Gu mountain.

"I didn't think that the White Bone Mountain would become an instance dungeon. This is killing two birds with one stone."

Qin Luo Sheng took out the treasure map. It was the treasure map that had been dropped by Zhang Xin, the seventh regiment commander of the Demon-Buster Army, back in the evil mine of the novice village. The location recorded on the map was this White Bone Mountain.

The reason why they didn't dig earlier was because there were too many people and there was nothing they could do.

Even if this treasure map was his, and clearing the dungeon was basically his credit, no one else had the right to share it.

But money moved people.

Even if there was a small chance, he could not expose his wealth!

To Sanguine Primrose and Yatu, money was not important. Therefore, regardless of whether it was the Hidden Dragon Pavilion or the Food Immortal, even if they were jealous, they would not covet it and would not dare to offend him.

Except.

The treasure map in this fantasy world did not contain gold, silver, jewels, antiques, calligraphy or paintings. Or rather, it was not simply that there were other treasures!

When the time came, they would be jealous and raise their conditions.

Should he change?

Sell it or not?

If he gave her a negative answer, she might not turn hostile on the spot, but she would definitely have a thorn in her heart.

Especially Sanguine Primrose.

Even if this girl was a formidable character, she was still a woman after all. How could this f*cking be peaceful when she had her eyes on her?

To the end.

He was living under the same roof as her now!

"Forget it, I'll just keep a low profile for the time being!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "I've already f*cking handed over the two major chain stores, Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, to your people, Du Qiangwei, to manage. I should be able to numb you a little, right? I have a compromise and a tough stance. If you're a smart person, you should understand my attitude in an instant. Cooperate, everyone wins. Otherwise, we'll split up!"

…

Three hours later!

Qin Luo once again ascended to the summit of White Bone Mountain!

"How f*cking tiring!"

Qin Luo frowned as he looked at the familiar bronze altar.

Along the way, he’d made numerous comparisons!

Be it normal monsters or BOSSes, they were stronger than when the team went for the dungeon. Although they were not much stronger, they were still stronger!

If his subordinates were already like this, as the final BOSS of this dungeon, the Skeleton Blood Emperor would definitely not be any weaker!

In fact.

Previously, Qin Luosheng was still puzzled.

After all, this was an Abyss Mode dungeon, and there was even an exclusive reward. Why was the Skeleton Blood Emperor only an Epic Boss?

Maybe.

The dungeon rewards given by the team were just so-so. Hence, the two points of luck and a piece of equipment were nothing compared to the rewards given by Qin Luosheng previously.

Maybe.

They were waiting for a solo dungeon!

That was true!

Fate Dimension was a game that was extremely free. It was unlike previous games where one had to maintain the so-called balance as much as possible. If it did not work, the GM would forcefully interfere. It was disgusting!

In this magical and beautiful world, as long as you had the ability, it didn't matter even if you stabbed a hole in the sky!

Precisely.

Qin Luo Sheng, this hooligan, was the only one who could reach where he was today!

Rumble…

Just like before, Qin Sheng activated the mechanism "Blood Devil Pearl", shattering the bronze altar and "summoning" the sleeping Skeleton Blood Emperor!

"Which scoundrel dares to trespass into my Holy Region and disturb my slumber?"

Following a deep roar, the Skeleton Blood Emperor appeared.

His appearance hadn't changed, and he was still holding two steel forks, looking cool!

He wore heavy armor and his cloak fluttered behind him.

The crown on his head shone, golden flames rose in his pupils.

It was magnificent and domineering!

"Indeed!"

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye swept across and upon seeing the attributes of this Skeleton Blood Emperor before him, his eyes instantly narrowed as he exhaled heavily.

“You’ve become stronger. Speak… rank!”