Chapter 783: Su Youran Calls

"Morning exercise! Morning exercise!"

Qin Luo rose from his bath and flipped his body over, pressing Du Qiangwei beneath him.

It didn't matter that this woman was completely awake. At this moment, her eyes were spewing fire, and her body was twisting non-stop. She showed signs of resistance and directly forced herself onto him!

Damn it!

Are you kidding me?

You want to escape in my bed?

Dream on!

Another hour passed!

The two of them were already tired from the night and only ended the battle at noon!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

A violent knock sounded on the door.

Du Mingfang, who had been standing guard outside for the entire night and listening to the conversation, was furious. She did not care that she could not afford to offend Qin Sheng (the devil's attitude in the rental house gave her a strong impression). She only wanted her young miss to suffer less. That was why she slammed the door forcefully!

Fortunately.

She was still rational!

Otherwise…

Once he broke in.

Qin Luo Sheng did not mind.

But Du Qiangwei could not even pretend to be an ostrich!

"Woman, you taste pretty good!"

After releasing it to his heart's content, Qin Sheng leaned against the headboard and ignored Du Mingfang's irritation. He stared at Du Qiangwei, who had sat up and left him with an infinitely beautiful and bare back, and smiled evilly!

"Don't forget your promise!"

Du Qiangwei ignored Qin Sheng's teasing tone and only responded with an extremely cold reply.

Yet.

Despite the tone of her voice, her instinctive reaction when she had just escaped from Qin Sheng's lower body could not be faked. At this moment, her delicate body, which had been ravaged, was still trembling slightly. The blush on her face had yet to dissipate, and her entire person exuded an extremely shocking charm.

Unfortunately.

This appearance was enough to make a man fall into an abyss and be unable to extricate himself, yet no one had the right to admire it. Even Qin Sheng, who had fallen into the sage state, had no chance to see it because he had turned his back away.

"Don't worry! I'm not a heartless man!"

Qin Luo extended his hand and caressed Du Qiangwei.

Qin Sheng ignored her struggles and used his warm palm to smooth down her jade-like shoulder to her waist, from her waist to her buttocks, drawing an S-shaped curve as he carefully comprehended this extreme beauty.

"Go… open!"

Perhaps it was because she had regained some strength or some rationality, Du Qiangwei struggled to get up. Wrapped in a custom-made high-end silk blanket, she barely covered her sensitive parts and got off the bed.

"Wait!"

Qin Sheng could not help but shout when he saw that the woman who was still under him was about to leave.

“What? Not enough?”

Du Qiangwei's tone was indifferent.

"That's enough for today!"

Qin Luo had a satisfied look on his face. "Tonight, it's still the same time. I'll wait for you!"

"What… did you… say?"

Du Qiangwei abruptly turned around, her face frosty as she gritted her teeth, her killing intent overflowing. “Qin… Luo… Sheng, are you messing with me? If you dare to break the contract, don’t blame me for risking my life!”

“NO! NO! NO!”

Qin Luo waved his fingers and said seriously, "I have the most contractual spirit! But I'm afraid you've forgotten what I said before!"

Du Qiangwei's expression froze!

"One night, priority purchase rights! Two nights, the highest bid is half price! Three nights, free!"

Qin Luo's eyes were filled with extreme greed. Du Qiangwei's silk blanket could not hide his body at all, revealing a good figure that was half hidden by his clothes and was moving around continuously.

“So, what’s your choice?”

Du Qiangwei remained silent.

Her cold expression crumbled and she looked lost and helpless. However, it only lasted for a few seconds before she returned to her original state.

"…"

Du Qiangwei looked at Qin Luo hatefully but did not reply. She turned around and left.

"Hey, if you don't say anything, I'll take it that you've agreed to it for three nights!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the charming and graceful back of the woman. He had just ended the battle, and now he was itching for action. He could not help but shout, "Don't even think about escaping. If you don't come, I'll go look for you. If you dare to hide, don't blame me for breaking my promise!"

Du Qiangwei's body trembled, and her footsteps quickened as she fled.

…

After Du Qiangwei left.

Qin Qin Sheng pondered for a while on the bed before getting up.

Wash up, rinse out, eat…

After being rebuked for nearly an hour, the dorm room slowly returned.

Qin Sheng nodded in satisfaction when he saw that the messy room had been tidied up by the nanny and the bedsheets had been changed.

As for his message and the charming scene from last night.

Qin Luo was completely unafraid.

Since he was able to do this, Du Qiangwei definitely had absolute trust in him. Moreover, he wasn't the one who would suffer the greatest loss from selling out. At most, his Weeping Soul Beast identity would be exposed, so it didn't matter.

He opened a bottle of red wine and poured himself a glass!

He finished it in one bite.

Then.

Another glass!

"Yes, the taste is quite good!"

It was such a waste of good wine to swallow it like a whale. There was no way Qin Sheng could tell if it was good or bad since he did not know anything about red wine. He would just treat it as a drink.

Leaning against the sofa, Qin Luo took the tablet and entered the official website of the Fate Dimension!

He first looked at the post at the top of the forum.

No surprises.

It was the content of the update!

He skimmed through it.

There were quite a lot of updates. There were more than ten of them, but all of them were minor updates or improvements in the previous functions, supplementary details, and so on!

The only big explosive content was the currency exchange system!

"Wow, this ratio is quite impressive!"

Qin Luo could not help but laugh when he saw the official exchange rate for gold coins.

1: 1!

This was f*cking explosive!

One dollar RMB for one gold coin!

The fall of the Epic stage!

You have to know.

Even though the dungeon system was open, resulting in a huge increase in the production of gold coins, because the players' levels were higher, the amount of gold coins needed to farm dungeons, strengthen, do missions, buy equipment, collect materials…

Thus…

The price of gold coins was also maintained between 1: 6 to 10.

Even at the lowest, one dollar could be exchanged for six gold coins!

And now…

Falling by 500%!

It was simply explosive!

"I wonder if the rich people who bought my 200 million gold coins yesterday fainted in the toilet!"

Qin Luo Sheng gloated unkindly.

One night.

Investment has shrunk by five times.

Damn it, he was really crying his eyes out!

Fortunately.

No one knew that it was Qin Sheng who had done this immoral business. He was a legendary player "revered by all". The famous Weeping Soul could only swallow it down!

He closed the pinned thread.

Qin Luo Sheng casually browsed through the forums and paid attention to the latest news and major events. Then, he was awakened by his phone ringing.

"Beauty Su?"

Qin Sheng was stunned for a second when he saw the words "Sister Su You Ran?!!"