Chapter 780: Life Potion, Enchantment Mark

"Greetings, General Zhonglang!"

Armory.

The soldiers guarding Qin Luo hurriedly saluted when they saw the medal on his chest.

Qin Qin Sheng was not arrogant either and returned the greeting one by one.

Qin Luo entered the Armory. Under the guidance of the Military Mechanic, he slipped around and understood the meaning of this place.

Armory. Armory. The name said it all.

It was where the military’s internal needs were located.

Although Qin Luo did not understand why the armory would be built within a city, far away from the military camp, that was not important. What was important was that he could finally gain something!

For a long time, Qin Sheng had thought that military service was just a "tool" to raise his military rank. Other than that, it had no other use!

Now.

He understood.

Merit points were just like reputation points, they were consumables!

Reputation was not only a form of proof. Only with it could one be qualified to buy shops, houses, and so on. It could also replace money to a certain extent. For example, it could be converted into gold coins in a 1: 1 ratio!

‘ Of course.’

In the past, when gold coins were extremely expensive, this exchange was definitely a pie falling from the sky!

But now.

With the increase in the strength of the players, in addition to the decrease in dimensional damage caused by the opening of the dungeon system, the drop rate of gold coins would increase drastically, and the ratio would also drop drastically. If he used Reputation to exchange for it, it would be pure brain damage.

Even for a reputable person like Qin Sheng, his Reputation for a dungeon was at least tens of thousands. It was impossible for him to be stupid enough to exchange Reputation for gold coins.

Wouldn't it be nice to have his Reputation Points raised to Level 50 and enter the Imperial City? Wouldn't it be nice to buy him like crazy?

Gold coins?

Gold coins were considered poor?

"This is the current stock of our armory. Please choose!"

Qin Sheng followed the Military Officer to the treasury and took the list from him. He looked at it eagerly.

There were all kinds of items on the list!

Talismans, pills, equipment, mounts, pets, skill books, scrolls…

What a hodgepodge!

Still.

Qin Sheng skipped these things directly.

Other than the Skill Book and the scroll that caused his eyes to linger for a while longer, he completely ignored everything else!

Unfortunately.

The Skill Books and scrolls here were all common trash. Even Qin Sheng, who was of slightly higher quality, did not fancy them.

Until now.

How high was his standards?

Skill Books were not special skills and could not be read unless they were at the Epic stage.

If it was a scroll, it could not be used to fuse, retrace, repair, or other special functions.

Formulas, ordinary trash could only produce Gold equipment at best, and could only produce Silver Grade pills at best. What was this?

How could such trash be worthy of his hard-earned military exploits?

“Milord, what other treasures do you have?”

Qin Luo Sheng handed over a money bag discreetly.

Taking bribes.

This was a very despicable thing!

It was also a very shady thing!

But there was no denying it.

This sort of thing happened in any era, and it was extremely common.

Even Qin Sheng himself was not doing this for the first time. Back then, he had bribed Commandant Fang to get the best position in the store!

Still.

The difference was that when he bribed Commandant Fang, the amount of gold coins was pitifully small. But now, the bag of money he stuffed into the Military Officer's hands contained 100,000 gold coins!

"You're too kind, sir!"

After putting on an act of rejecting it, the Military Mechanic accepted it with a smile. Then, he quietly took out a list from his sleeve and handed it to Qin Sheng. "Sir, please take a look. This is a good treasure of our Armory. Normally, we wouldn't take it out so easily. We are also on good terms with Sir. Furthermore, Sir is the hero of our empire. You deserve such treatment!"

"You flatter me! You flatter me!"

With the item in hand, Qin Sheng was excited and wanted to snatch it over. Fortunately, he calmed himself down and pretended to be polite before taking the list from the arms officer.

He glanced over.

The items on the list were revealed!

An Epic Skill Book!

Epic equipment!

An Epic-ranked item!

An Epic pet egg!

An Epic-ranked mount!

There were also super strong blueprints, formulas, scrolls…

‘ Of course.’

There were also the most popular Augmenting Gems at the moment. The mid to low grade ones were on the previous popular list. On this list, there were only Advanced Augmenting Gems!

And spirit crystals.

It was not an ordinary spirit crystal. It was the super strong spirit crystal that Qin Luo Sheng had obtained from the strengthening gift bag. It was a seven-colored, eight-eleven, nine-eleven, nine-eleven, and supreme spirit crystal. It corresponded to strengthening + 7, + 8, + 9, + 10, and had a 10% success rate!

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo had no use for it.

Or rather…

For him, the price-performance ratio was extremely low.

Originally, his success rate of strengthening was already very high. After this dungeon, he obtained the team rewards and personal rewards. With a huge increase in his luck, the success rate was even more impressive.

If he had these special spirit crystals, it would naturally be good.

It was a pity.

If he needed incomparably precious military achievements to exchange for them, then he would be sorry. There were even better things waiting for him, so he couldn’t waste them on this.

This was military merit!

Even if he was a prince, he had to take it step by step. There were no shortcuts!

Choosing and choosing.

Qin Luo Sheng finally had his eyes on two things.

Life Potion: The Spring of Life from the elves. After drinking it, it can greatly improve one's physique. It has magical effects! Price: 30,000 contribution points per bottle!

Enchantment Mark (Assault): Produced by an Enchantment Master. Can grant special abilities (Necklace, Earrings, Ring, Bracelet, Jade Pendant)! Price: 5,000 military merits! (Removeable)

"Sir, I want a bottle of Life Potion and two enchanted marks!"

He endured the pain and shifted his gaze away from the other good items. Qin Sheng had chosen what he wanted and needed the most.

Unfortunately.

Currently, he only had 43,000 military exploits. With the exchange of items, he only had 3,000 left. He couldn't even complete the enchantment mark. It was unbearable!

…

They walked out of the Armory.

Qin Luo quickly made his way to the appointed tea room.

After a swift transaction with Yatu and the rest, there were more than twenty pieces of equipment, a pile of Augmenting Gems, and more than nine-digit gold coins!

"Go! Go!"

When he returned to the Luo Shen Residence, he entered his own forging room. Qin Sheng picked up the steel hammer and prepared to work.

Except.

Before that, he took out the Creation Clan Order and prepared to activate it. At the same time, he sent a secret message to the auction house's manager to start taking action.

Ding… detected that you have the Creation Gang Badge. Activated? '

"Activate!"

"Ding, the Construction Gang Command has been activated. You can go to the City Lord Residence to meet the City Lord and apply to establish a gang. You can also apply for a gang territory!"

"Ding, due to the establishment of the gang token, you have successfully activated the circulation between virtual currency and real currency. Currency exchange system is about to be activated. Do you wish to reveal your ID?"

"Wait a minute, let's not announce it yet!"

"The system will be updated in half an hour!"

After the system's AI replied, it fell silent!