Chapter 781: Creation Order Activated, Currency Exchange System Activated

"Half an hour?"

Qin Luo swung the iron hammer and crushed the returning scroll.

Enhanced equipment?

Enhance your head!

Now was the time to do this?

Qin Luo had run out of the Star Glory City's resurrection point like a rabid dog. He had run into the official auction house and handed over the Construction Gang Order, the set of Enhanced + 10 equipment that had been eliminated previously (the transition suit for the battle against Dragon Abyss), as well as the equipment dropped from the two times he had entered the Bone Mountain dungeon, to the manager!

"Ding! All Chinese war zone players, please take note. All Chinese war zone players, please take note. The Grand Xia's Planet Glory City branch will be auctioned off in one day. The final item to be auctioned is—the first establishment gang token!"

Ding…

Ding…

…

The crazy information bombarded the ears of all the players in the Chinese warzone.

Qin Luo Sheng ignored him.

He quickly hung up all the gold coins on his body on the virtual trading platform. The ratio was lowered a little so that they could be sold as soon as possible.

Other than that.

He rushed to the nine main cities and extracted all the revenue from Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal respectively, leaving only a small portion of the operations.

Then.

He would sell all the gold coins!

"As expected of the big shopkeeper of the auction house who only enters but does not leave the business. He is indeed a thief!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the announcement that was still blasting the warzone channel, as well as the various equipment illustrations posted on it, as well as the black banner with the word "Construction Gang" engraved on it. He was impressed.

Seeing is believing.

This time.

Who would doubt the establishment of a gang order?

Faced with the temptation of the number one gang in the world of fate, wouldn't those big shots go crazy?

Normal players didn't run either.

There was no hope of establishing a gang. However, those extremely powerful equipment were at least at the Epic stage. There were even Legendary stage and Enhanced + 10 super existences. For a moment, his eyes were dazzled.

Ding… Someone in the real world has called. Do you want to quit the game?

Qin Qin Sheng frowned.

"No!"

Call?

Haha!

Besides Du Qiangwei, who else could it be?

He had blocked the communicator in the game and there was nothing he could do. Was he only going to use it in real life?

Was he anxious?

Don't panic!

You'll be even more anxious later!

"The transaction is successful!"

"The transaction is successful!"

"The transaction is successful!"

…

On the virtual interface.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the gold coins that he had hung up on the platform. They were being crazily purchased at an astonishing speed. He felt very comfortable in his heart.

At the same time.

He did not slow down at all as he transferred the transaction amount into his bank account!

If he didn't make a comeback now, when would he?

Once the System announced the opening of the currency exchange system, the price of gold coins would explode instantly. It would be a dream to have such a ratio!

"There are so many rich people!"

Qin Luo was not the only one who hung up the platform. There was also the revenue of the eighteen shops in the nine main cities. He had even put up the gold coins that Yatu and the others had given him to purchase equipment and strengthen his equipment.

How many?

Nearly 200 million!

Such a terrifying amount of goods was not even enough to make a small splash. However, in the face of such a huge market, it really did not cause much of a stir.

Maybe.

Those big shots had been agitated by the establishment of the gang. They were crazily sweeping the goods at this moment. That was why they had such an explosive purchasing speed!

Still.

No matter what.

Qin Luo Sheng had made a killing this time!

A conservative estimate.

At least 2 billion!

Ever since he had determined the direction he was about to take, Qin Sheng had already taken money lightly, but that didn't mean he had no desires!

This was two billion, not twenty!

How many large companies and large corporations didn't have this amount of profit in a year?

Even a woman like Du Qiangwei did not have that much liquidity!

Beep beep beep!

Just as Qin Luo was happily making money, he suddenly heard a dangerous urgent notification sound.

"Ding, something is wrong with your body in the real world. Please leave the game as soon as possible. Please leave the game as soon as possible…"

F*ck!

Qin Qin Sheng was enraged on the spot.

He glanced at the virtual trading platform. Fortunately, there was not much stock left. The rest should be sold out in a minute or two!

The money that was sold could not be transferred to the bank card. It would also be kept in the wallet on the platform. It could be used at any time, transferred away or used for consumption. There was no need to be afraid of losing it.

"Quit the game!"

The anger in his eyes flashed, but Qin Luo went offline on the spot.

After all, they were in someone else's territory. Even if the chances were not high, who knew if Du Qiangwei would lose her mind and do something crazy? Her life was more important.

"Ding, players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note. The Chinese war zone's players have activated Fate World's first Creation Order. Reward received: Gold Coin Conversion Card x1, Reputation + 100,000! The system will be updated in five minutes. This update will last 24 hours and the currency exchange system will be opened. As for the other details, please head to the official website to check! This notice!"

Ding…

Ding…

The announcements in the Chinese warzone rang non-stop. Advertisements kept coming. Before the players could cool down from the boiling oil, another huge piece of news exploded, making all the players in the world dizzy.

Ever since the establishment of the gang order, the currency exchange system, which had been shouted by the masses since the opening of Fate World, had also arrived!

For a moment.

The world was in an uproar!

Everyone spread the news like it was the new year!

There were no gold coins in this world!

This time.

Completely carried away.

From now on, there would be no worries of insufficient gold coins!

How could she not cry tears of joy?

Especially the big shots.

Even though the price of the gold coins market had plummeted, the output was still limited. Under the bottomless hole of the Strengthening System, they paled in comparison and could not keep up with the pace at all. As for the other large organizations, they had to raise so many subordinates, and the various support players who raised the money-burning machines were in the early stages of investment. The gold coins could not wait to be split into two, so the demand was even greater.

Now.

He was finally free!

Anything that could be solved with money was no longer a problem!

…

"What exactly do you want?"

Opening his eyes, Qin Sheng looked at Du Qiangwei, who was still fiddling with the warning signal button in front of his gaming capsule, and said coldly, "Why can you enter my room?"

"I have the key!"

As if she did not see the anger in Qin Sheng's eyes, Du Qiangwei withdrew her slender hand from the warning signal without a care, as if nothing had happened. Her face was calm.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

What kind of godly answer was this?

‘ You have a key?’

Oh!

So what if you have a key?

Is this your house?

I don't even have any privacy, do I?

Tsk!

I am not a slave!

And not a servant!

I didn't sign a slave contract with you!

Can you be any more shameless?

Are you going to fall out with me or are you going to f*cking flip the heavens?