Chapter 787: Gold Coin Conversion Card

"It doesn't matter. After I'm done with this, I'll go ask for guidance."

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and placed the delicate pink skeleton in his hands into his backpack. "This charm of mine has been established by MAX. In addition to my current status as a viscount, the legend of the empire's heroes, and my rank of sixth-rank, I should make use of it no matter what!"

Apart from the White Bone Mountain Sprite, Qin Luo Sheng also found something in his backpack!

[Gold Coin Conversion Card (One)]

Type: Card

Grade: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, discarded, or damaged

Effect: When the real currency and virtual currency are exchanged, the transaction fee will be waived and it can be reduced by 9.5%. (Limited to 10 million per day)

Introduction: A special card for the player who opened the currency exchange system!

Damn!

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked on the spot.

This thing.

How heaven-defying!

You have to know.

When money was exchanged, the transaction fee had to be paid, which was commonly known as tax!

‘ Of course.’

Fate Corporation did not dare to be too greedy. Using real gold and silver to exchange for gold coins did not require any fees, but exchanging gold coins for real money required 5% of the transaction fee!

Don't look down on this 5%, it was already not low. Furthermore, this was a monopoly, and it could be said to be a transaction without capital. The players in the entire Fate World were so huge, and there were so many brick-moving parties. Just this alone was enough for Fate Corporation's profits to surpass a large multinational corporation!

Still.

This had nothing to do with Qin Sheng anymore.

With this special card, he would be able to buy gold without any restrictions in the future. He would not have to pay any administrative fees. Furthermore, when he could exchange for gold coins, he would be able to get a discount of 9.5%. Even if he had a daily limit of 10 million, under the discount, he could still get 500,000 for free!

equivalent.

He did not have to do anything every day. Using 10 million RMB in exchange for 10 million gold coins. As there was no processing fee, there was no loss. Then, he sold the gold coins. Due to the discount, 10.5 million gold coins could be sold for 10.5 million RMB!

It was a transaction without capital!

He earned 500,000 a day!

Damn it!

It was simply explosive!

After putting away this priceless special card, Qin Sheng turned his gaze to the other side.

Life Potion: The Spring of Life from the Elves. After drinking it, it can greatly improve one's physique. It has magical effects! Effect: After drinking it, + 200 points of the four basic attributes, Luck + 5, Charm + 5, Enlightenment + 5, Toughness + 5, Focus + 5, Health Mana Recovery ability + 3%!

There was no need to mention the effects of the Life Potion that was exchanged for 30,000 military merits!

Qin Qin Sheng immediately raised his head and finished it off!

Then…

Enchantment Mark (Assault): Created by an Enchantment Master. Can grant special abilities to jewelry (Necklace, Earrings, Ring, Bracelet, Jade Pendant)! Effect: Can deal 3% additional damage to the target!

Damn!

As expected of an Assault Mark, the effect was too strong!

Don't underestimate this 3%. After all, this was additional damage.

For example.

If one attack took away 1W of the enemy's health points, then with 3% additional damage, the enemy would lose 300 more health points. Very strong!

At the later stages, the stronger one was and the higher the damage, the more powerful the Assault Imprint would be!

The most ridiculous thing was that this was not a one-time deal. If the equipment that had been imprinted on it was eliminated, it could still be dismantled and stored in new equipment.

equivalent.

It would always be effective!

“Enchantment Mark attack, use it on the necklace—Life Prayer!”

"Enchantment successful!"

"Enchantment Mark Assault, effect on the earpiece—Death's Embrace!"

"Enchantment successful!"

Without any hesitation, he placed the mark on the necklace and earring. This time, he received 6% additional damage. Wonderful!

Sigh.

Unfortunately, his military achievements were insufficient.

Otherwise…

If he took down five marks, wouldn’t he have an additional 15% damage!

It was simply explosive!

‘ What?’

There were no jade pendants or bracelets!

Don't you know how to buy it?

Qin Luo had not dropped these two special equipment, but he refused to believe that there were no jade pendants or bracelets in the vast Huaxia war zone!

"Perhaps I should go through the back door and ask Lorraine or General Li to see if I can improve my military merits!"

Qin Sheng did not mind it at the moment, but after learning of the existence of the Armory, his passion for military achievements was immediately aroused.

The good stuff was far from just the Life Potion and the Assault Mark!

There were many similar items, let alone other treasures!

Unfortunately, too many military contributions were required, and there were too few sources of military contributions!

Tsk!

…

He closed his backpack and tidied up his mood. Qin Sheng then removed the Ghost Face and Blood Demon Pearl that had reduced his luck, keeping his luck at its peak at 73 points. After that, he began the long journey of strengthening.

No matter how fast Qin Sheng moved, it would still take a lot of time for him to strengthen dozens of pieces of equipment.

An entire night passed.

Qin Luo Sheng finally finished his work.

"I can't take it anymore! I can't take it anymore! I can't even take it if I have to concentrate all night!"

Looking at the time, it was already 4: 30 in the morning. Without even tidying up, Qin Sheng went offline to sleep.

…

8 a.m.

A series of rapid knocks on the door jolted Qin Sheng awake from his deep sleep. He rubbed his bloodshot eyes, which had not rested well, and angrily opened the door after waking up!

“Something wrong?”

She thought it was Du Mingfang, but it turned out to be Du Qiangwei.

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked on the spot.

This woman.

Wasn't there a key?

‘ Why, now you’re so polite, you know how to knock?’

Or maybe it was.

The price of barging into his room without knocking the previous time scared her!

Tsk tsk…

Unexpectedly, a freak combination of factors had allowed this arrogant woman to develop a good habit. It was really a great merit!

Still.

As a man, Qin Luo would rather Du Qiangwei maintain her usual arrogance. Otherwise, how could he take advantage of her?

"Establishment Clan Order, give it to me!"

Hearing Qin Luo's cold words, Du Qiangwei was displeased on the spot.

Humph.

Men were all big pig trotters.

He wouldn't recognize anyone if he put on his pants!

Bastard!

I'll take it that I was bitten by a dog!

"The conditions remain unchanged!"

Qin Luo Sheng crossed his arms before his chest and looked at Du Qiangwei teasingly. "You should know what I'm talking about!"

Du Qiangwei:…

"I can give you 10% of the profits from Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal!"

Du Qiangwei bit her lip and spoke.

"Hey, hey, that's mine!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "Even if you send a professional team to manage it, it's not worth it for me to give you 30% of the profits. That 30% is just the foundation of our cooperation. Your effort, my retreat, and the agreement we reached! If you want to change the agreement, then we can talk about it!"