Chapter 782: A Chaotic Night

“Something wrong?”

Qin Luo took a deep breath to suppress the anger in his heart and asked coldly.

"Establishment Order!"

Du Qiangwei's words were concise and to the point.

“Any ideas?”

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

"I want it!"

Du Qiangwei's domineering declaration.

“Sorry, that’s it.”

Qin Luo Sheng's sneer turned to indifference as he looked at Du Qiangwei provocatively. "I've already handed it over to the auction house!"

"Give it to me!"

Du Qiangwei remained unmoved.

“Sick?”

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "You don't understand human language?"

“I’m determined to get the first gang.”

Du Qiangwei's eyes were cold and her tone was firm.

"What does that have to do with me?"

Qin Luo shrugged and crossed his arms over his chest. "I don't remember this being part of our contract!"

"I'll buy it!"

Du Qiangwei's tone turned even colder. "Name your price!"

"I said it!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. "The Order of Construction is gone. I've handed it over to the system's official auction house!"

"Name your price!"

Du Qiangwei ignored him and persisted.

“Something wrong?”

Qin Luo was enraged. "I think I've already made myself very clear!"

Yet.

Du Qiangwei ignored him and looked at him stubbornly. The meaning in her eyes could not be clearer.

"Good, good!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed from extreme anger. His gaze shifted to Du Qiangwei. He saw that perhaps she had just exited the gaming capsule and had rushed over in a hurry without having the time to change her clothes. At this moment, she was wearing a long nightgown that was translucent and thin. Not only did it highlight her perfect figure, Qin Luo could even see her smooth skin.

"You want me to make an offer?"

Qin Luo had already tasted the meat once, and the meat in front of him was the ultimate delicacy that he had tasted before. Now that it was presented before him, his body and will were immediately controlled by his desire.

"You, accompany me!"

Qin Luo smiled lewdly as he pointed at Du Qiangwei and said, "Accompany me for one night, and I'll give you priority purchase rights for the Creation Gang Order! Accompany me for two nights, and I'll give the Creation Gang Order to you at half the highest price! Accompany me for three nights, and the Creation Gang Order will be given to you for free! How about it? Isn't it very worth it? You must know that if we build momentum together, the Creation Gang Order can be auctioned off for at least a hundred million! And you only need to sleep with me for three nights to get the Creation Gang Order. On average, this price is over thirty million! This price hasn't disgraced you, right? Sister… Du… Da… Xiao…!"

Bang…

With a loud bang, Du Mingfang, who was dressed in a suit, knocked on the door angrily. She pointed at Qin Sheng and roared, "Bastard, how dare you insult the Miss. I…"

"Retreat!"

However, before Du Mingfang could finish speaking, Du Qiangwei's cold and emotionless voice interrupted her.

"Miss!"

Du Mingfang was stunned. He looked at the expressionless Du Qiangwei and suspected that he was hallucinating.

"Get out!"

Du Qiangwei spoke again.

This time.

Du Mingfang heard it clearly. He no longer doubted whether he was hallucinating.

She bit her lip, hesitating slightly. In the end, she let out an almost undetectable sigh. Then, she glared at Qin Sheng with a murderous look and left the room unwillingly, closing the door behind her.

"Remember what you said!"

room.

Peace returned.

Du Qiangwei's deep, dark eyes glanced at Qin Sheng. Under his incredulous gaze, she took off her dress and removed her veil.

In an instant.

A perfect white jade beauty had appeared before Qin Sheng.

Qin Luo was shocked.

Qin Luo was stunned.

Qin Luo was confused.

Qin Luo's breathing quickened.

Qin Luo and his brother started to salute.

Qin Luo's nose became hot and bled.

"Why? Have you lost your guts?"

Du Qiangwei sneered.

Looking at Qin Luo's unbearable appearance, for some reason, she felt a little carefree.

"Is my figure—not good?"

Du Qiangwei had changed from her cold and aloof demeanor to that of a peerless demoness, a lustful demoness, bewitching and bizarre. Under Qin Luo Sheng's dumbfounded gaze, her face was filled with charm as she gently raised her fair hand and cupped the jade-like breasts in front of her chest. Her red lips were slightly parted as she gently stuck out her tongue.

“Am I—unattractive?”

Her body twisted, she was graceful, like a spirit snake twisting, she was like a demoness charming the world.

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes instantly turned bloodshot.

“Come!”

Du Qiangwei's jade-like fingers curled slightly as she licked her red lips, exuding an incomparably shocking charm. At the same time, her body was slightly bent, and her breath was like orchids as she approached Qin Sheng who was sitting in the gaming capsule.

In an instant.

The woman's unique fragrance assailed Qin Sheng's nostrils, and the weapon that was even larger because it was bowed low occupied his entire eye socket.

Qin Luo's blood-red eyes suddenly burst forth with endless streaks of blood!

"Roar…"

Qin Sheng, who was completely controlled by his desire, roared like a wild beast and crawled out of the gaming capsule like a mad tiger. With a powerful jolt, the thin clothes on his body shattered into pieces. He stepped out of the gaming capsule naked, and with a strong and muscular arm, pulled Du Qiangwei into his embrace.

Hmm! ~ ~ ~

A soft touch and a delicate fragrance, a double attack!

Du Qiangwei's breathing suddenly quickened. Qin Sheng followed suit.

Lowering his head.

The Kiss of the Abyss descended.

Qin Luo Sheng hugged Du Qiangwei as he moved his feet, sticking close to the gaming capsule without separating. He quickly approached the bed and then rolled down heavily onto the spacious soft bed.

Heavenly Thunder Flames!

Extreme Yin touched Extreme Yang!

For a moment.

The lustful voice rose, then became stronger, and then rose again…

The entire room.

Soon, it was filled with endless hormones.

That night.

It was very confusing!

…

The next day.

When Qin Qin Sheng woke up, he did not feel the fatigue from a night of battle. On the contrary, he was in high spirits, as if he had released the pent-up frustrations that he had accumulated for a long time. His entire being felt at ease!

Lowering his head.

He looked at the beautiful woman lying in his arms, still sleeping peacefully.

"This woman, it's so nice to be quiet!"

After taking care of Du Qiangwei's cold and domineering attitude, the current her, who was sleeping, was a little tired. That pair of eyes, that pretty face, and that temperament… were truly adorable.

‘ Of course.’

Perhaps it was because beauty is in the eye of the beholder!

After all.

As the first woman in his previous life and this life, as well as a super fair, rich, and beautiful goddess-level woman, the negative distance between them naturally had a huge impact.

A woman would never forget the first man in her life!

Were men not the same?

Perhaps this was a trap, a honey trap.

But even though he knew Qin Luo, he was not only slightly addicted to it.

This feeling.

It was really addictive. It was hard to extricate oneself from it!

"Oh…"

Her eyelashes fluttered, and Du Qiangwei woke up.

Her mind was still blank from the awkwardness of waking up. She looked a little ignorant and naive. This unique charm made Qin Luo Sheng restless again, especially when his body subconsciously rubbed against hers after she woke up. That soft touch was transmitted over, making it difficult for Qin Luo, who was the man who had risen the most, to resist.

"Morning exercise! Morning exercise!"

——————

< EMPTY >