Chapter 786: Special Object, Pink Skeleton

Qin Luo replied, "Don't even think about it. It's only 10,000!"

“Ah…” Upon hearing that there were only ten thousand yuan, Qin Mingyu couldn’t help but pout. “How can this be! It’s not fair!”

"You're a boy and you're poor. Your sister is a girl and she's going to enter university soon. Of course, you have to spend more money."

Qin Luo waved his hand. "If this wasn't Shanghai, your pocket money would only be a thousand yuan!"

"Don't!"

Instantly, Qin Mingyu’s defense broke and he immediately shoved the bank card into his pocket. “You can’t go back on your words after giving it to me!”

"Alright, it's about time for me to leave!"

After exchanging some pleasantries and laughing with his younger brother and sister, Qin Luo Sheng used his phone to order four gaming cabins. After filling up the addresses, he instructed them to pick up the items. His younger brother, Qin Mingyu, who had long coveted the "Fate Dimension," took over the job. He was so excited that the entire room was jumping around in joy.

"You two can enjoy your life in peace in the future. You don't have to be afraid of spending money. In this card, I will transfer 100,000 yuan to your living expenses every month. If you want to move, go on a vacation. If you don't want to move, play games. In this aspect, let me teach you. It's not bad!"

Qin Luo instructed as he walked towards the door.

"Don't send me off. Go back and rest early! When I have time, I'll come and visit you often!"

Qin Sheng looked at his parents and siblings one by one. He thought for a moment, then instructed, "Oh right, remember, don't show off your wealth. It's fine if you don't have enough money, but don't expose it to others, especially you, Xiao Yu. Don't show off everywhere. It's fine if you make friends, and it's fine if you treat us occasionally, but don't be a spendthrift. Those who make friends with money are not true friends."

"Yes, yes, yes. I got it, Big Brother!"

Xiao Xiao nodded repeatedly.

"As for Shuang'er, you've been quiet since you were young. Now that you've arrived in Shanghai and are about to enter FD University, you can't do this anymore. It's great to have more friends!"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at his sister Qin Shuang'er and said, "Don't be afraid of spending money. I have plenty of money. If it's not enough, contact me. I'll give it to you!"

"Thank you, brother!"

Qin Shuang'er thanked him softly.

"Dad, Mom, let's stop here!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the door and walked out. When he turned around, he saw the four of them looking at him. In their eyes, the uneasiness of suddenly leaving his hometown and entering an unfamiliar environment had subsided quite a bit. He then exhorted, "If there's anything, remember to contact me immediately. Don't take it head-on and don't force it!"

"Alright! We understand!"

…

He walked downstairs.

Qin Luo Sheng immediately saw a man in black leaning against the car.

"Du Mingfang didn't come?"

Qin Qin asked.

"Sister Du, I'm here to serve you!"

The man in black replied respectfully.

"Alright! Send him back to my villa!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes and did not pay much attention to it. He followed the man in black to open the car door and got in.

Ten minutes later.

Qin Qin returned to the villa.

At first glance.

He saw Du Mingfang standing at the door, looking at him with a poker face.

"Why? Are you welcoming me?"

Qin Luo could tell that Du Mingfang was nervous and knew why this woman was here.

"Don't worry! Although your Miss tastes good, it's too late today, so I won't torture her anymore. You don't have to guard against me like you're a thief."

Ignoring Du Mingfang's twisted face, Qin Sheng said, "Remember, tell your young miss that I have an agreement with her. There are still two nights left. Wash up and wait for me tomorrow!"

Kacha! Kacha!

He gritted his teeth.

Qin Luo's back turned cold. He felt a chill in his heart, but he did not mind it.

A contract was a contract!

He had to abide by it, right?

Back in the room.

Qin Luo Sheng took off his sweat-stained clothes and took a shower.

After resting for a while, he locked the door, turned on the air conditioner, and adjusted the temperature before entering the gaming capsule.

After 24 hours of updating, the Fate Dimension had opened once again.

"My Creation Clan Order!"

As soon as he went online, Qin Sheng received a death message from Du Qiangwei.

"One night!"

Qin Luo Sheng replied without another word.

"Let's exchange more money!"

Seeing that Du Qiangwei did not reply, Qin Luo could not help but tease her. "The condition for tonight is the right to buy first! Let's see how the transaction price is tonight. If you can afford that price, the Creation Clan Order is yours!"

He closed the information panel.

After that, he chatted with Ya Tu and Mu Mu for a while before hanging up and blocking everything!

The auction was at 10 AM tomorrow!

There were about twelve hours left!

This time was enough for those big shots to cause trouble!

It was expected.

The first establishment of the Clan Order should be quite impressive!

On the virtual exchange platform, Qin Sheng was grinning from ear to ear as he exchanged the money he did not manage to transfer yesterday into gold coins. The difference of about seven times made him unable to close his mouth!

Qin Luo returned to Luo Shen Residence with more than 60 million gold coins!

Activate! Activate!

Returning to the forging room once more, Qin Luo took out the equipment entrusted to him by Ya Tu and the others one by one and prepared to work!

“Yi, what is this?”

Qin Luo, who was tidying up his backpack, suddenly saw a strange pink from a corner and was instantly shocked.

"Skeleton? Where did he come from?"

Qin Sheng was dumbfounded as he took it out and looked at the mini pink skeleton in his hands.

[White Bone Mountain Fairy]

Type: Spiritual object

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: A sprite born from the spirit of the White Bone Mountain. It is a special life form that absorbs the essence of heaven and earth, sun and moon, and earth, as well as the spiritual force of mountains and rivers. It is about to give birth to spiritual wisdom.

White Bone Mountain Fairy?

Qin Luo suddenly came to a realization.

Wasn't this thing inside the Bai Gu mountain treasure map?

Except.

When he went to the military camp and handed in the mission, didn't he hand over all the excavated items?

Why was it still in his backpack?

Could it be…

This thing was not the treasure that Zhang Xin had buried back then, but the existence of the White Bone Mountain!

That made sense.

Looking at the introduction, it was indeed a natural object born from heaven and earth, born from the White Bone Mountain!

"According to Huaxia's tradition, the so-called sprites are completely demons. Furthermore, they are not spirits formed from earth, wood, and mountain rocks. They are sprites nurtured by a mountain, similar to mountain gods!"

Qin Luo rubbed his chin and guessed, "In other words, this so-called White Bone Mountain Sprite is the soul of White Bone Mountain! Perhaps, the Skeleton Blood Emperor stayed at White Bone Mountain to nurture it and then make some moves. Unfortunately, all his scheming went down the drain and I took advantage of it!"

Sigh!

Unfortunately, he did not know what to do with the good stuff he had obtained. He could only watch helplessly!