Chapter 785: Settling Family

A movie, a feast, a stroll…

This was Qin Sheng and Su Youran's date!

Simple yet romantic!

At the end of the date, Qin Sheng sent Sister Su to her doorstep and agreed to her request for regular contact. At the same time, he obtained her game ID.

Then.

Ignoring Su Xue's coquettishness, refusing to tell her her ID, she mysteriously said, "You'll know when you get online." Then, she coolly left, leaving behind a beautiful girl who stomped her feet coquettishly.

It was 9 PM.

Qin Luo took a taxi and did not return to Du Qiangwei's villa on Mount Xiao. Instead, he went to the neighborhood beside it, the neighborhood where Du Qiangwei had used to settle her parents.

As soon as he entered, Qin Sheng sensed several gazes searching for him.

He beckoned.

A hidden man in black walked out.

Qin Luo Sheng knew that he was one of Du Qiangwei's men. He did not stand on ceremony and ordered, "Tell Du Mingfang to pick me up in an hour!"

"Shengzi, y-you're here!"

With a trembling voice and eyes that did not dare to meet his gaze, Qin Sheng understood.

The parents of his previous self feared him more than kinship.

This could not be helped.

He had been well-behaved his whole life and had never seen the world in the countryside. The impact of being tortured to death by Qin Sheng's violent attitude last time in front of the two elders was no joke.

Plus.

For the past two days, she had been in a state of anxiety and was "invited" to Shanghai by Du Qiangwei's people.

Even though he was fed well and had no physical abuse, his heart was different.

"I know it's hard for you all to accept!"

Qin Luo Sheng deliberated over his words before saying, "The kind are bullied by others, the kind are ridden by others. You've all seen what my family has gone through and what I've gone through. It just so happens that I've had a fortuitous encounter in Shanghai, and I've gotten a big boss who can see through everything."

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the man and woman who had walked out of the room.

The man, fourteen years old, was in junior high. His name was Qin Mingyu, Qin Sheng's younger brother!

The girl was 18 years old. She was waiting for school to reopen after the college entrance examination. Now, Du Qiangwei had arranged for her to be Qin Sheng's sister at Shanghai FD University. Her name was Qin Shuang'er and her maiden name was Xiao Shuangshuang!

"In the future, if I have a younger brother and sister to show respect to the two of you, I might be very busy and rarely come back."

The blood in his body was not fake, and the memories in his mind were not bad either. However, Qin Sheng's soul was still primarily the one that had transmigrated from Earth. It could be considered as another form of 'possession'. Naturally, the feelings he had for his former family members were not as deep and profound as the feelings he had for his previous self.

“But don’t worry. I’ll do my best to satisfy your material needs.”

Qin Qin Sheng took out a bank card from his pocket and placed it on the table. This was what he had taken the time to do on his date with Su Youran. "There's 10 million in this card. Take it, the two of you. You can spend it however you want. You've worked hard your whole life, so it's time to enjoy it. You can even travel the world!"

"This… Shengzi, what exactly happened?"

Motherly love was great. When she saw her eldest son, whom she had placed high hopes on since he was young, become so unfamiliar, even if that nightmarish scene was still flashing in her mind, Mother Qin and Zhou Shu could not help but ask out of concern.

"Mom, don't worry, I'm fine!"

Qin Luo blurted out the word "mom" as if it was imprinted in his soul. "Don't worry, my boss is very capable. The job I'm doing is also done for ZF. However, due to its special nature, it needs to be kept a secret. Don't ask anymore. Otherwise, if I reveal it, I will be arrested for leaking national secrets!"

"Okay, okay, okay. I won't ask anymore." Hearing ZF and the country, Mrs. Qin immediately shut up.

“Shengzi, now that you’ve grown up, I can’t control you.” Qin Fu solemnly said, “But you have to remember that you’re a Chinese, and you can’t do anything that will harm the country’s interest. Otherwise, my Qin Family won’t acknowledge you as our descendant!”

"Dad, don't worry. Never!"

Qin Luo Sheng guaranteed solemnly.

"Fine! You're my son. I've watched you grow up. I believe in you!"

Mr. Qin finally smiled.

"Come, come, come, why are you so serious!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his younger brother and sister who were a little shy and revealed a smile on his face. He took out two more cards and said, "This is my greeting gift to you. From now on, you must listen to your parents and live well in Shanghai. I'll buy this house. The title deed is Dad's name. If you don't want to go back to your hometown, try not to."

"Alright, we'll listen to you!" Mr. and Mrs. Qin looked at each other and agreed.

"Brother, how much money is there in the card? Is there 1,000 yuan?" Qin Mingyu, his younger brother, was a 14-year-old child after all. Although he wasn't heartless, he wasn't that scheming. He took the bank card from Qin Sheng with a smile on his face and asked, "I want to buy a gaming helmet!"

"Buy, buy, buy!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled. "I'll order four gaming pods tomorrow. All of them!"

"Really? Brother, I love you!"

The younger brother immediately jumped three feet high and ran into Qin Sheng's arms.

"Come, Shuang'er, take this bank card!"

Qin Luo Sheng passed another bank card to his shy sister Qin Shuang'er. "There's 50,000 yuan in here. I'll transfer 50,000 yuan to you every month from now on as your pocket money."

"50,000 yuan? Pocket money?"

His sister wasn't the only one whose eyes were wide open. His parents were the same.

In previous years.

They, who ran a small restaurant in their hometown, could only save up this amount in a year.

Now.

This was merely the allowance that his eldest son gave his second daughter, and it was even a month!

"Don't worry, your son is very rich now!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled. "Take this house for example. It costs 18 million yuan to buy it in full. What's a mere 50,000 yuan?"

The four were shocked.

Even the youngest brother, Qin Mingyu, understood the concept of 18 million!

“So, does that mean there’s ten million dollars in this card for real?”

His father, Qin Fu's lips were trembling.

"Of course. Would I lie to you?"

Qin Luo smiled.

"Child, why are you giving us so much money? We don't need it, we don't need it. Take it back and focus on your career!"

Qin Fu handed the card back without hesitation.

"Don't worry! I don't care about this little bit of money."

Qin Qin Sheng said, "Your son is a tycoon now, the kind that's a billionaire. You can spend a mere 10 million yuan as you wish. If it's not enough, I'll give you more!"

Qin Fu:…

Zhou Shu:…

"Brother, brother, how much money is in my card?"

Qin Mingyu hurriedly asked, "Do you have fifty thousand yuan like sister?"

Fifty thousand?

Little brother!

You probably haven't been beaten up by society or experienced the dangers of the world!

Boys.

You still want fifty thousand yuan as pocket money?

Haha!