Chapter 784: Du Qiangwei'S Abnormal Date With Su Youran

"Hi, Beauty Su!"

Qin Luo accepted the call and greeted him playfully.

"HI your head!"

Su You Ran's coquettish voice rang beside his ear. Even if this wasn't a video, Qin Sheng could still imagine the scene of her pouting slightly.

"It's been so long since you last contacted me. Do you still regard me as your friend?"

Su Youran asked, "Also, you didn't even inform me that you were moving. When I went to look for you, the landlord said that you had already moved away. Before you left, you even broke his door. He complained about you unhappily!"

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

This is none of my fucking business!

Du Mingfang was the one who destroyed the door, and she was the one who dealt with the aftermath!

It should be compensation, right?

Besides.

It was definitely more than the market price.

Also, my deposit, the remaining half a year of rent, and everything in the house were all f*cking pocketed by the landlord. This GRD took such a huge advantage, and he still wanted to complain?

Damn!

"Why? Does Beauty Su have an appointment?"

Qin Luo teased, "It just so happens that today's Fate Dimension is updated. I have time!"

"Hmph, how insincere!"

Su Youran snorted. "The game has been updated and maintained, and now you're thinking of a nobody like me? No, if I hadn't called you, you wouldn't even have remembered me! What a heartless man!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Okay, okay, okay. It's my fault!"

Upon hearing these somewhat resentful words, Qin Luo Sheng immediately raised his hands in surrender. "As an apology, how about I treat you to a big meal today?"

"Sure! Sure!"

Su Youran nodded repeatedly in agreement.

"Alright then!"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the time and blurted out habitually, "It's three o'clock now. We'll meet at the Outer Beach Square at four o'clock. Nan Nan and I will be waiting for you at that coffee house!"

"Nan Nan? Who is it? Is it your friend?"

Su Youran asked suspiciously.

“Even you?”

Qin Luo instantly fell silent.

"Hey, hey…"

"Oh, oh, sorry, I got distracted. There's no one else, just you and me. Let's go on a date!"

"F*ck you! Who's going on a date with you? Hmph! I'm taking advantage of you! Why are you ignoring me for so long?!"

"Fine, fine, fine. I apologize for my wrongdoings. Please forgive me and give me a chance to redeem myself!"

"Hehe! It's up to you now!"

"…"

They chatted for a while before hanging up.

Su Youran happily went to do her makeup and get dressed.

And Qin Luo.

However, he sat on the sofa and fell into silence. His entire body was paralyzed, and his eyes were dim, as if all his energy had been drained in an instant!

"Nan Nan, Nan Nan, Nan Nan, where did you go? What happened that day?"

Qin Luo mumbled to himself.

"Why? Why did everyone forget about you except for me? Even Su Youran, who had interacted with you and shared memories with you, completely forgot about your existence? Who… are you?"

Qin Luo Sheng was completely lost.

He knew very well.

Nan Nan was real.

Except.

It was too weird.

This young girl who suddenly intruded into his life, the girl who called him daddy when they met, came like a gust of wind, but also left like a gust of wind. She didn't bring anything, nor did she bring anything away.

But.

No one remembered her, but Qin Luo was the only one who remembered!

"No matter who you are, I will definitely find you. I just want to ask why you left without saying goodbye!"

Nan Nan's identity was fabricated. She was not his neighbor at all. She was the daughter of his distant cousin. Because his parents came to Shanghai for work and got into a car accident, he became the guardian. Everything was fabricated.

Too mysterious.

If this identity was fabricated, perhaps it could also be that he had eyes and hands all over the world, and had great power.

But that was like wiping out everyone's memories, making everyone except him forget about her existence. This was not something that could be explained by the so-called forces, but by supernatural events. With the involvement of mysterious forces, it was a mysterious force that only existed in novels, movies, and movies, and could not appear in the real world!

“Even my constant evolution, from mortal to superman, from superman to god, what else is impossible?”

Qin Luo took a deep breath and calmed his restless heart. "There are too many secrets in this world. It's definitely not as simple as Earth. Perhaps, even Earth isn't that simple. It's just that in my previous life, I was merely a loser and a homebody. I had no right to come into contact with that hidden mystery!"

"Nan Nan, no matter who you are and what your motive is, I believe you. Others may have forgotten about you, but I didn't. Everything else may be an illusion, but the memories of us together can't be fake. Someone who would rather call me daddy would never harm me. You must have your reasons for choosing to leave."

"Perhaps the current me doesn't have the right to come into contact with you and touch your level. However, one day, when I'm strong enough, I'll find you and protect you. I'll let you return to my side without any worries and become the innocent, carefree, gluttonous, gluttonous girl who likes to drink soda, smile sweetly, and call me daddy in a soft voice."

…

"Miss, he went out!"

Du Mingfang lowered her head and walked into Du Qiangwei's study room.

"Where did he go?"

Du Qiangwei did not even raise her head as she focused on the tablet in her hand and dealt with the various reports from her subordinates.

Except.

Her gaze seemed to be focused, but in reality, her focus was not on the screen of the tablet. Instead, it was floating somewhere.

"I'm going on a date!"

Du Mingfang, who had been listening to Qin Sheng's phone, twitched her lips and lowered her head even lower. She did not dare to look at her mistress' expression at all.

As Du Qiangwei's confidant, Du Mingfang naturally understood her Miss's temperament very well.

All these years, no man had ever truly gotten close to his Miss.

Except—

That man!

What a sin!

During the previous raid, he had been prepared to seek cooperation as a Weeping Soul Beast and had even forced Qin Sheng to join his camp. However, it was during that time that an uncontrollable change had occurred.

Her proud mistress had lost her virginity!

And she was forced to lose her virginity.

Miss chose to endure.

It seemed as though he was doing all of this for the sake of his grand plan, for the sake of his ambitions since he was young, for the sake of breaking free from that family, for the sake of breaking free from that man who was the head of the Du Clan and the father of his mistress…

In reality.

Du Mingfang knew very well.

His Miss was indeed very patient, but this was definitely her bottom line.

But Miss really endured it.

Not only that.

He even sought cooperation and gave that damned man a huge convenience that he had never had before. He even took the risk and used his hidden strength to cause several lives. One of them was Lin Mingzhou, a descendant of the Lin family.

This help.

It was beyond the boundaries of so-called collaborators.

Yesterday.

She listened to him for the entire night.

She knew very well.

Miss had changed.

In the end, she still became a woman and was experiencing the mental journey that a woman should experience.

“Who?”

Indeed, when she heard the word "date", her Miss's tone turned cold. She knew that this was her Miss's reaction when she was angry.

"Su Family Organization's Missy, Su Youran!"

Du Mingfang quickly replied.

"It's her?"

Du Qiangwei's expression turned serious as she looked at Du Mingfang, whose head was almost buried in her chest. Her expression changed slightly as she composed herself. She regained her composure and said calmly, "I understand. Don't bother about him. You can leave!"

"Yes!"

Du Mingfang left immediately.

After closing the door.

Du Mingfang let out a deep breath. A cold feeling came from his back. Unknowingly, his back was drenched in cold sweat!