Chapter 788: Du Qiangwei Negotiates Qin Luo'S Evil Intentions

"20%!"

Du Qiangwei added.

"Not enough!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused without hesitation.

"Don't push your luck!"

Du Qiangwei gritted her teeth and directly broke through his defense. She said hatefully, "No one knows better than you just how much potential Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal have. These are two mountains of gold. As long as you don't court death, no one knows how much wealth you can dig out from them. 20% profit, this is an astronomical price. Moreover, this is a small stream that flows for a long time. It's far from what the establishment of the gang can compare to!"

"You're right!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders. Then, he leaned forward and approached Du Qiangwei. When he was less than 50 centimeters away from her, he stopped and looked down at her with narrowed eyes. "The value of the Construction Gang Badge is far inferior, but if this is the first one, then it's enough! Especially the first one in the world, it's not limited to just the Huaxia warzone. You're a smart person, you don't need me to make things clear, right?"

Du Qiangwei:…

“What exactly do you want?”

"What do I want?" Qin Luo Sheng suddenly gave a devilish smile, his cold eyes revealing a devilish glint. Looking at Du Qiangwei's magnificent figure in a dress, his tone was frivolous and ambiguous. "Don't you know what I want?"

"Bastard!"

Du Qiangwei had always been good at dancing. Yesterday, she had just transformed from a young girl into a woman. How could she not know what Qin Luo Sheng was thinking? She had seen that disgusting gaze countless times. However, there was no one who dared to be as unbridled, arrogant, and presumptuous as this man before her. Moreover… he made her helpless!

"That's right, I'm a bastard!"

Qin Luo laughed wildly, looking like a villain who was forcing a prostitute. After laughing, he said to Du Qiangwei in an extremely enticing tone, "Then, Eldest Young Lady Du, do you agree to my suggestion? This is the Fated World's number one gang-building order. As long as you obtain it, your Rose Society will immediately be ranked first in the world. At that time, not to mention the East Imperial Pavilion and the Sky Tyrant Guild that dominates China, even the legendary guilds in the other war zones will have to bow before you. You will become the queen of the Fated World and be crowned under the eyes of everyone!"

"Very tempting!"

Du Qiangwei took a few deep breaths and continuously used her unique calmness to pull herself out from the temptation of Qin Sheng.

If it was in the past, then with Du Qiangwei’s cultivation, it would be utterly impossible for her to fall for such a clumsy trick. However, everyone had a weakness, and Du Qiangwei was no exception. When facing her persistence and seeing that the target she pursued was within reach, it was normal for her to lose her mind.

Fortunately.

At the critical juncture, she realized that she had not fallen into Qin Sheng's trap.

“It seems that I have underestimated you!”

Du Qiangwei broke through Qin Sheng's defense for the second time. She could no longer maintain her cold expression and once again sank into a state of gnashing her teeth.

"You flatter me!"

Seeing that Du Qiangwei had actually recovered at such a critical moment, Qin Sheng lamented in his heart.

This was an open conspiracy!

Qin Luo did not hide anything, and Du Qiangwei knew everything as well. Even so, even if she knew that this was a trap, she had no choice but to jump in. In the end, the bait thrown out by Qin Luo was something she could not refuse at all.

"Thirty percent, I don't want it anymore. I'll give you everything!"

Du Qiangwei was furious to the extreme, and she completely collapsed as she gave the starting price.

“NO! NO! NO!”

Yet.

Even though Du Qiangwei had given up all her profits and the two golden mountains in her hands, Qin Sheng still refused without hesitation.

"Money doesn't matter to me!"

Qin Luo Sheng had an evil smile on his face. His lustful eyes continuously scanned Du Qiangwei's body. His eyes were filled with the flames of desire, as if he wanted to burn her dress to ashes. At the very least, under Du Qiangwei's senses, it seemed as if she was not wearing anything at all as Qin Luo cut through her.

“You should know what I want?”

"I'll get you one!" Du Qiangwei said expressionlessly. "Superstar, flight attendant, female doctor, university student… I can get you any woman you want. All of them are great beauties with great figures and excellent temperaments. Furthermore, they are not just flower vases. They are enough to satisfy your desires!"

"Wow, you know quite a bit!"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised as he looked at Du Qiangwei in disbelief. He really did not expect that this big miss with an extraordinary background in front of him would actually know so much. If this f*cking person said that he had never seen a small movie before and was even a veteran, who would believe him?

‘ Of course.’

It could also be that he was a person who was good at manipulating people and understanding their desires.

Qin Luo's current LSP appearance, combined with his previous identity and behavior, was like a perverted demon?

This was a full set of charming women's encyclopedias, especially those with special statuses that could arouse men's desires. Wouldn't they be considerate?

Unfortunately.

Du Qiangwei still looked at Qin Luo too lightly.

She could tell that Qin Sheng was up to no good!

How could Qin Luo Sheng be charmed by her little scheme?

After all.

It was difficult for one to cross the vast sea, apart from Mount Wu, it was not a cloud!

In reality, there was Nan Nan, Su Youran, Du Qiangwei…

In the game, there were azure hair, moo, azure lamp, bright moon, small lilies, fire bath roses…

They were all surrounded by beautiful girls with at least 90 points, so how could they take a fancy to ordinary plain-looking fans?

Besides.

He had just experienced the beauty of Miss Du, tasted the taste of a goddess, and could eat anything else?

"It's a pity that I've decided on you!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders, his tone firm.

"I say, it doesn't matter if you don't want to accompany me!"

Before the startled Du Qiangwei could reply, Qin Sheng continued, "You've already unlocked my first condition. As long as you pay the same price, the Creation Clan Order will be yours. What are you afraid of?"

"I don't have money!"

Du Qiangwei replied cleanly.

"No money? Stop joking!"

Qin Luo said, "With your status and power, I don't believe you don't have money!"

"Do you think your status is just cash?"

Du Qiangwei laughed coldly. "Furthermore, I still have to support many people. The Rose Society is still a bottomless pit now. They have invested a huge amount and have no income subsidies."

"Tsk tsk, are you trying to scare me?"

Qin Qin Sheng still did not believe him. "With your background, I don't believe that you don't even have the money to squeeze out this bit of money to buy the construction warrant!"

"You don't understand!"

Du Qiangwei suddenly took a deep breath, a complicated look flashing across her eyes. “In short, you just need to know that I don’t have the money to buy the establishment gang order.”

"Could it be that there's something else?"