Chapter 789: The Curtain Of The Auction Begins

"Could it be that there's something else?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression did not change, but he began to ponder in his heart. "Perhaps that's really the case! I originally thought that the foundation of this woman's cooperation was the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal's thirty percent share, and that she had other motives. It seems that what's more important is money, money! If not for that, how could she not even want the reputation that big shots like them care about the most? Sending a professional team to do their best to develop, or to contribute silently. Everything is for money! This makes sense!"

"Alright then!"

Qin Luo Sheng readily agreed and said, "If you want to establish a gang order, I'll give it to you! I won't take advantage of you when you're in danger either. It's still the same condition as before. How about it? It's enough to take care of you, right? Conservatively speaking, it's worth 100 million. You only need to accompany me for three nights. On average, it's over 30 million a night!"

"Dream on!"

Without any surprise, Du Qiangwei directly refused coldly and turned around to leave. “The Rose Society’s strength isn’t sufficient, and they’re utterly unable to bear the reputation of the number one association. A tree that stands out in the forest will be destroyed by the wind. I’d better not be the first bird that’ll be targeted by countless guns!”

"Hey, hey, who told you—I only have one gang-building order?"

Du Qiangwei walked away cleanly, not leaving the water at all. However, just as she was about to turn the corner, Qin Luo's earth-shattering words stopped her in her tracks.

“What do you mean?”

Du Qiangwei turned her head. The fiery look in her eyes made even Qin Sheng shudder.

Qin Luo replied, "The literal meaning, the meaning you understand!"

Du Qiangwei instantly started hesitating and was slightly hesitant!

Qin Luo Sheng knew that Du Qiangwei was weighing the pros and cons and analyzing the gains and losses. Thus, he added fuel to the fire. "You don't dare to take the title of the first association as you're afraid that the big tree will attract the wind and let others take the lead to attract firepower. In that case, compared to the first association that was established a little later, or even the second association that was established at the same time, other than the loss of a title or the rewards given by the system, it's essentially not bad. Are you going to take action?"

Du Qiangwei’s expression changed!

"I'm sure you know better than me what the meaning of a gang is. The reason why the first gang is so popular is not only because of its reputation and system rewards, but also because it can eat the first wave of dividends, the exclusive dividends. As for you, if you continue to build the second gang, you will be able to eat a piece of cake with it. The centimeter market, all the elites in the world will be in the hands of the two gangs, and you can choose as you wish. What's the difference between first and second?"

Da da da…

Just as Qin Luo was still "guiding" her patiently, and Du Qiangwei was about to decide to "sacrifice herself to feed the tiger", hurried footsteps suddenly rang out. At the same time, Du Mingfang's woman's voice rang out, "Miss, don't! This bastard has ill intentions!"

"Interesting!"

Leaning against the door, Qin Sheng crossed his arms across his chest and completely ignored Du Mingfang's murderous gaze. He removed himself from the room like a spectator, watching Du Qiangwei's endless struggles in the sea of bitterness.

He was taking revenge!

He had to take revenge for being coerced by Du Qiangwei as a Weeping Soul Beast, using his parents and siblings from his previous life to force him to join the Rose Society!

The tables had turned!

Who had the heavens spared?

Du Qiangwei.

To think that this day would come!

"Friendly reminder, there is still one and a half hours until the auction. Hurry up!"

Du Qiangwei watched the two women arguing. To be precise, Du Mingfang's expression changed under Du Mingfang's earnest persuasion. She hesitated for a moment before Qin Luo suddenly interrupted.

Hearing that.

Du Qiangwei looked at Qin Sheng with a complicated expression but said nothing. She turned around and left!

"Hmph!"

Du Mingfang did the same and left with Du Qiangwei. However, before she left, she snorted coldly at Qin Sheng.

"Du Qiangwei, you can't escape from my grasp!"

Looking at the backs of the two girls leaving, especially Du Qiangwei, who was already very familiar with her graceful and voluptuous demon body, Qin Luo Sheng looked as if victory was within his grasp. "The identity of hunter and prey is the easiest to turn around! When have you ever thought that such a day would come when you've led a wolf into the house? Now, it's easy to invite a god, but difficult to send one away. You can only watch yourself turn from being a hunter into prey step by step, becoming an object in my hands, at my mercy!"

…

World of Destiny.

Star Glory City.

Today's Star Glory City was the most popular day since the opening of the Fate Dimension.

The entire city was packed with players.

Even so, players from the other eight main cities were still rushing over continuously, all for the sake of participating in this grand event that was about to begin!

Building a Gang Token Auction!

The appearance of the mercenary group system had sped up the game!

But it was far from enough to change the game's structure.

It was possible to establish a gang!

The appearance of a gang would lead to a situation where all the heroes would be divided!

Even though it was already in its embryonic form, many factions had basically divided the nine main cities. Each of them had their own trump cards and fought for resources.

Yet.

This was just a small matter because it was not proper and it was not smooth-sailing.

However, the establishment of a gang could give this title.

It could allow the players to establish a real force, one that was recorded in the official records and had its own territory!

What did this mean?

This meant that the faction would return to the orthodoxy and have a place to stand. They would be recognized and protected by the officials. They would no longer be scattered soldiers and brave warriors. Instead, they would be the overlords of a region!

More importantly.

With the gang's territory, they could set up a wing or branch in the territory, build unique buildings, and study unique products. It could be medicinal pills, talismans, or something else. This could also be considered a benefit. It would give those big shots who invested large amounts of money back a mouthful of blood. Then, they would lure them in and use them to pull wool!

Beep beep beep…

Qin Sheng, who had just come online, received a lot of messages from his communicator.

This time, other than Yatu, the other customers who bought elixirs once a week in his hands also sent messages one after another. There was only one purpose—to establish a gang!

What should he do?

Of course, it was a rejection!

Qin Luo Sheng replied to them one by one. Those fellows also expressed their understanding. No one was an idiot. They would definitely not secretly trade such an important item. They would definitely go to the auction and raise the highest price!

Besides.

They were also happy to win the Construction Faction Order and make a name for themselves in the highly anticipated auction!

Ten o'clock.

At the auction venue.

The venue that could accommodate 100,000 people was already fully seated. All the tickets sent out had been activated, and not a single one was absent.

Under the noise, the highly anticipated auction officially began!