Chapter 793: Terrifying Dragon Tea, A Tea Worth Ten Million Dollars

"This is f*cking because of the big occasion. Even if it's useless trash, there will always be people who need it or are blind in front of a million customers. It looks like there won't be any miscellaneous items in the auction!"

Qin Qin Sheng sighed. "This wave is definitely going to make those fellows who delivered the auction a lot of money. I'm afraid their faces will rot after they receive the gold coins!"

After a while, Qin Sheng completely lost interest.

If he was alone, he would not mind. It was not bad to look around and enjoy Taobao.

But now.

There were three beautiful girls in front of him. Who would be so stupid as to shop in an online store? Wouldn't it be nice to look at beautiful girls?

"I want this, this, and this…"

Qing Si and Su You Ran were enjoying their shopping, so Mu Mu was purely causing trouble. She looked at the hair clip, dress, rouge box… Her eyes were wide open, and there was Qin Sheng, the innocent boy, who had paid the bill. He immediately picked out a dozen items for auction.

"Mumu!"

The result of his recklessness was that even Qing Si could not stand it anymore.

"Alright, I won't look anymore. That's all!"

Qin Luo was still very obedient to Qing Si. Once he opened his mouth, he wouldn't make things difficult for Qin Sheng. However, those who had already been chosen didn't have any intention of giving up. He looked at Qin Luo with a burning gaze, his intentions clear.

"Hai, how troublesome!"

Qin Qin Sheng was speechless. "This is too much, and there's no price. Who can fix this?"

"Then give a price that no one else dares to raise!"

Mu Mu clearly wanted to trick Qin Sheng. How could he give him a chance to escape?

"It's too complicated and meaningless!"

Qin Luo did not have any money. He had already exchanged all his gold coins before the system update. The remaining gold coins that had not been converted to RMB on the virtual trading platform had also been used to strengthen equipment. He did not have much gold coins on him now.

Besides.

He wasn’t an idiot.

Even if he had the money, he could not be played like an idiot!

Besides.

What was he buying?

Should he pay the IQ tax?

Scram!

"Are you a man or not?"

Mu Mu had a look of disdain.

She did not care about money. As a rich lady, she did not lack money for anything. It was just that Qin Sheng had angered her and even had designs on her beloved Sister Qing Si. How could she not take revenge for this?!

"You'll know if it's a man after you try."

Qin Luo Sheng rebutted rudely.

"You…"

Although Mu Mu was innocent, how could she be like a young lady from a wealthy family in such an informative era? She knew nothing. On the contrary, due to the harsh restrictions, she could only surf on the internet. There were many things that many old birds might know more than others. She immediately understood what Qin Sheng meant. Her little face flushed with anger as she said, "…Rogue!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Fine, I was wrong. Can you let me have some peace?"

Qin Sheng, who instantly felt his head hurting, rubbed his temples and raised his hands in surrender.

"Here, your equipment has been strengthened. I'll give it to you now!"

He returned Azuresilk and the equipment that Mu Mu had entrusted to him earlier. Looking at the two of them holding a set of shiny Strengthening + 10 equipment that could not contain their joy, Qin Luo said, "As for the equipment, I won't buy it. This, whether it's an apology or a gift, I'll give it to you!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng took the tea set and began to make tea.

"Hmph, so stingy."

Mu Mu could not help but complain when he saw Qin Sheng's actions.

"Stingy?"

The veins on Qin Luo's forehead bulged as he snorted coldly. "How about I give you 10 million and you won't drink this tea?"

"Dream on!"

Mu Mu immediately refused. "Why would I want your money? If I can get the famous Weeping Soul Beast to make tea for me, what's ten million yuan?"

Qin Qin Sheng stopped talking and focused on making tea.

He instructed the NPC attendant waiting outside the treasure chest to bring three teapots and cups!

Qin Luo made tea one by one.

He originally wanted to finish it in one pot, but he was informed by the System that a pot of tea could only be effective on one person. Furthermore, a pot of tea needed one or two tea leaves. Otherwise, it would not be effective. Tch!

"A layman."

Upon seeing Qin Luo's actions, Mu Mu, who seemed to be born to be antagonistic to Qin Sheng, complained again, "Do you really brew tea all the time? How can you use so many tea leaves? Also, do you think we are water sacks, each of us having a pot of tea?"

"Shut up!"

Qin Luo was instantly enraged. "If you don't drink it, don't regret later!"

"You…"

Upon being shouted at by Qin Sheng, Mu Mu was instantly stunned. Then, his eyes turned red. Fortunately, Qing Si hurriedly pulled her over and comforted her. Only then did she stop a war of words and a 'mountain flood'!

Soon.

The tea was ready.

In an instant.

The fragrance of tea permeated the air, refreshing the mind.

Even Mu Mu, who was determined not to drink, couldn't help but waver.

"Come, try my Terrifying Dragon Tea, it's worth at least ten million!"

Qin Luo said with a faint smile as he pushed the tea before the three beauties.

"Braggart!"

Mumu looked unconvinced.

What tea could be worth tens of millions?

Furthermore, it was just a pot of tea, with only one tael of tea leaves!

"Yes, comfortable!"

She poured herself a glass, blew on it gently and took a sip.

Instantly, a warm sensation slid down his throat and spread throughout his entire body. That warm and comfortable feeling made Qin Sheng involuntarily squint his eyes.

"Ah!"

At this moment, Su Youran, who had absolute trust in Qin Sheng and had been nurtured by the elders in her family and loved to drink tea, could not resist the temptation of the fragrance of the tea and was the first to "drink" it!

With this shout, it instantly exploded!

Su Youran covered her mouth. Her beautiful eyes were wide open. It wasn't clear whether it was because she was excited or because of the unique taste of the Frightening Dragon Tea, but her face was flushed red.

"What's wrong? Is there something wrong with this tea?"

Mu Mu eyed Qin Sheng warily, as if he was looking at a scumbag. No, a scumbag, a scumbag who had mixed "private goods" in his tea and was plotting something.

"Aiya, it's not like that!"

Su Youran was smart enough to see through Mu Mu's thoughts. She panicked on the spot, but she didn't know how to explain. She immediately shared her system notification. "I can't explain it clearly. Take a look for yourself!"

Qing Si and Mu Mu immediately focused their gazes over.

"Ding… you have tasted the Terrifying Dragon Tea. Health Points permanently + 20%, Mana Points permanently + 20%, Health Recovery Speed + 10%, Mana Recovery Speed + 10%, Strength + 100, Constitution + 100, Agility + 100, Spirit + 100, Luck + 2, Charm + 2, Toughness + 2, Enlightenment + 2, Focus + 2! (Only effective for the first time)"

This was…

What the hell was that?

I must be seeing things!

Either he was dreaming!

Thinking.

Qing Si and Mu Mu couldn’t help but rub their eyes, and then rub their eyes.

It was only after she confirmed that she wasn't seeing things or dreaming did she realize that.

It was instantaneous!

Without another word, he picked up the teapot in front of him and poured himself a full cup of tea. He did not care that it was hot and quickly blew on it to cool it down before immediately drinking it.

Then…

They received the same system prompt.

The black hair was still alright, it could still remain stable, at least on the surface.

But Mumu.

At this moment, she had already jumped up like a mad demon. She was like a living lunatic!