Chapter 797: The Clown Is Actually Myself?

No one had expected the first shot to have such a shocking effect.

The entire auction venue was discussing fervently.

The shopkeeper was not in a hurry to proceed to the next item. Instead, he gave them five minutes to rest before restarting the auction!

The next item was also an Epic equipment. It was a shield with strong attributes, but compared to the Moonlight Necklace, there was a huge difference.

Still.

After all, it was also an Epic equipment. It was considered a rare good item, especially since it was a shield. It was the soul equipment of the most indispensable Shield Warrior in the team. Its price was naturally much higher than other jobs' weapons and armor parts.

The passionate bidding began again.

Only this time, only Miao Miao and a few other VIPs in the private room were bidding. The majority of the core VIP seats at the front did not participate and allowed others to bid.

The final transaction price was 830W!

The price was not low. After all, it was just a piece of transition equipment. The 8,300W yuan was enough for a person to live the rest of his life comfortably!

Yet.

Comparisons were always the worst!

Compared to the 320 million yuan from the Moonlight Necklace, this 830W was nothing!

It was also an Epic equipment, but it had been destroyed almost sixteen times. He wondered if the owner of the shield had vomited!

Round after round of competition.

As the shopkeeper's auction hammer fell, the final item, a priest's scepter, was sold for 510W.

The third stage of the auction, which had a total of 26 items, finally ended after an hour and a half.

"Hmph, I'm so angry. If it wasn't for that guy below raising the price, this scepter would have been won at 450W!"

Mumu said angrily.

That's right.

This scepter was obtained by her. Even though she was a fire-elemental Magic Envoy, her hair was a Light Priest. This level 40 Epic Scepter was exactly what her hair needed.

"Yo, you little rich girl, you still care about that few hundred thousand?"

Qin Luo said jokingly.

"What do you know?"

Mu Mubai glanced at Qin Sheng and said, "Although I have money, I can't be a spendthrift. If I can get it at a low price, why do I have to pay more? Besides, a few hundred thousand is not a small sum. It's almost enough for my monthly pocket money!"

Tsk tsk.

Listen! Listen!

What the f*ck was this Versailles speech?

A few hundred thousand yuan was enough for a month's allowance???

Tsk!

Do you have some misunderstanding about the words pocket money?

"Sister Qing Si, this scepter…"

After handing over the auction item, Mu Mu automatically removed it from his backpack. After obtaining the scepter, he handed it to Qing Si as if he was presenting a treasure.

"Alright, let's trade!"

The azure hair didn't reject him, but the money he had to pay wasn't bad.

Her background were much better than Mu Mu's. She was also someone who didn't lack money. It was just that she didn't like to show her face in public. In addition, Qing Zi, this girl who liked to jump around, was here, so she was asked to help her.

"Alright!"

Having known each other for so long, Mu Mu naturally knew Qing Si's temper. It was fine to give her a small gift or something, but these millions of things, even to them, were only about the same as tens or hundreds of dollars in the eyes of ordinary people. However, rules were rules, and they naturally had to know how to get along.

"This scepter should be enough for me to use for a long time!"

The Epic Scepter was not trash to Qin Sheng, but if he wanted it, it would be very simple. He could just purchase a Gold Scepter and perform a Starlight Miracle. Perhaps he would be lucky enough to jump ranks and become a legend.

‘ Of course.’

The miracle of starlight was good, but it had a fatal flaw.

The quality of the equipment determined its attributes.

Unless it was equipment with special backgrounds or other special circumstances, equipment of different grades would be different. For example, at the Epic stage, apart from the basic attribute enhancement, there would be a characteristic and an additional skill. Legend had it that there were two characteristics and two additional skills. The myth was that there were two or three characteristics and three additional skills.

Even though the Starlight Miracle could increase the quality of the equipment, it could not allow the equipment to undergo a 100% qualitative change. In other words, the Starlight Miracle could only increase the basic attributes of the equipment, such as increasing attack power, increasing defense, and so on. However, the characteristics and additional skills were the same as the original equipment and would not change.

"Are you free? Can you enhance my scepter + 10?"

Qing Si held the scepter that she had just received and asked Qin Sheng.

“Are you sure?”

Qin Luo's scalp felt numb.

He had just handed over a + 10 Strengthening Scepter to Cyan Hair. He had just obtained it and hadn't even used it yet. Was he going to eliminate her immediately?

This was a freaking rich man!

"Yes!"

The azure hair nodded and requested a trade from Qin Sheng, handing over the five sets of strengthening materials and the corresponding gold coins.

"D * mn, what is this?"

Qin Sheng was stunned by the extreme behavior of a tycoon. At the same time, he felt a chill in his heart. "Is this the girl I want to pursue? If she acts like this, I'm f*cking done for!"

"Qin… Weeping Soul, I want it too!"

Su Youran suddenly joined the battle.

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched.

Looking at the way the black hair and Mu Mu were looking at her, it wasn't appropriate for her to show favoritism. She immediately told Su Youran about the strengthening requirement and told her not to make a fuss anymore. She would contact her privately later.

After all, she was his "girlfriend" in real life. Couldn't he afford to give her a set of equipment?

"Really?"

However, Qin Sheng had never expected that Su You Ran would not back down after hearing such harsh conditions. Instead, her eyes lit up. "Five sets of materials are so cheap? That's great! You have no idea how much this despicable strengthening cost me!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

Sister, do you have some misunderstanding about my words?

Five sets of materials: Low Level Strengthening 15, Intermediate Level Strengthening Stone 15, Advanced Level Strengthening Stone 15, Spirit Crystals starting from + 4, 28 * 5, and a large amount of gold coins, as well as the starting fee!

After a set.

A conservative estimate would be at least 5 million!

The full set of five pieces was 25 million!

Seriously!

Even an ordinary nouveau riche wouldn't be able to withstand such a price, right?

But Su Youran and Ya Tu, Qing Si, Mu Mu, and Sanguine Primrose wanted a full bag?

F*ck!

How rich was he?

Is there a mine at home?

Damn.

It was really too difficult!

So!

The people around me are all rich!

My sturdy girls are all rich second-generation heirs!

The Clown is actually me!

"What kind of equipment are you?" Qin Luo pressed his forehead and asked with a conflicted expression, "If your equipment is too weak, there's no need to strengthen it at all. It's a complete waste!"

“I’m not really sure. Why don’t you help me with the reference?”

Su Youran said in embarrassment before opening the "permissible" option (allowing others to observe her equipment).