Chapter 796: First Deal

3000W!

3500W!

4000W!

…

The price continued to skyrocket. Soon, it reached the 4,000W mark and was rapidly moving towards 5,000W!

Crazy.

This was insane.

Whether it was the nouveau riche at the auction venue or the other players watching the live broadcast, all of them could not help but feel their scalps go numb.

If this was the fight for the first establishment of the Fated World, they would not have any special thoughts. Even though they would still be amazed and jealous, they would not lose their composure and be so astonished.

Damn it!

Were these guys really calling for gold coins?

Was it really a 1: 1 gold coin exchange rate with RMB?

Not silver coins?

Not bronze coins?

It was too sci-fi!

5000W for an equipment?

What the heck!

"Why? Are you not fighting for it?"

Mu Mu, who had bid at least ten rounds, was finally rejected. She sat on the sofa angrily, her little face full of grievance. At the same time, she kept shooting daggers at Qin Sheng with her eyes.

"I can't win. I have no money. I'm poor!"

It was already very embarrassing to give up. Now that Qin Sheng, this annoying fellow, was mocking him in person, Mu Mu instantly exploded. He shouted in extreme anger, "Hmph, you rotten fellow, you must have arranged quite a number of backup, right?"

Qin Luo was speechless.

Tor?

My foot!

Look for yourself. Which one of those people who were struggling to bid would be someone else's support?

Did he not care about his reputation?

And even asked for it!

"Aiyaya, you guessed it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's desire to perform was very strong, but he really did not have much talent. This extremely exaggerated performance, not to mention Qing Si and Su You Ran, even the dumb Mu Mu could see through it with a glance and immediately gave him a look of disdain.

True.

Qin Qin was not entrusted with anything. He had no intention of doing such a dirty thing.

Still.

He didn't ask for it, but those who were bidding were asking for it!

Was the moonlight necklace valuable?

Valuable!

Very valuable!

But was it worth 5000W +?

A wise man sees a wise man.

Then why was it so expensive?

Other than the "warlike" bidding that the big shots did not want to lose face, there were other reasons!

For example.

He had money. Because the Exchange System was open, he could release his desire to spend as much as he wanted since the Exchange System was opened. It was understandable for him to spend money crazily and take revenge.

This reason belonged to those little nouveau riches. It was impossible for the big shots!

Another example.

Advertisements, this was a huge stage for the establishment of a gang to be auctioned off. With the attention of the world, how could such a great opportunity be wasted?

Did those people who had made bids to protect their homes and IDs really think they were stupid?

They also knew that it was impossible for them to compete with the real big shots. Therefore, the time just now was the time for them to show their faces and advertise. Just like how they gave the other ordinary rich people, they were allowed to bid as much as they wanted!

This was a tacit understanding!

No one could monopolize it!

He wanted to maximize the benefits and satisfy all the classes!

It was also a rule!

This advertisement was the reason why the Moonlight Necklace's value soared.

Blazing Fire Guild, Flaming Old Gun: "5500W!"

East Imperial Pavilion, East Imperial: "6000W!"

Thunder Guild, Mad Thunder: "6100W!"

"6200W!"

"6500W!"

World Club, Hero Butcher: "6600W!"

Dominating Heaven Guild, Martial Emperor: "7000W!"

Chen Juncai from the Golden Tripod Trading Company: "70,500!"

…

The price was raised infinitely.

The group of big shots seemed to have gone crazy. They did not treat money as money and shouted out loud.

Yet.

No one suspected they were yelling.

Apart from the fame and power of these big shots, the most direct display was the constantly updating money rankings that were changing rapidly.

Currently, the number one organization, XX Group, held more than 500 million gold coins!

Crazy.

That was 500 million yuan!

Some large companies might not even have that amount of liquidity. But now, all of it had been converted into game currency?

Besides.

And he was going to spend it to buy a virtual data product?

99% of the people could not figure it out at all. They could not figure it out at all!

500 million!

Not five!

With such a huge sum of money, what else could he do but use it to play games?

One round after another.

Countless onlookers were already numb.

Only the big shots were still tirelessly bidding. Thanks to them, an Epic necklace reached a price that it shouldn't have. The price was close to nine digits—100 million!

In private room number two, East Imperial: "9200W!"

In private room three, Emperor Wu said, "9300W!"

East Imperial: "9400W!"

Emperor Wu: "9500W!"

Let's go!

Let's go!

When the price reached 90 million, everyone gave up. After the show was over, they showed their faces and their reputations were out. It was time to retreat. Otherwise, if they were really taken advantage of and spent so much money to buy a necklace, it would really anger the person behind the scenes to death.

Except.

The others retreated. However, the true god of the Internet, who represented the legend of Huaxia, was still fighting with his life!

One represented China's politics in the north!

One represented China's business in the South!

They might not be irreconcilable enemies, but they were indeed enemies!

Now.

In front of the whole of China and even the whole world, not only was East Imperial and Emperor Wu competing, but the forces behind them were also competing.

At this moment, the person who admitted defeat would be a head shorter, but at least in terms of morale, he would be slightly inferior to the other party. This would also give the people who were watching the competition the wrong judgment, thinking that the party who was inferior to the other party would be weaker.

So.

Even though everyone knew that continuing would be a bottomless pit, they had no choice but to brace themselves and fight head-on!

It was impossible to stop halfway!

"1101 million!"

"103 million!"

"1005 million!"

"110 million!"

"…"

The bidding continued.

Except.

This speed had already become extremely slow. It was obvious that even East Imperial and Emperor Wu couldn't withstand it.

Fortunately.

These two big shots were in their own private rooms. No one else could see their expressions. Otherwise, once it was exposed, it would be very interesting!

"As expected of the Southern Commerce Organization, they are indeed rich. This necklace is yours!"

When the price reached 12,200W, East Imperial chose to give up decisively. While giving up, he didn't forget to send a message to the outside world—he had given up voluntarily. He didn't want to be a fool like Emperor Wu and spend so much money to buy an equipment that was destined to be eliminated!

"Haha, thanks for letting me win!"

How could Emperor Wu not know what was going on in Donghuang's mind? He didn't say anything and just laughed.

Full of mockery!

It was lethal!

"…13200W going once, 13200W going twice, 13200W going thrice, sold!—Congratulations to the owner of private room number two, for buying his beloved treasure!"

The auctioneer's blood was boiling with excitement as the price skyrocketed. His voice became louder.

As the auction hammer fell, the thrilling first auction finally ended.

After 27 minutes, the bids had been called 6944 times. The final price was—102 million!

This data.

Extremely perverted!