Chapter 795: Crazy Bids, Fierce Auction…

Professionals do professional things.

Qin Qin Sheng understood this very well.

Because.

Ever since he handed over the management rights of Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, he had never worried about them. However, the revenue and influence were increasing by the day.

Besides.

This was based on the premise that he did not buy equipment and potions at a low price and used Starlight Miracle to make an exclusive business.

From this, it could be seen that

A professional was much better than a layman!

Now.

It was the same for this auction.

If it had been Qin Sheng who was in charge of it, it would probably have been just a little bit of work under the regular auction. It would not have been as effective as it was now!

"Weeping Soul, do you think this moonlight necklace is yours?"

Mu Mu's eyes were wide open as she asked with her hands on her hips. Her angry expression almost made Qin Luo Sheng bleed.

"Yeah!"

Qin Sheng retracted his gaze and frantically chanted the Heart Cleansing Incantation in his heart to dispel the evil thoughts. Only then did he answer casually.

"Damn it, you're not selling it to me!"

Mu Mu instantly let out a sad cry. Grinding his canine teeth, he roared fiercely, "Are you looking down on me? Are you afraid that I won't be able to afford the money?"

Qin Sheng:…

"You're thinking too much!"

In the face of the great financial backer's inquiry, Qin Sheng's head was also hurting. He comforted, "This was fought in the White Bone Mountain dungeon. After I appraised it, I casually threw it to the NPCs with the Creation gang token. I didn't think so much! Besides, I thought you guys had something better than it!"

"Damn it! Are you doubting my intelligence?"

Mu Mu was furious.

Something better than the moonlight necklace?

This was an Epic necklace. Even top-tier Wasteland Reclaimers like them might not have a full set of Epic equipment, let alone rare accessories.

Besides.

This was an Epic Necklace dropped from a level 40 dungeon, and the requirement was Level 40!

Current.

The level of the first-tier players was just over 40. When they followed them into the White Bone Mountain dungeon, their average level was only 41!

Even if he had an Epic necklace, could he have a Moonlight Necklace that was suitable for his level?

So.

Qin Qin Sheng was obviously being perfunctory, treating her, Miss Mu, as an idiot.

So angry!

"Alright, Mumu…"

Looking at the pained expression on Qin Sheng's face, her fine black hair could not help but tug at the slightly angry Mu Mu, saying, "If you like it, you can bid for it!"

"Hmph, I'll spare you for now!"

Mu Mu snorted and turned her head away. She ignored Qin Sheng and shifted her attention to the auction that was about to begin.

“… Alright, this necklace used to be an accessory of the Moon God. After this humble one’s introduction, I’m sure everyone already understands it very well. Now, I won’t delay everyone’s time…”

The auctioneer shouted, "Moon Spirit Necklace, starting bid is 50,000 gold coins. Each bid must not be lower than 1,000 gold coins. The bidding begins!"

"50W!"

"51W, I bid 51W!"

"Get lost, poor thing. I'll give you 10,000. If you don't have money, don't come out and embarrass yourself. I'll give you 550,000!"

"Hehe, a pauper of 5,500W wants to take this Epic Necklace? Aren't you afraid of laughing your head off!? I'll pay 100W!"

"…"

The reservedness only lasted for a few seconds. The people who were still dressed in delicate clothes immediately removed their disguises and became crazy.

In just 30 seconds, the starting price of a 50W item soared to 500W and increased by ten times!

"F*ck, what kind of price is this?"

"500W, are these guys crazy?"

"Impressive! China lacks everything but rich people!"

"Tsk, a bunch of idiots. Why can't they do 500W for a piece of virtual code equipment?"

"That's right. There's so much money. Can't you show filial piety to your parents? Isn't it nice to buy a house and a car? If there's too much money, there's no place to spend it. Isn't it better to donate it to the children in the mountainous areas?"

"Hey, hey, hey. There are so many bullet screen sages. Does this count?"

"As expected of the Internet, we can meet all kinds of people. I really want to know what kind of NC can say something like that!"

"What are you shouting for? A bunch of useless things. Useless things, parasites, trash…"

"…"

The commotion outside did not affect the heated atmosphere in the auction hall.

One after another, bids were raised.

However…

It seemed like a lively scene, but it was actually just a scene.

Because.

The people bidding now were just some small tycoons. The real big shots had yet to speak.

Three minutes later.

The price had already been raised to a high price of 800W. At this moment, the bottom line of the young nouveau riche was already infinitely close. They could no longer bid anymore and could only bid 102W.

At this moment.

The VIP seats in front moved.

"My Falcon Mercenary Group is here to join in the fun, 1000W!"

A burly man raised his bidding plate high, and his loud voice covered the slightly noisy venue of a hundred thousand people.

Falcon Mercenary Group was currently ranked 56th in the Huaxia Mercenary Group. Their leader, Falcon, was a professional archer. He was able to enter the top 10 in the Archer profession and was very strong!

“My Violent Lion Mercenary Group bids 1,100W!”

Just as everyone was stunned by Falcon's sudden bid of two million, a volcano erupted in the silent VIP seats, as if a bomb had been lit.

The voices of bids rose and fell, causing the hundred thousand people in the venue to fall silent. Everyone held their breaths as they watched the big shots in front of them begin to display their abilities. The figures that exceeded eight digits represented true gold and silver were shouted out just like that, stacking on top of each other…

"What a bunch of smart people!"

Qin Sheng could not help but laugh as he watched the fiery bidding from the VIP box.

Qin Sheng did not think highly of these people at all.

It was not that they looked down on them, but they really did not have the qualifications to obtain the moonlight necklace.

It would have been fine if it were any other equipment, but the Moonlight Necklace was the most suitable equipment for current players. Its attributes were strong, and it was an extremely rare accessory. Those big shots would definitely bid for it.

As for the guilds in China's previous life and many big businessmen, these mercenary groups were completely destroyed in every aspect. Especially in terms of wealth, there was a huge difference. There was simply no way to compare.

Indeed.

After the public bid, the black-hearted VIP seats and VIP rooms closest to the auction stage quickly joined the battle.

At this moment.

The Moonlight Necklace's price had already been raised to 30,000,000!

It crazily refreshed the hearts of those who were watching the live broadcast!

Even Qin Sheng himself had not expected such a high price, and this was not even the end.

"How crazy!"

A new round of "war" was playing out, and one of the participants was even Mu, who was beside him. Qin Sheng could not help but sigh. "…This auction was really worth it!"