Chapter 799: Du Qiangwei Compromised Qin Luo'S Evil Thoughts

Swoosh…

The auctioneer raised his hand without any hesitation. Instantly, the red silk fluttered in the air and the ‘Building Gang Badge 'was reflected in everyone's eyes.

"Establishment Order, starting bid of 3,000,000 gold coins, each bid must not be lower than 100,000 gold coins!"

His words cooled the enthusiastic players.

Some of the players who were itching to make a move also stopped.

Fight?

Fight for what!

Starting from 30 million, who could handle it?

Besides.

This was only the money needed to establish a gang. As for establishing a gang, that was a bottomless abyss. Who knew how much investment one had to invest in it? Moreover, as the number one gang, there would definitely be a pack of wolves surrounding it. Without some strength, who would dare to go up?

"On behalf of the Flying Tigers Mercenary Group, I bid 30,000,000!"

A figure stood up.

Instantly.

With precise guidance, this player named Flying Tiger appeared on the big screen!

Show your face.

What a big show!

Instantly.

Everyone was excited.

The previous bid was only heard by its name and not its owner!

Even though the advertisement was posted, it was still a little lacking.

Now.

He had completed it!

It was time to show his face!

"On behalf of the Flying Tigers Mercenary Group, I bid 30,000,000!"

"On behalf of XX Mercenary Group, I bid 3100W!"

"I'll bid 3300W!"

"On behalf of XX Merchant Alliance, I bid 350,000!"

"…"

At once, the crowd was in chaos.

A group of capable players who knew that they had no hope and did not have the capital to take over the pit started bidding crazily. They advertised, promoted, and… ate the biggest advertising revenue!

Mercenary corps, Merchant Alliance, dungeon corps, mission corps…

There were all kinds of people!

What were dungeon teams and quest teams?

In short,

It was to collect remuneration and bring people to participate in instance dungeons or help others complete quests.

Like mercenaries.

However, this mercenary did not serve the NPCs, but the players!

“My Thunder Guild offers 100 million!”

Not long after, the price was raised to 70 million. Those advertising fellows didn't even eat much of the dividends. Young Master Leiting, who was sitting in booth number eight, couldn't hold back anymore. He opened the door of the booth and showed his face in a high-profile manner. Looking down at the 100,000 people below, he grinned and arrogantly called out a number.

"Yo, Crazy Thunder, don't you remember how to fight? It's only been a few days and you're barking like a dog again?"

Ya Tu, who didn't have a private room, sat in the VIP seats below. He looked at Young Master Thunderbolt and mocked him without giving him any face. "What? You've leveled up?"

Before.

Thunder Crazy Young Master and the Dragon Clan ambushed Qin Sheng, and their plan went bankrupt. The Dragon Clan either died or were captured. As for Thunder Guild, because they suffered heavy casualties, they were attacked by the Elegance Pavilion and the Rose Society, who had rushed over from behind. Together with many factions, they were trapped in the resurrection point under the Death Pit's array formation. Therefore, they were killed countless times until they returned to level one.

After this battle.

The Thunder Guild's strength had dropped drastically, and it had completely withdrawn from the ranks of the top ten guilds. Furthermore, it had been hit by many other factions while it was down, and those who wanted to step on it in the future also killed it one after another. It was extremely tragic.

Yet.

A starving camel was still bigger than a horse!

The Thunder Guild used to be one of the top ten guilds. Even though they suffered heavy losses in the World of Destiny and their siege plan went bankrupt, they did not fall into dire straits.

Even though their influence had been greatly reduced, it was still difficult for them to completely disappear. They had also recovered a bit of vitality in a short period of time.

This…

Thunderclap Guild's leader, Mad Thunder, came out to jump around again!

"I, Young Master Leiting, will never forget the grudge from that day. Just you wait!"

Young Master Leiting's voice was low as he announced his revenge in front of the entire world.

This was also part of his plan.

Even though his reputation had been completely tarnished after the last battle with the Thunder Union, it was undeniable that his reputation had been engraved in the minds of others like it had been passed down for generations.

Even though Weeping Soul Beast was like the midday sun, not everyone liked Weeping Soul Beast.

On the contrary.

There were even more people who hated Weeping Souls!

As the vanguard of the Weeping Soul Beast, he, the Mad Thunder Young Master, and the Thunder Guild would naturally become number one!

If they could make good use of these scattered potential factions, not only would the Thunder Union be able to restore its former glory, it might even be able to surpass the previous factions and compete with the unshakable East Imperial Pavilion and the Sky Tyrant Guild!

"Do you really think you can jump around?"

Yatu sneered. "Let's not talk about other things. Do you think Weeping Soul Beast will let you go?"

"So what if I cry?"

When he heard the ID that was like a nightmare, Young Master Thunder's pupils suddenly constricted. He immediately thought of the place he was at. How could he show weakness in front of so many people? He immediately said stubbornly, "If I can kill him back to Level 0 once, I can do it a second time, a third time… It's just a Weeping Soul Beast. What can it do to me? My Thunder Guild has 100,000 elites waiting for him to come!"

"100 million going once, 100 million going twice…"

The auctioneer was an NPC. Even though his intelligence was extremely high, he adhered to the principles of a businessman. He would not participate in the players' disputes, especially the customers'. He was only doing his job.

"110 million!"

At first, Yatu wanted to say something, but when he heard the auctioneer's bid, he was shocked and quickly called out a bid.

Glimmer (5th Guild, Glimmer Guild's president): "120 million!"

"130 million!"

Butcher Xiong (the guild leader of the seventh guild, World Club): "140 million!"

Dark Walker (President of the Assassin Association): 150 million!

Emperor Wu (the second guild leader of Dominating Heaven Guild): "160 million!"

"170 million!"

…

Coming! Coming!

The big shots started fighting!

In private room number one!

Qin Luo sat calmly on the fishing platform, watching the fish in the pond bite each other.

"I agree to your conditions!"

Sanguine Primrose's icy voice came through the communicator.

"Very good!"

The corner of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth curled up. He saw that the three girls beside him were all attracted by the auction that had entered into a heated battle below and did not notice his side. He secretly replied, "I thought you didn't want it anymore. I was just about to get the auction manager to make a last minute bid and let the second establishment gang order take the place!"

"…"

Sanguine Primrose did not say anything, but Qin Luo could clearly hear her breathing quicken. It was clear that she was angered.

"When will you give me my Creation Clan Order?"

Sanguine Primrose took several deep breaths before regaining her composure.

"You want it? Come and get it now!"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up, revealing an evil smile. "I'm currently in private room number one. The environment is beautiful and the view is wide. Below is a hundred thousand people in a frenzy… How about you promise me that you'll be here for the second time? Tsk tsk, in front of a hundred thousand people, that would definitely be exciting! Other people can't see us, but we can look at them. Especially when you're holding onto a thin glass with both hands, exposing your beautiful body in front of others, your body pressing tightly against it… Just thinking about it makes me so excited that I can't control myself!"