Chapter 791: Entry Revenue, Four Stages Of Auction (2)

The forum exploded.

The livestream that was specially created by the official platform was filled with endless comments. Countless hot-tempered men transformed into Zuan Eccentrics and spoke in a weird tone. All sorts of arguments were going on…

‘ Of course.’

The players from Star Glory City also exploded.

Especially the lucky ones who were lucky enough to be chosen, they were even more surprised and happy. They accepted the envious, jealous, and hateful gazes from the people around them. They felt as if they were in a dream and it was very unreal.

Why?

Because—

"Brother, are you selling the rights to the auction?"

"That's right, sell me, sell me, I'll pay a high price!"

"Brother, can you sell it to me? Please!"

"Get lost, you slut. Why did you seduce my husband? Hubby, give it to me. I want it!"

"…"

Similar scenes were playing out in every corner of Star Glory City.

The lucky person who was selected instantly became the Child of Destiny shining in the starlight. Even the loser who had nothing, the low-level brick-moving gang whose bodies were tattered and could not even gather a complete set of black iron, enjoyed being the center of attention.

Those nouveau riche experts who looked down on them in the past all crowded over to address them as brothers. The young ladies and young wives who usually didn't even look at them were all sweetly calling them brothers and husbands. They were very sweet!

How absurd!

It was so ridiculous!

Everything.

It was because of a qualification.

That was all.

Yet.

Unfortunately, the qualifications that were given out were all bound and could not be traded.

This time.

Countless people were disappointed.

‘ Of course.’

There were so many smart people in the world, they would definitely think of a way.

This…

In the blink of an eye, someone thought of a "shared" method.

What was sharing?

Similar to the bike-sharing and charger-sharing vehicles on Earth.

If I have something, you can pay to rent it!

Here it becomes—

“I have the qualifications. Whatever you want to auction, I will help you. When the time comes, you can pay. At the same time, you can give me a commission.

——————

"The second stage is the premium auction. Compared to the large auction stage, the premium auction stage only has 14,862 items. Only those present are qualified to participate in the auction. Similarly, due to the large number, it will be carried out by the auction's auxiliary equipment for half an hour!"

"The third stage, the cutting-edge auction. All of you will be placed on the auction stage hosted by this humble one and will be auctioned off individually one by one. There will be 26 items auctioned and each of them will be a treasure. Everyone will definitely be satisfied!"

"The fourth stage is the finale auction. There are only eight items for the cutting-edge auction in the third stage. Among them, the Construction Gang Token that everyone cares about the most is also included!"

"The process has been explained, and I believe everyone is getting impatient. Now, I hereby announce that the auction has officially begun! Next, the first stage, the bidding phase!"

Selling hundreds of thousands of pieces of equipment at the same time was a first. Furthermore, it was a million people participating at the same time. More than a billion people watching the live broadcast was simply crazy.

Those who could enter the auction this time were not ordinary goods.

For example, black iron, bronze, and the like, don't even think about it. At worst, silver.

‘ Of course.’

This was limited to equipment, such as skill books, scrolls, and blueprints. As long as it was special enough, it was not a problem.

For these players, Qin Sheng, who had a legendary set, naturally could not see it.

Still.

He also excitedly joined in the search for treasures!

It didn’t matter if they could find something good from more than a hundred thousand treasures. The result wasn’t important. What they wanted was the process of enjoyment, the search for a needle in a haystack, the thrill of bidding against others, the battle of wits and courage to seize treasures…

Beep beep beep…

Yet.

Before Qin Sheng could "join the battle", his communicator rang first.

“Something wrong?”

Qin Sheng smirked when he saw Qin Luo's ID.

"Your condition…"

The cold voice came from the other side. However, after saying four words, it stopped and seemed to be unable to speak.

Qin Qin Sheng did not urge him. He just waited quietly.

"…I agree!"

There was a long pause.

Du Qiangwei's final compromise was heard by Qin Sheng.

"Don't be so reluctant!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes flickered playfully for a moment before he said in a very "jerk" manner, "Look at today's fiery aura and the atmosphere of copying. The transaction price of the Construction Gang Badge will definitely be sky-high. Perhaps, 100 million won't even be enough to cover the bottom! If it's only for you for three nights, the single price might rise to 50 million for one night, or even 100 million for one night…"

Crack! Crack! Crack!

There was no reply from the other side, only a sudden sound of gnashing teeth.

"Besides!"

Despite the chill in his heart, Qin Luo Sheng did not give up on "courting death". He continued, "…Aren't you enjoying yourself too?"

“You bastard…”

Du Qiangwei finally couldn't take it anymore. She cursed and hung up.

"Am I being too much?"

Qin Luo Sheng touched his nose awkwardly.

Although she did not say it explicitly just now, her tone and words revealed that she, Du Qiangwei, was that kind of woman. That kind of woman who made money lying down!

This was indeed a little insulting!

Forget it!

So be it!

Compared to Du Qiangwei's actions and ambitions, what was this little insult?

This woman had long sleeves and was good at dancing. She knew when to yield and when to stand tall. She was even more patient than a man and would not fall out with him over such a small matter.

Everyone was making use of each other. Who could escape from who?

Beep beep beep…

After throwing the matter of Du Qiangwei to the back of his mind, Qin Sheng was about to start his Taobao plan again when his communicator rang again.

"Weeping Soul, where are you?"

When the call connected, Little Chili's voice exploded in his ears.

“Something wrong?”

Qin Luo replied speechlessly.

“Big Sister Qing Si is looking for you!”

Mu Mu said.

"I'm at the auction venue! Private room number one!"

Qin Luo confessed everything in an instant.

"Stupid man!"

Mu Mu was immediately displeased and spat out angrily, "I asked you a perfunctory question, but the moment you heard Sister Qing Si, you immediately became a bootlicker. Why? How am I bad?"

"I don't like little girls!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave him a direct blow. "Especially the inexperienced kind!"

The word 'inexperienced' was emphasized heavily.

Everyone could tell that he was an idiot!

It was called immaturity, but the metaphor was—

Small!

As for small!

Both women and men understood!

“Big Sister Qing Si and I came to find you!”

Mu Mu said angrily before hanging up.

"Right, I seem to have forgotten about this!"

Qin Luo Sheng was just about to put down the communicator when he suddenly slapped his forehead and hurriedly entered the words "Youyou My Heart" to search.

The search was successful.

Add friends and send!