Chapter 798: Taking An Unusual Path

"Hiss…"

Qin Qin sucked in a cold breath.

Su Youran was too amazing!

The entire set of equipment was neat and tidy.

Why?

Not just the five outer rings, but the other rings, necklaces, earrings, capes, belts, wings, masks, all of them. She even had a jade pendant and bracelet that Qin Luo Sheng did not have, even if they were just black iron trash!

But it was better than nothing, right?

Besides.

Not only that, it was also very luxurious!

Six Epic equipment!

Weapons, armor, boots, rings, earrings, and necklaces!

Not to mention the first three out of the five, the last three out of the five were too rare!

You have to know.

The rings, earrings, necklaces, and other accessories had a much lower drop rate than first-rate weapons and armors. Not only did they produce very little, their quality was also lower.

‘ What do you mean?’

It meant that even if they were both Epic items, the quality of the items dropped might be very high. However, when it came to the five items inside, there was a high chance that they would become low-level Epic items and their attributes would be greatly weakened!

‘ Of course.’

Not all of them. There was still a high chance of being treated equally!

"He's really too fucking rich!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared in his heart.

Six epic pieces.

That was a lot!

You have to know.

Epic equipment could only be dropped by Gold-tier Bosses at the lowest level. Furthermore, due to the low level, the drop rate was extremely low and it was very difficult to get it!

Only an Epic BOSS of the same level would have a higher drop rate.

At this stage, anyone who could kill an Ancient BOSS, even if it was a team, was definitely an expert!

Those who could sell them were experts among experts.

Because this meant that he had a better choice, so he sold the inferior ones.

“Did you fight these yourself?”

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

"No, I bought them all!"

Su Youran felt a little embarrassed.

Qin Sheng:…

It was a little impressive!

In such a situation where there were too many monks and too little porridge, Su Youran managed to break out of the encirclement and snatch food from the mouth of a tiger. She "snatched" six Epic items, and three of them were even accessories. It was simply astonishing!

He was indeed worthy of being a "rich" warrior!

"There is no need to strengthen Gold equipment!"

Qin Sheng was speechless for a while before he spoke. After he finished speaking, he realized that he seemed to have been brought into his own subjective thoughts. He added, "Emmm… there's no need to strengthen + 10. Gold equipment is destined to be eliminated very quickly. At most, it can only be strengthened by + 7. We'll just use it first. When the players in the second tier come up and sell it, it should be very popular. Perhaps not only will it not be a loss, but we can also earn a little!"

"Alright, do as you deem fit!"

Su Youran was very obedient and didn't insist.

"These three pieces of Ancient equipment aren't too strong. I'll use them for seven first. When I have good equipment in the future, I'll use them for ten!"

Qin Luo glanced at the three pieces of Epic equipment and shook his head.

This attribute should be a low-level Epic dropped by a Gold Boss without a doubt. The quality was there, and the characteristics and skills that an Epic should have were not bad, but the basic attributes were really weak.

"We'll talk about it later. Let's watch the auction first!"

Su Youran nodded.

At this moment.

After a round of rest, the final auction came.

Qin Luo immediately perked up.

To him, only the goods on the finale auction could enter this grand auction!

‘ Of course.’

More importantly, five of the eight items in the finale auction belonged to him, including the first Founding Clan Order.

This was incredible.

You have to know.

The Moonlight Necklace was sold for a sky-high price of 132 million yuan. Even if they had to compete with each other to get it up, the Construction Auction Order's price would definitely not be lower than this!

Up until now, Qin Sheng had earned nearly 200 million yuan from the auction, along with the ticket money. He was definitely a big winner. However, the show had only just begun. Perhaps, he would be able to obtain the level of his income today just like how he had earned his ticket!

"…After an incomparably intense competition, the three rounds of auction have come to an end. Now, let us officially enter the main theme of today's auction, the finale auction. Next, please take a look…"

The auctioneer roared passionately, stirring the emotions of the audience.

On the incomparably wide screen, eight designs appeared. These were the eight items for the finale auction!

Among them.

In the center of the city, the organization was the center of attention!

Surrounded by dazzling and luxurious equipment, the ugly building order that looked like a piece of metal did not attract any attention.

Yet.

The iron plaque with the two words "Construction Gang" engraved on it was very eye-catching. Not only was the design several times bigger, but it also occupied an absolute C position!

"The establishment of a gang order can be handed over to the authorities as a token, obtain the approval of the dynasty's officials, establish a force that is truly recognized by the officials, apply for the territory of the gang, and be rewarded with a unique gang formula or secret manual due to local conditions… There are many benefits!"

The auctioneer was explaining. Even though it was a well-known fact, everyone present was listening with great interest. No one showed any signs of impatience. "Of course, the most important thing is what all the heroes value the most. This is the first establishment of a gang. Not only will you be able to establish a force that belongs solely to you, you will be able to rule the world and become an overlord. You will also be able to obtain the honor of being the 'Number One Gang in the World' and even receive the support of the empire. After all, His Majesty is kind and generous to the heroes of the alternate realms. He has high hopes for all of you. As the first hero to establish a gang, he will definitely reward you!"

Holy shit!

Awesome!

Qin Luo was instantly convinced.

Wasn't this f*cking feeding Brother Wei to a bunch of LSP?

Number One Gang!

The Emperor's commendation (System reward)!

Who could withstand that?

He looked down.

Indeed.

The eyes of the big shots sitting in front of the VIP seats turned red!

Men!

Awakening to rule the world, lying drunk on the knees of a beauty!

Compared to beauties, power was more attractive to men!

Besides.

With power, would he be afraid of not having beauties?

When that time came, it wouldn’t be a dream to have a harem of three thousand beauties!

"I believe all the heroes are getting impatient. In that case, let's make an exception!"

The auctioneer shouted loudly, "After obtaining the shopkeeper's approval, this should be the establishment order for the final item to be auctioned. Let's adjust the order and become the first item to be auctioned!"

Whoosh…

Instantly.

The entire hall exploded!

Countless people stood up and watched the big screen change. The other seven items that were overflowing with streams of light all disappeared, leaving behind only the Creation Clan Order to occupy the entire big screen!

At the same time.

Dressed in a high cut cheongsam, a classically tall maidservant walked over slowly with a wooden tray covered by red silk.