Chapter 792: Su Youran

"Weeping… Weeping Soul?"

After successfully adding him as a friend, an excited and cute voice immediately came from the other end. "Am I dreaming?—Eh, wait, are you Qin Sheng?"

"Yo, you're pretty smart!" Qin Sheng laughed. "What are you doing?"

"Ahhh… It's really you!"

Su Youran screamed, "You bastard, you hid it from me!"

"Alright, alright. I admit my mistake. I apologize!"

Qin Luo said, "I'm at the auction now. Are you there?"

"No!"

Su Youran complained, "I didn't go to work because I was paying attention. Yesterday, I went out to play with a bad guy like you. By the time I found out, all the tickets had already been snatched away!"

"It's alright. I'm in private room number one. There's still space here. I'll give you permission to enter!"

Since the VIP room was a private room, it definitely wasn’t like the seats in the main hall. Each seat was occupied by one person, and the private room could accommodate up to ten people. It wasn’t that the space wasn’t that big, but if it was crowded, even a hundred people would be able to fit in. But then, was it still a VIP room? Thus, the number of people was clearly limited!

"Alright, wait for me!"

Su Youran was very happy and immediately hung up. It looked like she couldn't wait to come over.

Not long after.

Qing Si and Mu Mu arrived first.

"As expected of the mastermind behind this auction. This privilege is incredible. The number one VIP room can't even be bought with money. Hmph!"

The moment Mu Mu entered the door, he was full of sarcasm. It seemed that he was still angry about Qin Sheng saying "little" just now!

"Come in! Come in!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored Little Chili. Instead, he turned his gaze to Qing Si and welcomed him in with a smile.

"Hmph!"

Such different treatment caused Mu Mu to be angered to the point his nose almost went crooked, and he grunted coldly with an icy cold expression before turning around and saying ‘Out of sight, out of mind’.

"Excuse me!"

Qing Si, on the other hand, was a little embarrassed. With her personality, she would definitely not show such emotions. Of course, she would not agree to a certain man's invitation either. But now that she had done so, coming forward to receive the invitation and seeing Qin Sheng's fiery gaze with her own eyes, her heart stirred slightly.

"Sit, come, sit here!"

Qin Luo Sheng led the two beauties to the place with the widest view and made them sit on the soft magical beast leather sofa. At the same time, he pushed the fruits, snacks that the shopkeeper had given them over.

"Licking dog!"

Mu Mu could not help but snort angrily.

"Mumu!"

Beside him, Qing Si could not help but tug at Mu Mu, a faint blush appearing on her face. Her eyes, which were usually cold and serene, did not dare to look at Qin Luo Sheng.

"How can you call this licking a dog? Heh, is it also called licking a dog to express goodwill to a girl you like?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not conceal his purpose.

A bootlicker?

So be it!

If he could woo a woman like Qing Si, why would he be afraid of being called a bootlicker?

Besides.

And the person who said that was her best friend!

"Ah…"

It was as if it had not expected Qin Sheng to be so direct and unguarded. The green hair exclaimed in surprise.

Beep beep beep…

When he saw that such a cold and noble goddess like Xuan Nv of the Nine Heavens would actually have such a flustered and adorable side to her, Qin Sheng instantly looked at her as if he was a lecherous soul.

If it was in the past, Qin Sheng would definitely not be so weak. But after the ill-fated relationship between him and Du Qiangwei gradually rose, he had tasted the taste of meat, tasted the essence of meat, and was unable to return to the past and return to the pure and ignorant nature of a young man.

That's right.

He had grown!

Be it physically or mentally, it was the same!

"Pervert!"

Mu Mu flew into a rage. Not only did she feel that her best friend was in danger of falling into the jaws of a wolf again, but she also felt as if she had just eaten dog food and had been humiliated. She immediately stood up straight, blocking Qin Luo's and Qin Sheng's black hair in between them, the gaze that made her feel disgusted!

Beep beep beep…

As expected, best friends were f*cking roadblocks.

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched at Mu Mu's reaction. He was about to say something when his communicator rang again.

So it was Su Youran.

He apologized.

Qin Luo Sheng quickly ran out of the auction house to receive the guests. Without tickets, outsiders could not even enter the auction house, let alone the VIP rooms.

"Hmph, scumbag!"

When she saw Qin Luo going out to welcome back a ravishing beauty, Mu Mu could not help but show the characteristics of a little chili, her face full of disdain.

Qing Si's expression didn't look too good either!

"Eh, they are?"

Su Youran couldn't help but look at Qin Sheng.

"Come, let me introduce you."

Qin Luo Sheng felt his scalp go numb. Luckily, he didn't feel too burdened. Mu Mu was just a rich girl who specifically wanted her to cheat him of his money. Qing Si was a goddess, and what he wanted to pursue was just the beginning. He hadn't had the time to pursue her yet. As for Su You Ran, they were friends, so she only had a slight impression of her now.

Since there was no ambiguity or special relationship between them.

So.

How would Qin Luo dare to bear the name "scumbag"?

An introduction.

The ladies finally got to know each other.

"Come, come, come. Let's have something to eat first. The auction is going on right now. See if there's anything you like. I'll pay for it!"

Seeing that the atmosphere was a little awkward, Qin Luo hurriedly said.

"Oh, you said it yourself!"

Mu Mu’s eyes lit up. Even an idiot would be able to tell what she was thinking from her strange expression.

"Alright, I said it!"

Qin Luo Sheng was helpless, knowing that he was about to be scammed.

Still.

It didn't matter anymore.

What good could there be in a large auction?

How high could it be sold for?

Even though there were many people participating in the auction and they had raised the price because of the bloodlust, there was still a limit. And this speed was just a drop in the ocean for Qin Luo Sheng.

To the end.

The third and fourth stages of this auction were mostly provided by him!

If he spent some money here, he could easily earn it back later on.

It was a piece of cake.

"Taobao is just a form of entertainment. Of course, it's the same for things that you like. It doesn't matter if it's practical or noble. It's just that you have an eye for it. It's fine as long as you like it!"

Qin Luo Sheng was also searching for treasures. He did not look at the top-grade equipment at all, but focused on other things. The most important thing was naturally the word "special". After all, there were more than a hundred thousand items in the auction, and there were many that met his search requirements. Unfortunately, it was not Qin Luo's dishes.

What fashionable clothing came from a certain master (player)!

There were no decorative butterfly accessories or P-attribute accessories. Other than some beautiful accessories, they were nothing!

Golden hoe, farming efficiency + 30%!

…

There were all kinds of strange things.

Besides.

It was extremely expensive, but there were still many people bidding.

Simply.