Chapter 794: The First Price: Epic Lunar Moon Necklace

"Ah… comfortable!"

After some excitement, the three girls finally accepted the explosive effect of the Frightening Dragon Tea. They sat on the sofa calmly and began to drink the tea carefully.

The Terrifying Dragon Tea would only take effect after the first cup.

But there was no denying it.

Even if there was no permanent effect, the Terrifying Dragon Tea was still an excellent tea. No, it should be called spirit tea!

Even Qin Sheng, a person who did not like to drink tea, was amazed by its unique taste, not to mention the three well-bred young ladies who had been influenced by it since they were young and had a strong understanding of the Way of Tea.

Qin Luo Sheng was a cow chewing on a peony, a reckless waste of natural resources. He only knew how to swallow a whale and drink. The only thing he could say was' delicious'.

The three girls, on the other hand, were meticulous. Their mental state was extremely high, and they could say a lot of words that Qin Sheng could not understand. They were very professional!

"Sigh, this Dragon Shocking Tea is indeed good, but only the first time can give it a special effect. I f*cking drank it before, but my attributes were weakened by the Dragon Abyss's curse on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. Even if the special attributes were retained by the Scroll of Time, everything else was destroyed. Tsk!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to waste an incomparably precious pair of Terrifying Dragon Tea just to see if there would be a miracle. Unfortunately, there was none!

"Back then, for the sake of the blood of the Dragon God, the Dragon Emperor even interfered in the battle of the Dragon Shocking Platform and secretly traded with me to help me fight against the Dragon Abyss. Maybe he was confident that I was no match against the Dragon Abyss, thus he was extremely generous with his offer. Apart from that, this Dragon Shocking Tea alone costs two kilograms, how filthy rich!”

Qin Luo quietly opened his backpack and looked at the remaining six taels of Dragon Shocking Tea, his heart aching slightly.

The teapot was very small. Logically speaking, such a container would only require a tiny bit of hand manipulation. One tael could brew at least three to five pots. However, the rule here was that one tael was required. Otherwise, only the taste could not give the tea drinker permanent attributes.

"Forget it, I'll just fucking lick it once!"

Qin Sheng shook his head as he looked at Mu Mu, who was grinning from ear to ear, Su You Ran, who had a blissful expression on her face, and Su You Ran, whose hair had been frozen. He tossed the gains and losses to the back of his mind. "How could I not spend a fortune to woo a woman? These girls are not simple. How could ordinary things catch their eyes? This Dragon Shocking Tea is unique and has amazing effects. As the saying goes, one's mouth is short when one eats someone, but their hands are soft. Heh, I'll have to look forward to it in the future!"

A pot of tea each.

All of them were calmly sipping tea, not desecrating such spirit tea at all!

By the time Qin Sheng and the others finished their pot of tea, the second phase of the auction had already ended!

"Weeping Soul, I want more!"

Mu Mu stared at him with her big, black pearl-like eyes and acted cute. Her voice was soft and her coquettish manner was simply intoxicating.

"That's all. Do you think this is cabbage?"

However, Qin Sheng did not fall for it at all. With a dark face, he rejected it mercilessly.

"Hmph, stingy!"

Mu Mu pouted but didn't say anything. She knew very well how precious the Terrifying Dragon Tea was. It was already extremely lucky to be able to drink a pot of it. If she wanted more, she would be greedy.

Besides.

If he continued drinking, he would only be greedy for food. He would no longer have the permanent attribute bonus.

…

"After two tense and exciting rounds of bidding, we will now officially enter the third stage. This humble shop will launch a total of 26 cutting-edge auction items!"

In the four stages, the first two rounds were just to make up the numbers. However, it could be considered as a huge bidding war for the entire country. In terms of influence, it couldn't even be compared to the last two rounds.

Besides.

Not just influence, even profit.

After all.

This was over a hundred thousand pieces, the amount was too great!

"It's finally our turn!"

Mumu was very excited.

She had missed two rounds of bidding because of the Terrifying Dragon Tea. Now, the last two stages of the finale were all good Epic goods. She was naturally very interested.

"Aren't you going to film it?"

Su You Ran couldn't help but ask as she looked at Qin Luo lazily leaning against the sofa, holding a fruit snack and looking uninterested.

"Nothing good!"

Qin Luo said helplessly.

"Hmph, ignore him."

Mu Mu snorted and rolled her eyes at Qin Sheng. "This guy is an arms dealer. Most of the finale auction was provided by him. Of course he's not interested!"

Su Youran was speechless.

Qin Qin Sheng could not be bothered to argue with Mu.

In fact.

He wasn't acting cool, but he really wasn't interested.

Before this, he had already received the list that the shopkeeper had specially given him. There were a total of 34 items for auction in the last two stages, and there was really nothing that could attract him.

"Next, the third stage of the auction, the first item, please take a look!"

Following the auctioneer's impassioned shout, a tall female attendant dressed in a cheongsam carried out the auction item. At the same time, the wide screen immediately revealed the appearance and attributes of the item, allowing everyone present to see it clearly.

Moonlight Necklace

Type: Necklace

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 40

Effect: Constitution + 100, Spirit + 150

Special Effect: [Moonlight] Fighting in the dark night, Attack Power + 30%!

Special Effect: [Moon Spirit] has received the blessing of the moon, obtaining night vision ability, and its night vision range is + 50%!

Additional Skill: [Moonlight] can only be used at night and when there is a moon. Costs 1000 Mana Points and casts on a single target. Moonlight will descend and imprison the target. Duration: 3 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Introduction: It is said to be the accessory of the former Moon Goddess. It received the blessing of the Moon Goddess and was later bestowed as a sacrifice by the Moon Goddess. As a token, it was passed down from generation to generation. During the war between gods and devils, the Moon Goddess fell and the temple was destroyed. The Moonlight Necklace was also missing!

"Hua…"

After seeing the powerful Epic necklace, the rich gamers exclaimed in shock.

Those watching the live broadcast almost had their eyes pop out!

Why was he so surprised?

It was just an Epic!

You have to know.

Before Qin Luo's Coiling Dragon Water was crippled, it was a Mythical treasure that dominated the equipment rankings!

Even if they did not include this level of existence, there were still many Legendary equipment below.

No matter what, it was an eye-opener for the Chinese players!

Except.

The items on the equipment rankings would only reveal their grades, owners, and scores. They would not display their attributes at all.

So.

Even though Qin Luo had a huge pile of equipment on the list, more than 90% of the players had not even seen the true appearance of a truly high-end Epic equipment. It was precisely because of this that they were so surprised and shocked.

This attribute, this special effect, this additional skill…

Compared to his trashy equipment, both men and women cried.

The difference.

It was too big!

They were on completely different levels.

‘ No.’

Or rather, they were not of the same dimension.

"Oh, interesting!"

As he looked at the 100,000 excited players below and then at the excited Mu Mu, the corners of Qin Mu's mouth twitched as he revealed a smile. "As expected of an old fox who has been immersed in this line of work for decades. He knows people well. With this Opening Thunder Strike, he immediately ranked in the top three. How ruthless! He immediately caused such a huge commotion and seized people first. Awesome!"