Chapter 790: Entry Revenue, Four Stages Of Auction (1)

"This money is really easy to earn!"

Qin Luo Sheng, who was sitting in the first guest carriage, looked down at the entire auction hall. The dense crowd made him beam with happiness.

Why?

Money!

It was all money!

Even though this auction was not Qin Luo's exclusive, and the items that were about to be auctioned were at least a hundred thousand items, it was undeniable that the finale was all provided by him. It was also because of this that he could make use of the momentum to achieve the effect of sitting in such an empty seat.

Thus…

In addition, he was a viscount with a sixth rank military rank. He was favored by the Emperor and the military and had a good relationship with the City Lord of Star Glory City, Luo Lin. He might even become the husband of Luo Li…

With all these identities added together, how could the people from the auction house dare to act rashly?

So.

Whether it was real or bootlicking,

The never-before-seen dividend precedent opened for him.

What dividends?

Naturally, it was the seat dividend!

Did they really think that the 100,000 admission tickets were for nothing?

Naive!

It was true that the official pricing would not be too high, but it would depend on one's ability to snatch it.

The government wouldn't care if they sold or participated after the tickets were distributed. They would only recognize the tickets and not the people. As for whether there was a scalper, what did that have to do with me?

‘ Of course.’

It was the same for the ordinary seats.

The VIP seats in the front row were definitely much more expensive and most of them were for free!

To whom?

To those big shots!

For example.

The captain of the top 100 mercenary corps!

The top one hundred experts on the rankings!

He was one of the richest men in the world!

Wait.

Still.

After all, this was an auction house, and its main purpose was to earn money.

So.

The VIP seats could be given, but the most expensive private rooms would be embarrassing.

The price was clearly stated and the customers were honest.

For example, Qin Luo Sheng's private room number one cost a million gold coins!

This was practically snatching people!

Even so.

There were also countless people vying for it!

Unfortunately.

This number 1 was specially left for him by the manager of the auction house. Other people could not get it even if they wanted it, so they could only snatch other treasure chests!

Why was he so crazy, willing to be slaughtered like a pig and pay for his intelligence?

This was not stupidity, nor was it injustice, but shrewdness.

What a joke.

Did he really think that the big boss did not care about money and did not care about cost-effective ratios?

On the contrary.

They were more concerned and shrewd than ordinary people.

He seemed to have spent a large sum of money to book a private room that was not necessary and was purely a prodigal. In reality, not only did he spend money to enjoy it, he even got everything he wanted—under the gazes of everyone, he showed his face, acted like a B, and even advertised!

It was just a million, just a million!

How cheap would it be to advertise at such a grand auction with such a small amount of money?

Seeing them send money to a suite like idiots for a private room and even fight over it, thinking that they were hopelessly stupid, that was really stupid!

For a worldwide advertisement, it was impossible to estimate how much profit it would bring, how much impact it would have, and how much follow-up benefits it would bring!

Qin Sheng was naturally happy to see this.

The more these guys fought over it, the higher his income would be.

Although he only had a 10% share of the ticket money, Qin Sheng was already very satisfied with this.

100,000 seats.

There were 50,000 in the back row, 500 gold coins each, a total of 2500W +!

40,000 in the middle, 3,000 gold coins for one, a total of 12,000W +!

9000 at the front, 10,000 gold coins for one, a total of 9000W +!

One thousand VIPs, free!

20 private rooms, each 100W +, a total of 1900W +! (Qin Sheng himself took one)

In total, it was 254 million. That was 250 million!

Qin Luo Sheng's score was 10%, which was 25.4 million!

The items had not been sold yet, but they had already earned more than 20 million from the tickets!

Explode!

…

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Just as Qin Luo was still immersed in calculating the revenue from the tickets, the curtain of the dark stage was pulled open. Light gathered and a tall middle-aged man walked onto the stage that had been prepared beforehand.

"Greetings, esteemed guests. I am the manager of this auction house. I am honored to have you here…"

It was an official opening statement. Even though it was a bit cliché, it was still very polite. Together with the shopkeeper’s affinity for words, it really made one feel as if they were bathed in spring wind.

"…Esteemed guests, your time is very precious. I will not waste any more time here. Next, I will announce the process and things to take note of for this auction. Please listen carefully!"

Instantly.

Everyone fell silent.

"The auction is divided into four stages. The first stage is the bidding phase. For this auction, I have collected a total of 12,3447 items, including equipment, props, skill books, minerals, medicinal herbs, wood, scrolls… Almost all of the items are included. However, because there are too many items, it's impossible to auction them one by one, so—"

"Therefore, apart from the premium items that are about to be auctioned off, the rest will be auctioned off within an hour. Everyone can use the auxiliary items in your seats to choose and bid for the items that you like. This is a time auction. Once the time is up, you will be successfully auctioned off at the final bid. If you like a certain item, then pay attention!"

"By the way, due to the first phase of the bidding, there are too many items to be auctioned. There are more than 120,000 items in total. Just based on the people present, and because of the time limit, they will definitely be covered in dust. This is very irresponsible to the esteemed guests who deliver them to their profession and entrust them to it."

"Therefore, I have decided to distribute a million auxiliary items to the guests in Star Glory City at random, giving them the opportunity and qualifications to auction. Of course, this auxiliary item can only be auctioned in the first stage. In the next three stages, only you are qualified to participate!"

As the manager said that, not only the players in the auction house, but also the players who were watching the live broadcast started to get excited, especially the players in Star Glory City who were flushed with excitement.

This was a big event that was the focus of attention all over the world. Now, not only could they see it up close, they might even have the right to participate in it personally. Awesome!

"F*ck, that's not fair. Why are they only given to players from Star Glory City?"

"Forget it. They didn't say that it was distributed to the players of Star Glory City. Instead, they distributed it to the players who are currently in Star Glory City. We can only blame ourselves for not joining in the fun and missing the opportunity!"

"Sigh, my head hurts. A million chances, just watching it slip away."

"Stop sighing here. So what if I give you a chance? Is one million a lot? Look at how many players there are in Star Glory City now. They would have been squeezed out long ago. If it weren't for the restrictions, I reckon that at least half of the players in the Chinese warzone would have gone over."

"Eh, that makes me feel better. F*ck, I haven't won a single prize since I was young. I don't even have a chance to win another bottle. A million chances seem like a lot, but compared to 300 million players, the probability is only 300%. Is there a JB use?"

"Don't say anymore, the chief has already shed tears of pain!"

"…"