Chapter 800: The Fashion Roll

"…"

Sanguine Rose was stunned. In Room 12, she imagined the scene that Qin Sheng had described. In an instant, a kingdom-toppling, ice-cold face was flushed red and steaming hot like a boiling kettle.

At that moment.

The astonishing charm she exuded stunned all the Rose Society girls who were represented by the blood-soaked roses!

Iceberg.

It seemed to have melted!

"What are you laughing at? It's so disgusting!"

After teasing Sanguine Primrose, Qin Sheng was in a great mood. Especially when he thought about the scene he had imagined, his blood started boiling and a smile appeared on his face.

Coincidentally.

When Mu Mu saw this suggestive smile, she felt a chill down her spine. She hugged her arms and rubbed them together, as though she wanted to rub off the goosebumps.

"…"

Qin Sheng's lips twitched when he saw Qing Si and Su You Ran being attracted to him. In order not to die on the spot, he decided to play dead!

"200 million!"

Sanguine Primrose: "210 million!"

Yatu: "220 million!"

Light: "221 million!"

Dark Walker: "I quit!"

As a killer, he had seen the light.

Even in the virtual world, it was greatly reduced!

Except.

He still needed some respect.

The scariest thing about a killer was that he appeared and disappeared unpredictably. He would always know about you, but you would never know about him!

Once the killers had a fixed gang territory, wouldn't they become live targets?

At least.

He definitely couldn't join the first gang. Otherwise, how could he survive if he became the target of public criticism?

Forget about taking care of business, it would be good enough if those regular customers didn't join forces to destroy the Black Tower!

Now.

Now that the advertisement was done, it was time to retire!

"222 million!"

No one was surprised by the Black Tower's withdrawal.

Everyone knew the Dark Walker's motive.

All the big shots present never treated him as an opponent and continued to compete.

Butcher Xiong: "223 million!"

Emperor Wu: "230 million!"

Under everyone's stupefied gazes, the price started from Mad Thunder to over 100 million, then from Mad Thunder to over 200 million, and now it had already soared to 230 million!

Here.

Even the big shots began to struggle.

This was more than 200 million yuan. It was really gold and silver. It was two million yuan, twenty million yuan!

Don't look at the so-called richest people in a certain area. They had assets worth tens of billions or even hundreds of billions. Those were just assets, stocks, and industries combined together, not cash flow!

Most of the time, cash was king!

Like now.

Even with the support of the mastermind, raising two to three hundred million in a day was already the limit.

Some of them had even lost their cash. If they did not make up for it in time, they might not even be able to pay their employees next month's salary.

Hence.

From the previous 10,000,000 bid to the current 1,000,000 bid, if not for the fact that the bid was no lower than 1,000,000 each time, the bid might have been even lower.

It was not that it was not big, but he really had no money!

Initially, he had already overestimated it and charged quite a bit. However, he did not expect the auction to be so violent and increase the selling price by at least 20%!

He had no choice.

He had to bite the bullet!

The establishment of a gang was very fragrant. This worldwide advertisement was also very fragrant.

Even if he knew it was a trap, he could not reject it at all!

This was especially true for Young Master Thunder. On one hand, he was cursing Qin Sheng, the owner of the Jian Gang. On the other hand, he had no choice but to shout out his price with tears in his eyes. He was giving money to his enemy, but he was also afraid that he wouldn't be able to give it away!

This feeling.

Seriously!

"I quit!"

"Me too!"

"Crazy! Crazy! One by one!"

"I give up. You guys are rich, go ahead. I won't play with you anymore!"

"…"

When the bid reached 270 million, all the big shots started to retreat!

For now.

Only East Imperial, Emperor Wu, Ya Tu, and a few other merchant associations were still bidding!

After another round of bidding.

Yatu left regretfully.

The Elegance Pavilion was originally ranked fourth among the top ten guilds. Because it had connected to Qin Sheng's line early on, it had developed very well. Very quickly, it surpassed the third rank and was ranked in the top three. It was only second to Qin Luo Sheng's line, the East Imperial Pavilion and the Tyrant Heaven Guild that were as stable as Mount Tai!

Unfortunately.

Their foundation was still insufficient, they could not compete!

Another round.

The few business associations that had been formed by countless tycoons also gave up.

For now.

Only East Imperial and Emperor Wu were left.

"280 million!"

Emperor Wu said, "200,800,000!"

"282 million!"

"283 million!"

"284 million!"

"285 million!"

It was always the lowest price.

Every time he called out a price, he would stall until the moment before the hammer fell.

The others didn’t understand what was going on and were still mocking him.

However, those with discerning eyes could see the mystery behind it.

Both of them were stalling for time.

Why delay?

Of course, it was to raise funds!

Also…

It would take time to recharge the account.

The small amount did not matter. Basically, the money was transferred in seconds.

However, if it was a huge amount, it would cost millions or even billions of yuan. Other than confirming it, it would also need at least five minutes!

"It's changed, it's changed, the wealth ranking has changed!"

A single stone caused a thousand ripples.

Everyone opened their wealth rankings!

Qin Qin Sheng was no exception.

Fortune Ranking:

First place, ID: Martial Emperor, Gold Coin: 325,517414 (325 million)!

Second place, ID: East Imperial, possession of gold coins: 307,995,356 (over 307 million!)

…

Indeed.

The two big shots were competing.

The power struggle behind the scenes had also begun!

Emperor Wu’s lips suddenly split into a grin. He changed his constipated attitude and shouted, “300 million and 8 million!”

This price was exactly higher than all of East Imperial's funds!

He was simply causing trouble!

Still.

Donghuang, who knew the temperament of a Martial Emperor, didn't get angry. He didn't show his emotions and remained calm.

“330 million!”

East Imperial suddenly called out a price.

“Yeah?”

Emperor Wu was dumbfounded.

He quickly opened the wealth rankings.

He saw…

First place, ID: East Imperial, Gold Coin: 337,995356 (337 million)!

Bastard!

Where did the sudden increase of 30 million come from?

"Boss, I still have some gold coins!"

At that moment, one of Emperor Wu's henchmen came over with more than ten million gold coins. It was clear that he had given them all!

Don't think that ten million gold coins was a small amount. This was more than ten million RMB!

To carry such a huge amount of gold coins with him, he was simply a God-level nouveau riche.

You have to know.

If he died, he would lose at least 10% of his gold coins. That would be over a million gold coins.

In an instant, he had thrown an entire suite into shock!

"370 million!"