Chapter 904: Moon Praying Flying Zombie

It was another horizontal sweep!

This time, it took less time than the previous three areas. After all, a Zombie whose attributes had been reduced by 20% was naturally weaker and easier to kill. Naturally, its efficiency was greatly increased!

Soon.

Qin Luo Sheng and the others had arrived at the back of the courtyard!

into view.

A green-faced, ferocious-looking zombie was bathing under the moonlight, breathing and cultivating!

Zombies worshiping the moon!

There have been legends since ancient times!

It was normal.

However, what was abnormal was that there were more than ten corpses by his feet. Their eyes were hollow, and their pupils were lifeless and filled with fear. There were two bloody holes on their necks, and it was obvious that sharp teeth had penetrated them…

In conclusion!

That was, this zombie sucked the blood of more than ten people and then absorbed the moonlight to cultivate!

"This Lu Family Village really has all kinds of demons and monsters!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the clothes on the corpses. It was obvious that they were the villagers of the Lu Village. He was so angry that he laughed.

Human words are scary, ghosts are scary, humans are evil!

It was not unreasonable!

Compared to the ghosts and monsters, the true viciousness was the human heart!

For example, the Lu Village.

He actually fed the villagers in his village to zombies!

How vicious was this insight to be able to do such a heartless thing?

“Heaven Eyes!”

Qin Luo Sheng did not alarm the zombie. He secretly touched it and activated his Heavenly Eye to check the zombie's attributes!

[Moon-Wishing Flying Zombie (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 56

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 90000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 120,000

Magic Defense: 100,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: Blood Offering, Moon Praying, Unbreakable Diamond

Weakness: Fire, Life, Light

Introduction: Moon-Worshipping Zombie is a weapon created by the Moon-Worshipping Sect. It is invulnerable to weapons and is immune to fire and water. Not only does it have the characteristics of a zombie, but it has also been integrated with the techniques of the Moon-Worshipping Sect. By absorbing and disintegrating the moonlight, it can rapidly evolve. After Immortal Zhai Xing cooperated with the Moon-Worshipping Sect, he received a gift and brought the Moon-Worshipping Zombie into the Lu Family Village to start a secret plan!

Moon Praying Sect?

Qin Luo Sheng seemed somewhat familiar when he heard this name!

Eh?

‘ I think so.’

Zen Master Xuan Yue of Black Wind Village had mentioned this name before!

Could it be…

Not only did the Moon Praying Sect bury a nail in a level 25 dungeon, but did the cursed land of this level 50 dungeon also have its own schemes?

"Roar!"

There was no time to think carefully. Qin Sheng's momentary absent-mindedness caused his aura to leak out. The Moon-Worshipping Flying Zombie's perception was very sharp. It immediately stopped breathing the moonlight and looked over with its dead and bloodthirsty zombie eyes.

"Let's get to work!"

He was just a tank BOSS. His body was stiff and it was difficult for him to move. Furthermore, he had the Dark Attribute. He was restrained by [Death God's Embrace]. How dare he bare his teeth at me?

"Gaze of Death!"

-1000000!

Without another word, the game began with a bang!

Against those difficult Bosses, perhaps Qin Sheng would still hide his trump card to deal a fatal blow. After his health bar was reduced to less than 20%, he would then use his skill, Instant Kill!

However, he was really not interested in a mere golden chicken!

What threat could he pose?

It was better to weaken its attributes and make the battle easier!

To the end.

This guy’s physical defense was even higher than physical attack, reaching 120,000. It was a bit fierce!

Knock, knock, knock…

Even though its stats had been reduced by 20%, the Flying Moon Tier zombie did not show the slightest bit of fear. Instead, it took the initiative to attack and quickly jumped over!

"Interesting!"

This time, Qin Luo Sheng did not use Hunting Tiger to forcefully control it. Instead, he faced the difficulty head-on. The Sacred Dragon Divine Sword slashed ruthlessly at the body of the Flying Moon Tier zombie.

"F*ck!"

The excited smile on Qin Luo's face froze the battle intent that had just been ignited!

It was as if he had struck a piece of metal. The recoil made his scalp go numb!

"Hunting Tiger!"

Qin Luo Sheng still could not take it. After augmenting his skills, he immediately activated Hunting Tiger, causing Bai Yuefei to fall into a state of fear, unable to move.

"Sacred Flame!"

Even though there were no more sword auras, the holy flames were still there. After it was activated, not only would it deal four times the damage to dark creatures like Moon Praying Zombie.

Most importantly, the holy flames had an additional attack range. Even if it was not as damaging as the criss-crossing sword qi, at least Qin Sheng did not have to clash head-on with the flying zombie and injure himself!

“Attack with full force, use your strongest killing skill!”

Moon Praying Zombie's weakness was fire, life, and light. Coincidentally, there were two fire-element mages in the team, a Light Priest, and Little Tiny, who was proficient in five elemental magic. The damage was maxed out!

Qin Luo did not want to expose too much of his battle tactics and fighting style!

Therefore, they had always maintained the same pattern!

That was to first use violence to hit the opening path. To be precise, it was to cast stones to ask for directions!

It was equivalent to a lottery draw!

Once a cripple was triggered, everyone would naturally be happy!

It didn't matter if he couldn't trigger it. He just had to continue doing it!

Unfortunately.

Of the four Bosses, including the Moon-Wishing Flying Zombie in front of him, only the unlucky Fourth Lu had triggered it once!

"Roar…"

Initially, they had already lost 20% of their health points. After another five seconds, the five soul pets' violent output, especially the Light Priest Cyan Silk, was a warm healing when it landed on a person. However, when it came to the Flying Moon Tier, it was just like the Red Lotus Karmic Flame. Its lethality was even recognized as the most powerful output—a fire-type mage, completely incomparable!

Look!

In just five seconds, his health bar had dropped below 30%!

It was simply horrifying!

"He's really too weak!"

Qin Luo Sheng wielded the Sacred Dragon Sword that was burning with golden holy flames. That four-fold burst of damage dealt to the Flying Moon Tier zombie was at least 30W + damage. Its damage output was the best in the entire team!

"Blood sacrifice!"

"Moon Praying Shrine!"

"Invincible Vajra!"

With his life on the line, how could the Moon-Wishing Flying Corpse, who already had intelligence, not know that the first thing it did after waking up was to immediately break through its limit. Even before it reached 10% of its health, it instantly used all three skills!

Ding… Moon Fly Zombie used Blood Sacrifice, Health Points recovered by 100W +! '

Ding… Moon Praying Zombie used Moon Praying Skill, all attributes increased by 30%! '

Ding… Moon Fly Zombie used the skill Unbreakable Diamond, Defense + 100%! '

Qin Sheng:…

What was this?

Shameless?

"Don't panic, it's just a final struggle!"

When the Boss exploded, the four girls at the back immediately became restless.

Everything was supposed to be going well, but all of a sudden, such a thing happened. It was simply disgusting!

Recovering wasn't a big deal. The most important thing was that the increase in strength was simply explosive!

All attributes increased by 30%. Not only did it bring back the 20% reduction in all attributes from [Death's Gaze], but it also increased by 10% at the same time. What's more, it even used Invincible Vajra, maximizing the zombie's characteristics and doubling its defense!

F*ck!