Chapter 901: Thunderflame: Fourth Lu

"Ice Binding Technique!"

It froze the four arms of the Beast Tamer!

"Nao!"

He turned the soil under the Beast Tamer's feet into a swamp and restricted his movements!

"Mist Spell!"

It was a variant of water magic. The thick fog rose and covered the vision of the Beast Tamer!

“Earth Wall technique!”

A wall of earth rose beside him to block the attacks of the Beast Tamer!

Three seconds of fear.

Xiaoxiao activated her magic consecutively and tried her best to stall for time!

Three seconds later.

The Beast Tamer recovered.

In the first second, he exerted all his strength and broke the ice that restrained him!

In the second second, he pulled himself out of the mud!

In the third second, he sprinted forward and rushed out of the thick fog, opening up his vision!

In the fourth second, he attacked ferociously, shattering the earthen wall in front of him!

"Brat, I'll send you to heaven!"

As he rapidly passed through the four small "checkpoints", the beast tamer looked at Qin Sheng, who was wrapped in the little dragon's body, and let out an incomparably wild declaration. At the same time, the four demonic wheels in his hands were thrown out explosively. The sharp screeching sound of the spinning sonic boom left no doubt that if one were to be hit head-on, they would very likely be dismembered!

After all.

This was a terrifying attack that even the dragon scales could not withstand!

"Upper West Heaven? We still don't know who went up there!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Receiving his will, Xiaoxiao immediately flew into the sky!

This was not escaping, but giving way.

For whom?

It was naturally for Qin Sheng!

"Holy Dragon—Annihilation Slash!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand. The terrifying sword force that had been accumulated for ten seconds had already been formed. With a wave of his hand, golden sword qi surged forth, annihilating the four demonic wheels that were flying over. It heavily struck the body of the Controller.

Swoosh…

It was like a hot knife cutting through tofu without any obstruction!

The golden sword qi easily sliced the beast tamer's muscles and defenses into two. The terrifying destructive force completely destroyed his body, melting it until nothing was left behind!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Gold Boss. EXP gained: 2000W, Reputation: 1,800! '

It was finally resolved!

Qin Luo Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash was truly a BUG!

The only flaw was that it required ten seconds of accumulation to activate the annihilation form!

This.

It was far inferior to the Heaven Crushing Strike!

However…

They each had their own merits!

The Heaven Crushing Strike emphasized on slashing. Of course, if one was strong enough, it would also destroy the target. The former Undead Lich was an example. That was the first Ancient BOSS that Qin Sheng had truly killed. However, not a single corpse was left behind. All the spoils of war were destroyed by the Heaven Crushing Strike!

"Wow, I'm rich! I'm rich!"

The battle ended.

The four girls crowded over.

Mu Mu loved collecting trophies the most. She was clearly a rich lolita, yet she acted like a money-grubber!

Qin Qin Sheng could not understand.

He could only attribute it to his hobbies. It was like having a hundred properties and a net worth of more than a hundred million, yet he was always wearing a singlet, beach pants, and sandals!

Some of them were local standards, but some were purely fetishes!

"Heal!"

"Healing Spell!"

"Rejuvenation!"

"Life Healing Spell!"

The three girls packed up their loot. As Priests, their green hair quickly healed Little Tiny!

This was a virtual battlefield, not a real one!

Under the healing spell, the shattered dragon scales quickly recovered. Everything returned to normal!

"Ah, not even an epic?"

Upon seeing the spoils of war, Mu Mu looked displeased.

Just now, Lu Lin had contributed an Epic item. Who would have thought that this Beast Tamer, who was even more dangerous, would not even drop an Epic item? He was simply stingy!

"You really dare to dream!"

Qin Qin Sheng's face turned black when he heard this!

Beast Tamers could only increase the strength of Gold Bosses. If they wanted to drop Epic equipment, they had to rely on luck. Now, Lu Lin had already given him a lot of face. Now, he still wanted every Boss to come once. Was he thinking of eating them?

"No Epic, five Gold, three Silver, and a Skill Book. Not bad!"

He did some mental calculations. Other than the three treasures, the Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins, the rest were quite impressive. It was truly a huge explosion!

"Three Summoner equipment and a skill book that belongs to a Summoner? Did this guy leave his inheritance behind?"

Qin Luo was silent.

Still.

This was good too.

If no one had any use for it, they could just mess it up!

Although he did not care about the money, it was still necessary to participate and prove his bloodline!

In the end.

Qin Qin Sheng did not get a single item!

His face instantly darkened!

"F*ck your dog system, are you targeting me?"

Qin Luo Sheng had wanted to smile on the surface while cursing in his heart to express his own heart. He did not care, but in order to maintain his cold and aloof image, he could only remain silent!

Fortunately.

With the cover of the ghost mask, his Sima face was not exposed. Of course, even without the mask, his first-person perspective could not reveal anything!

Except.

He was very unhappy!

In his previous life on Earth, he was the first to be tortured by the King of Games, then by the Onmyoji. He was tortured in all kinds of ways to verify his power!

Now that he had transmigrated to the Blue Star, he was still so weak. Could he tolerate it?

"Continue!"

Girls' senses were all very sharp. The first thing the four girls noticed was Qin Sheng's change!

Although no one exposed him, his stifled laughter, and even Mu Mu's unconcealed look of shifting her eyes and grinning lips almost made Qin Luo Sheng go berserk!

F*ck!

…

The third region!

The monster's name was Lu Village's Bandit!

As the name suggested, they were bandits!

Compared to militias like Lu Village and Xiangyong, Lu Village's bandits were hooligans!

In modern society.

Xiang Yong was a police officer, while the bandits were hooligans!

However…

In the Lu Family Village, be it Xiang Yong or the bandits, they all wore the same pants. They were all from the same village, but the boss was different. Hence, he had a different image, aura, and power!

The bandits in Lu Village, who were also Bronze Bosses, were basically copies of Lu Village Bravehearts. They were far from the second region, where the subordinates of the Beast Tamers were difficult to deal with.

About 20 minutes!

Qin Sheng and the others arrived at the third courtyard's boss!

Without a doubt.

The Boss here was the Bandit Boss. Looking at his attire, he was no different from a Green Skin!

[Lv.4 (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 55

Health Points: 3,500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 108,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 65,000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: [Thunderbolt Flame] [Chain Hammer Technique] [Ghostly Fire Twin Meteors]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Fourth Young Master Lu, the fourth son of the village head of the Lu Family Village. He was extremely talented in martial arts since he was young. After receiving guidance from a master, he used a pair of iron chains that weighed 150 kilograms as a weapon. He was invincible in the Lu Family Village and was most subdued by Immortal Zhai Xing. Under his guidance, his strength rose to another level. At the same time, he became his servant and guarded Zhai Xing Lou!