Chapter 906: Rushing Back

???

Upon seeing Qin Luo's solemn expression, the four chicks felt as if they were facing a formidable enemy. They focused their minds and tensed their bodies!

Yet.

Upon seeing the monster that ran out, the five of them were filled with question marks!

Gale—Beast?

Damn.

Wasn't this the Gale Beast on the plains outside the Lu Village?

Qin Luo opened his Heavenly Eye.

A glance.

That's right!

Only a f*cking Gale Beast.

And it was the weakest kind. It was even weaker than the mutated Gale Beasts that were suppressed by the Beast Tamers in the second region!

"Interesting!"

The weakest monster of this dungeon had actually appeared in the core region of Zhai Xing Lou. No matter how one looked at it, it was strange!

"Don't care so much, just kill him and it will be over!"

The four girls looked at each other. They were all wily old foxes and naturally understood that this situation was very abnormal!

But so what?

He could only go further to investigate the truth!

What could he do by standing here?

Thus…

A group of people attacked!

How could an ordinary Gale Beast resist this group of animals!

It was a crushing horizontal sweep!

Soon.

Less than ten minutes!

Qin Luo and the others had reached the end of the first level of Zhai Xing Lou!

Here.

A BOSS was waiting for them!

Storm Beast King, Level 50 Silver Enhanced Boss!

Trash!

Qin Luo stepped forward and finished the battle in ten seconds!

The Boss guarding the checkpoint had been killed. The teleportation array leading to Zhai Xing Lou had appeared!

The guardian monster of the second stage was… the Scarecrow!

That's right.

It was the scarecrow that had appeared on the plains with the Gale Beast!

Except.

The scarecrow in Zhai Xing Lou was not an inanimate object. Its only function was to throw the players into chaos and kill each other!

The scarecrow seemed to have been given life by something!

Unfortunately.

When encountering Qin Luo, an anomaly who did not eat or control spirits, it was countered by the heavens!

Excluding spiritual control such as chaos and fear, the scarecrow was simply useless. It was even inferior to the Gale Beast. Moreover, fire was an absolute weakness. Coincidentally, Qin Luo Sheng's two fire-elemental mages had displayed extremely terrifying lethality!

Less than five minutes!

It was even easier than the previous level, easily clearing the second level!

The Boss guarding this place was Hell Scarecrow, a Level 51 enhanced Silver Boss!

He was just as useless as the ordinary scarecrows. When his control was ineffective, he could not hold on for five seconds and was killed by the concentrated fire!

Third level!

The patrol team and the ordinary villager from Lu Village, who was guarding the door, were pushed aside again!

Boss—Lü San!

To be precise.

It was Third Lu's… soul?!!

At that time, Qin Sheng was shocked!

If it weren't for the fact that the Heavenly Eye would not deceive him, nor would it transmit illusions, nor would he be affected by illusions, Qin Sheng would have felt that he was dreaming!

"Immortal Starseizer, you have some skill!"

Qin Luo Sheng knew very well that all of this was seen by the Heavenly Eye. It was the handiwork of Immortal Zhai Xing, who had appeared in the introduction of the various Bosses. His physical body was guarding the Lu Family Village, while his soul was being extracted and guarded in this special Zhai Xing Lou. He was constantly supplying the power of soul and faith, and could even be used as a barrier to stop the advance of the invaders!

How ruthless!

It was one thing for him to make use of the other party's physical body, but he actually did not even spare his soul.

This was simply like knocking the bones and sucking the marrow. He wouldn't stop until he squeezed out all the value!

"Let me see what kind of face you have as a self-proclaimed immortal!"

Having had one battle experience, he knew the weaknesses and fighting style. Qin Sheng easily slashed Lü San, who was a Level 53 Gold Boss, with his sword!

Fourth level!

Level 54 strengthened Gold Boss, Lu Lin!

Fifth level!

Level 55 enhanced Gold Boss strength, Beast Tamer!

The sixth level!

Level 56 enhanced the strength of a Gold-tier Boss, Moon-Watching Flying Zombie!

The seventh level!

Level 57 enhanced Gold Boss strength, Lv.4!

The eighth level!

Level 58 enhanced the strength of Gold Boss, Big Lu!

The ninth level!

The decoration here was completely different from the lower eight floors. It was lush with pavilions, with small bridges and flowing streams. It was filled with flowers and butterflies fluttering around. It looked like a manor, and the greenery was very beautiful. It covered at least 80% of the area!

"Be careful!"

The moment Qin Luo Sheng stepped in, his expression instantly tensed up. "The first level kills Big Lu's soul. On this level, there should be some kind of monster appearing, or perhaps the final Boss' lair. Don't be tricked!"

Without needing Qin Sheng to say anything, the four chicks tensed up as well. They formed a square formation and advanced with their backs against each other. At the same time, they sent their pets before them as shields, afraid of being ambushed!

"Hmm? There seems to be someone in that pavilion!"

Although the ninth floor was large, there were only so many places that could be used for footholds, aside from those fake mountains and rocks. Qin Luo Sheng quickly found the oddity!

In the pavilion!

There was a stone platform where two old men were playing chess!

One of them was dressed in scarlet, a flame imprint between his brows, holding a black stone!

One of them was dressed in silver clothes and had an electric arc tattoo on his right cheek. He was holding a white piece!

"Old Sir, your move did not go too well!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the two old men who were playing chess with a smile that was not a smile and walked straight into the pavilion. The two old men ignored him and played their own games, pretending that there was no one else around. However, this indifference did not last long. As the old man in the scarlet red clothes placed his chess piece down, Qin Luo broke the unspoken rule of "Guan Qi, do not speak". Instantly, the two old men were displeased!

The old man in red was dissatisfied because Qin Luo was questioning his chess skills!

The old man in silver-white was dissatisfied because Qin Luo Sheng was giving pointers to that stinky chess basket on the other side, wanting to harm him!

"Young man, you don't say a word while watching the game!"

The silver white clothed old man said indifferently. His tone was still considered gentle, just a bit cold!

However, the red clothed old man's temper was just like the color of his clothes. He was incomparably hot-tempered as he glared and shouted on the spot: "Scram, a fledgling brat eating less rice than I eat salt, you dare to order me around?"

Qin Sheng:…

It's here!

It's here!

He's here!

It was another f * * king popular segment where people took advantage of their seniority and criticized others!

"This is really strange!" Qin Luo said with a half-smile, "To think that there's such a logic in this world. Why, does the level of one's chess skills depend on one's age? I may be young, but your chess skills can be said to be utterly trivial and lousy. I think you've lived so many years in vain. If you really want to play chess, you might not even be able to beat a young man like me!"

"Young man, your words are a little too much!" The old man in red clothes blew his beard and glared. Before he could say anything, the old man in silver-white clothes opposite him spoke first and stood up for his friend. "Although we don't know each other, you broke the rules first. Now, you have no choice of words and no respect for your elders. Is this how your parents and teacher taught you?"

"No! No! No!" Qin Sheng stretched out his right index finger and shook it repeatedly. "I'm a person who respects the old and loves the young. Of course, the prerequisite is that I'm worthy of respect and love! For example, an old and undying bad egg or a detestable brat is not within my acceptable range! For example—all of you!"