Chapter 907: Entering Zhai Xing Lou, The Challenge Begins

"I… don't… believe you!"

Lu Da's eyes were filled with blood. First, he had lost his hand, then he had been stimulated by the medallion, and then he had been evaded two consecutive attacks. Even though he was determined, he was beginning to doubt his life!

"Life Stealing—Chain Spear!"

His strong self-esteem and his belief that his secret could not be exposed, for the sake of his own life and his plan, Lu Da instantly transformed into a mad dog and pounced towards Qin Sheng with the Black Iron Spear in hand.

"Do you want to risk your life?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at Lu Da's health bar. There was still close to 30% of his health left, far from reaching the level of 10% exploding with his life.

Except.

Thinking back to when Moon-Wishing Flying Zombie used three skills consecutively, it seemed to be understandable!

"Let's play then, it suits me!"

A sharp glint flashed through Qin Luo Sheng's eyes. His entire body was shimmering with golden light. He did not dodge or evade, but instead charged forward to meet the incoming attack. He brandished his Black Iron Spear at Lu Da, activating waves of spear shadows to meet the attack head-on!

"D * mn, you've been acting all along. If the tiger doesn't show its might, do you think I'm Hello Kitty?"

"Sacred Dragon Protection!"

Reduce 90% physical magic damage!

"Holy Dragon Rage!"

Increase attack speed by 100%!

"Big Lu, die!"

Qin Luo Sheng's hand had also turned into a series of afterimages at this moment. The Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand could not be seen clearly except for a flickering shadow!

Attack!

An ultimate clash!

A fierce clash!

The battle of wits and courage, dodging and shifting, had completely disappeared. It had become a 1v1 battle between men!

Qin Luo Sheng's sword!

Lu Da's gun!

Clang clang clang!

It was the sound of the Sacred Dragon Divine Armor and Lu Da’s general armour being attacked by weapons!

Logically speaking, it should be a 50-50 situation, or perhaps Big Lu was taking a slight advantage!

Yet.

Qin Qin Sheng had thoroughly suppressed Lu Da after being enhanced by his skills!

Plus.

The Holy Dragon Sword’s offensive and penetrative power did not mean that the sword would bleed, but there was no doubt that it would deal tremendous damage!

There was also the defensive power of the Sacred Dragon Divine Armor, and the terrifying effect of the Holy Dragon Protection which reduced damage by 90%!

Under such superposition.

How could Lu Da, who had already lost his life, resist?

This was a nightmare, not an abyss!

Nightmare still fought based on virtual data!

The Abyss was either a semi-real mode or a real battlefield!

In that case…

Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to attack!

Because.

In the real battlefield, anything was possible!

Back then, Qin Luo Sheng had relied on this to use the Water Vein Spirit Pearl to flood the Snake Cavern in the trial grounds of the Beginner Village. He had used the sword to slay the demon beast and snake girl, decapitating them with a single strike to secure his victory!

If it had been a real fight, it would have been very, very difficult for him to defeat the Snake Girl in the virtual battle. After all, the bizarre snake cave was not only the Snake Girl's strong BOSS. There were countless snake eggs in the nest. After they were hatched, they were still part of the Snake horde. The only outcome was that they were all devoured!

Knowing how terrifying the real battlefield was, Qin Sheng would naturally not make any low-level mistakes!

Nightmare Mode!

The Abyss Mode was the real battle!

He had already thought about it.

Next.

He would definitely not fight head-on with a boor like Big Lu. If he could not dodge the Overlord Spear in the real battlefield, he might be stabbed to death. And now, with this chain of fatal shots, there was only one outcome—being stabbed into a hornet's nest!

"I… am not… willing!"

In the end, it was still Qin Sheng who obtained the final victory. With the final slash of his sword, Lu Da's health bar was emptied, and the originally violent spear aura finally stopped.

He stared at Qin Sheng with bloodshot eyes, as if he was trying to memorize his appearance and engrave it in his mind forever. He would wait for his enemy to come down from hell and take revenge, or perhaps he would reincarnate and seek revenge!

"Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. When a person dies, it is as if a lamp has been extinguished. When a person dies, all their debts are gone!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked straight into Lu Da's eyes without the slightest hint of fear. With an indifferent expression, he said, "Don't worry. Although I don't know what your plan is or who you're working with, in short, I'm definitely going to exterminate this Lu Village! I'm definitely going to kill that so-called Immortal Zhai Xing as well! You mustn't walk too fast. On the road to the netherworld, there will be people coming down to accompany you to the netherworld to receive the judgment of Yama!"

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 56 Gold Boss—Big Lu. EXP gained: 2500W + Reputation: 2200! '

Four golden lights flashed in unison.

The large amount of EXP gained from the Nightmare Mode dungeon finally allowed the four girls to level up!

Qin Luo Sheng expressed his envy!

Now that he was Level 58, his experience points were close to 300 million!

Starting from Level 50, if you didn't level up by one level, you would have to increase your experience by 2000W!

For example.

Level 50 to Level 51 required 120 million!

Level 51 to Level 52 required 140 million!

It was terrifying!

"Another Ancient equipment, Bliss!"

Mu Mu was packing up his spoils of war. The purple light that entered his eyes was simply dazzling.

Priest's Helmet!

Without a doubt, it was the green hair again. No one was going to snatch it!

The remaining few pieces of gold were not to Qin Luo's liking. He gave up on ROL and was split among the others.

Although these rich girls did not lack equipment, most of them were Epic or had special abilities. It was difficult to replace them.

Besides.

The previous time, Qin Sheng had added + 10 enhancements in succession!

This was a huge price to pay, and it was very difficult to replace!

"We've finally cleared all five areas!"

Qin Luo stretched his back and clicked on the teleportation array that had appeared, sending it out of the area guarded by Lu Da!

"Oh, without the five Bosses guarding it, a small path suddenly appeared?"

Looking at it closely, the difference between earlier and now was obvious.

In the five areas that were originally tightly connected, a narrow passageway appeared in the middle, leading straight to Zhai Xing Lou, which was a hundred meters behind!

"Let's go!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Luo Sheng beckoned to the four girls who were in a daze and took the lead to walk forward!

…

He pushed open Zhai Xing Lou's door!

Qin Luo Sheng scouted ahead first. After confirming that there were no traps, he then howled in the team channel!

"Wow, the decor here is really good!"

The four girls filed in, their faces full of excitement!

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in agreement.

Although he had never learned anything about fengshui layout, Qin Luo Sheng still knew that there was such knowledge. Zhai Xing Lou did not look impressive at all. It was far from being as luxurious as the mansions in the first five districts. It was resplendent and magnificent!

Yet.

For some reason, he felt that this place was very comfortable, and there was an indescribable charm to it. It was as if it was close to nature, and there was no artificial touch to it!

"Stop sighing, trouble is coming!"

Qin Sheng, who had a wide field of vision, saw something moving not far away with his sharp eyes. He immediately warned, holding the Sacred Dragon Sword tightly and standing in front of the four girls.