Chapter 909: Half Step Epic Boss, Fire Crow And Soul Chasing

One sentence.

His aura instantly became tense!

"Hahahaha… What a cute little brat!"

The old man in red burst into laughter. However, his expression turned sinister as he laughed. "Your sense of smell is quite sharp. You can actually see through my disguise with old man Chasing Soul!"

"Fire Crow, stop wasting your breath!" The silver-white clothed old man who was called Soul Chasing by the red clothed old man's indifferent expression became cold and stern, his killing intent soaring to the sky. "I've been fasting for so long, and it wasn't easy for food to come to me. I can't hold back anymore. If you don't want to eat, then let me enjoy it alone!"

"F*ck, you old ghost, don't even think about taking it all for yourself!"

The Fire Raven almost jumped.

You're craving for it!

Don't I fucking crave for it?

"Stop bullsh * tting. You two old farts who flaunt your seniority, do you really think I'm made of mud? Who are you talking about eating me?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Even if he had cerebral palsy, he would not believe that there would be nothing wrong with two old men playing chess in such a godforsaken place!

Needless to say, he still had his Heavenly Eye!

She was really stupid to want to pretend in front of him!

"Cut the crap and reveal your true form!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised the Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand and pointed at the two old men who had formed the Red and Silver CP. Killing intent boiled in his eyes!

Damn it!

Two old bastards!

Not only did he treat me like food, but he even dared to boast shamelessly in front of me. He was really…

How audacious! You don't know the immensity of heaven and earth, and you don't take me seriously at all!

Tsk!

Still.

These two old fellows might be arrogant, but they weren’t brainless. They did have some strength, and had the ability to be arrogant!

The soul of Big Boss Lu in front of them could be considered as the ceiling for strengthening Gold Bosses!

However, these two fellas were half-step Epic!

And two of them had appeared at the same time!

It was so disgusting!

You have to know.

This was just a nightmare!

As expected.

In the Abyss Mode, if they challenged the levels together, they would definitely lose the word "half step" and advance to the real Epic stage. If they challenged the levels alone, they might even be stronger. They might even become Enhanced Epic!

[Soul Pursuit (Half-step Epic Boss)]

Level: 59

Health: 6,500,000

Mana: 3200000

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 150000

Physical Defense: 50,000

Magic Defense: 120,000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: Lightning Spell, Soul Chasing, Soul Capture

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Soul Chasing, origin unknown. Born with an inherited lightning technique, it can control lightning. Its original form is like that of a beast but not a beast, like that of a human but not a human. It is suspected to be the half-human half-demon body of some unknown lightning-attribute mutant beast that combined with a human. It has a violent nature and is extremely indifferent to life. It is neither good nor evil. Later on, due to a certain reason, it started a massacre and destroyed three cities and twelve towns. It was wanted by the empire. After being saved by Immortal Zhai Xing, it became his right-hand man and helped Immortal Zhai Xing guard the Zhai Xing Stage!

[Fire Crow (Half-step Epic Boss)]

Level: 59

Health Points: 60,000,000

Mana: 4500000

Physical Attack: 20000

Magic Attack: 175,000

Physical Defense: 40,000

Magic Defense: 130,000

Speed: 16,000

Skills: [Fire Spell] [Spirit Talk] [Atavism: Fire Crow Transformation]

Weakness: Water (Among the five spirits, water counters fire)

Introduction: The Flame Crow is said to be a divine beast of ancient fire, a descendant of the Three-legged Golden Crow, one of the three Supreme Fire Attributes. It possesses a weak Golden Crow bloodline and is able to control the mutated flames that are tainted with the most extreme Yang and extreme Solar Truefire. It loves to toy with its prey, trapping it with its words and slowly torturing it until its soul collapses. After eating it, its temperament is cruel and easily angered. After being crushed by Immortal Starseizer with absolute strength, it was subdued and became his right-hand man, guarding the Starseizing Stage for Immortal Starseizer!

"Should we turn off the live broadcast?"

Qin Luo was somewhat hesitant.

If it were any other broadcaster who had such a good chance to perform and such a good chance to increase their popularity, they would definitely die. They would either create a show to increase their popularity and attention, or they would show their strength and turn countless passers-by into fans, turning fans into die-hard fans, and die-hard fans into NC fans!

Except.

Qin Luo was different!

He was very sure of what he wanted and needed right from the start!

Other people live-streamed for money, while he live-streamed for the sake of increasing his fame and reputation. This allowed him, who did not have any influence, to "nurture" a faction through live-streams!

Don't underestimate Reputation!

Even in the backward and ignorant feudal era, with this thing, even the emperor would not dare to touch you!

Even if times were different now, there would be saints in any era (thank you, Old Yuan, have a safe journey). Qin Sheng knew his limits. He did not have the qualifications to be a saint. However, he had to get his hands on Reputation. When that time came, even if his real identity was exposed, there would at least be some people who would stand up for him and defend him!

This.

That was enough!

"Since that's the case, then let's not switch off the broadcast or block it!"

He secretly glanced at the exploding comments and saw that the popularity of the live-stream was rapidly rising. Many people had probably received the notice and knew that two half-step Epic Bosses had appeared, so they came to watch!

Seeing this.

Qin Luo swiftly made up his mind!

"He's only a half-step Epic. He can't reveal his true trump card!"

After calculating the strengths of both sides, Qin Sheng immediately narrowed his eyes. "Besides, in order to hide his strength previously, his performance was indeed a little poor! If this continues, it might give some passers-by who don't know the truth a misconception that Tangtang's soul is nothing more than this. If he's led astray by someone with ill intentions, that would really be difficult to handle!"

Kacha! Kacha!

Qin Luo Sheng twisted his neck and squeezed his hands. He could feel his knuckles cracking as his fighting spirit gradually rose!

"Then, show me some strength! These two half-step Epic creatures, watch how I torture them!"

Qin Luo seemed to have sensed the change in his aura!

The extremely sensitive Flame Crow and Chasing Soul’s expressions immediately changed!

"What an interesting brat. He actually wants to fight one against two. Old ghost Chasing Soul, it seems like we are being looked down upon!”

A cruel smile appeared on Chasing Soul’s icy cold face when he heard Huo Ya. “Then cripple him!”

"Gentlemen, shall we attack together?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not even raise his eyelids. Although he did not have much of an expression or reaction, one could tell that he was looking down on everyone!

How arrogant!

Seriously.

How infuriating!

Especially Fire Crow and Chasing Soul, they were instantly angered until they laughed!

——————

Author’s Note: The little transparent novice has just returned from the annual meeting. He saw many big shots and was very excited! It just so happens that it’s the weekend. Tomorrow, he will add more chapters for the next two days!