Chapter 905: Raging Dragon General: Big Lu

"No matter how powerful this fellow is, he's just a target. Don't stop attacking. Don't worry about OT!"

Qin Luo Sheng stood at the front, resisting the urge to give Bai Yuefei a "Ultimate Healing Technique + Yimu Resuscitation", and continued to hold the Sacred Dragon Sword to contend with him.

Originally, Qin Sheng's damage was above 30W!

Right now, Moon Praying Flying Zombie had improved itself, but that was all. It only reduced the damage by one fold!

With his current HP of about 50%, how long could he last under the attack of at least 1500 + damage?

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng was not alone. He had teammates!

So.

Moon Praying Flying Zombie was just waiting for death!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 56 Gold-tier Boss—Moon-Watching Flying Zombie. Experience: 2100W + Reputation: 2000! '

Two minutes later.

The strengthened Moon-Wishing Flying Zombie fell!

Even though he had improved himself, he was still only a Gold-tier Boss after all. He was not even half-step Epic, and his grade was too low. There was no way he could resist Qin Sheng's counterattack after activating his Holy Flame. If not for his strong defense, he would have died long ago!

"There's an Epic equipment!"

The sharp-eyed Mu immediately let out a scream of surprise. Qin Luo, who was closest to the Lunar Flying Zombie, had yet to take a look when the Epic equipment was instantly picked up by Mu Mu.

???

Young girl!

Your speed is a little strange!

Was it so cruel to pick up loot?

Why are you always so fierce when you fight monsters?

"Ah… Shield!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the Epic shield that had been shared and was waiting for ROLL to decide who it belonged to. He instantly lost interest and rushed over to the corpse of the Flying Moon Tier to harvest!

The previous ones he had encountered were all human Bosses. There was no oily water on them, but Qin Sheng had been stifled badly. Now that he had finally encountered a zombie, what else could he do but pluck happily?

Zombie skin, zombie teeth, resentment aura!

It wasn’t a top grade item, but it was still a high grade material. It still had its uses!

With Mengmeng and the Damask King at home, the consumption of materials was rather terrifying. Even though these things were not worthy of the two masters' attention, it was still quite good for them to use it for practice when they had nothing to do!

Qin Sheng's face was as black as ever after he clicked "Roll" on the spoils of war. Other than the three treasures that had been decided to belong to him, there was nothing else. It was simply disgusting!

…

The fifth region!

[Elite of Lu Village (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 53

Health: 1300000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 82000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 40,000

Magic Defense: 30,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: [Mountain Splitter] [Shield Strike] [Battle Formation]

Weakness: None

Introduction: The elite soldiers under Lu Da's command are all highly selected. They are strong individually and are proficient in battle formations. They are soldiers that can go to war.

Upon stepping into this area, Qin Sheng felt that something was wrong!

In the previous four regions, the monsters were very strong, but they were very scattered. They fought separately!

But here was a three-man team. A five-man team and a ten-man team!

Nie Tian examined it with his Heaven Eyes.

Indeed.

The f*ck, the system is causing trouble again!

The grade did not change. It was still a Bronze Enhanced by the minions, but its attributes were indeed stronger than the monsters in the first four areas!

So what if he was strong? It was just a tiny bit. It was not a big deal!

However, the difficult part was that they had started to team up!

"Be careful!"

There was nothing special about the three-man team and the five-man team. Qin Sheng was confident that he could intercept them all by himself, but not the ten-man team. He was not a Shield Warrior and did not have any skills that could attract aggro. Unless the four girls were all there for him to solo, there was a high chance that there would be an OT phenomenon.

"Don't worry!"

The four girls nodded.

Qin Qin Sheng did not care and just rushed forward.

They were no longer newbies and should know what to do. There was no point in saying anything more!

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

Once the Skywolf was activated, its attack would double. It was definitely a critical hit!

Qin Luo Sheng was incomparably valiant. He charged straight into the crowd and stared at the attacks of the three elites of Lu Village. He exchanged injuries with lives. However, there was a difference of a hundred million points in this exchange. It was a fatal wound for the elites of Lu Village!

Originally, the attacks of the elites of the Lu Village were only so-so. Even without activating the defensive augmentation skill, Qin Sheng could still withstand it. Even if it was a critical hit, it would at most take away one-fifth of his life!

However, Qin Luo had the Blood Demon Bead, which had a terrifying blood-sucking effect of up to 50%. The six-digit damage from that strike was absorbed by half. It was simply explosive!

Thus…

In addition, Qin Sheng's attack speed was extremely fast. Not to mention a three-man team, even if it was a ten-man team, as long as their positioning was slightly better and they were not surrounded by attacks from all directions, they would be able to stand up and maintain full health at all times!

"This pervert!"

The four girls, who had originally wanted to help, looked at each other for a while when they saw this scene. Finally, they put down the magic staff in their hands!

This.

He didn't need them at all!

If he forcefully attacked, it was very likely that he would accidentally injure himself.

After all.

This did not seem like a Guardian pulling a monster, and then the DPSers behind followed up and hit the target directly!

Qin Luo Sheng was moving around, but his movements were not meticulous. He was not guarded against attacks that occasionally came into contact with him and allowed them to land on his body to increase his efficiency.

In such a chaotic battle, if one did not grasp the situation well, the flying attacks would not land on the monsters but on their teammates!

Three-man team!

Five-man team!

Ten-man team!

No matter the level, Qin Luo had swept all by himself.

The damage and blood absorption not only dazzled the four girls at the back, but the audience in the live-stream was even more dazzled. It was truly "dazzling"!

Why?

Everything was because of the first-person perspective!

When Qin Luo told him to move, his movements were as swift as the wind and as swift as a shooting star. It was as if you were wearing 5D glasses as a roller coaster, swaying so much that it made one feel nauseous and almost vomit!

In the end, it was still Qin Luo, the crazy CAL. Qin Luo, who had changed his first view to a third view, that was the end!

[Lu Da (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 56

Health: 4200000

Mana: 150,000

Physical Attack: 135,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 70000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 23,000

Skills: [Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart] [Lifeseizing Chain Spear] [Overlord Horseback]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Big Lu, the eldest son of the village chief of the Lu family village. He has displayed talent since he was young. He is knowledgeable in both literature and martial arts. After adventuring outside, he received the favor of the empire and gradually grew from a lowly soldier to a general. He was favored by the empire and the stars shone brightly in his eyes. However, for some reason, he suddenly retired from the army one day and returned to his hometown with Immortal Zhai Xing. He seized his father's power and became the actual village chief of the Lu family village. He transformed the Lu family village from a village that was aloof from worldly affairs to an existence that was half a military fortress. He also built the Zhai Xing Stage. It seemed like a huge conspiracy was brewing!