Chapter 902: Sword Slash, Absolute Kill

It was a standard attribute!

In terms of attributes, he was indeed stronger than his brother, Third Lu. However, it was a little exaggerated to say that he was invincible in the Lu Family Village!

The Beast Tamer was an outsider, after all, and had come with Immortal Starseizer!

But what about Lu Lin?

The power of the Burstfire Rod caused even Qin Sheng to tremble in fear!

"The system will not shoot without thinking. Perhaps, this Third Lu has some special ability that can even suppress Lu Lin!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "Of course, it's also possible that Lu Lin's brain isn't good, so when evaluating his comprehensive combat strength, he was slightly biased and pulled down his score!"

Hey!

Why was he thinking so much?

It was just a Gold-tier BOSS, how could it turn the situation around?

If not for the fact that this was a live broadcast, he was afraid that he would expose too much. He would analyze the data for the enemy and use it to formulate a counter strategy. He would have used his real strength earlier and crushed these idiots!

The usual opening!

Five augmentation skills were used, followed by a preemptive strike. He used Hunting Tiger to buy five seconds and reduce Lv San's attack power by 30%, greatly reducing the risk!

This time.

Qin Luo Sheng had no intention of fighting one-on-one. He immediately attacked with his entire army. Finally, he looked like he was about to team up and enter a dungeon. He began to gang up and fight!

He was a Berserker, three mages, and five pets including Xiaoxiao!

Aside from the harmless Priest's Cyan Silk, the other humans and pets had a total of nine damage points. They frantically poured their strongest attacks on Lv.4, who had fallen into a state of fear because of Hunting Tiger and was unable to counterattack or even defend!

Instantly.

Fourth Lv's health points dropped drastically!

Especially—

Ding… Savage Destruction has triggered the hidden effect. Fourth Lu's right arm is crippled! '

The crisp sound of the system notification rang out. Qin Sheng looked at Fourth Lu's limp right arm. Although it was still stuck to his body, it was obviously crippled. He could not exert any strength and it was equivalent to nothing. Immediately, tears welled up in his eyes!

Look!

I'm not an unlucky person!

QAQ!

"B * stards, who are you? How dare you trespass into my Lu Village? How dare you injure me?"

Five seconds later, Fourth Lu recovered from his state of terror. Sensing the state of his body, he was instantly enraged. Carrying two, hmm, a Thunderbolt Chain Hammer, he smashed it towards Qin Sheng, who had hurt him the most like a mad dog.

"Iron Hammer!"

Saber, saber, sword, and sword techniques!

Naturally.

The hammer also had a corresponding battle technique!

If one were to study the 18 weapons carefully, there would be a set of theories and methods to control them, not to mention the hammer that was a mainstream weapon!

Nowadays, martial arts, yes, it was martial arts, not martial arts. It was very rare to see a weapon like a hammer. Firstly, it was not beautiful, and secondly, the requirements for innate skills were too high. After all, this thing was very heavy. Without a foundation, it was difficult to even lift it, let alone move it!

However, in the era of cold weapons, be it holding hammers, Yuwen Chengdu, the most representative of the Sui and Tang dynasties, the fictional Li Yuanba, and so on, or the meteor hammers that were bound by chains like Fourth Young Master Lu, their destructive power was extremely fierce. They swung swords, spears, halberds, and halberds ten streets away. Especially on the battlefield, they were practically human-shaped meat grinder. They were invincible!

Unfortunately.

Having lost the initiative, Qin Luo Sheng broke one of his hands by striking first. The Meteor Hammer Thunderflame had now become Yang Guo! (Yang Guo:??)

Besides.

Even without Qin Sheng's brutal attack of crippling Fourth Lu's hand, the courtyard had also limited Fourth Lu's performance. The meteor hammer would only display its most terrifying might when there were the most people present!

Now?

Haha!

"Demon Sword Technique!"

Qin Luo Sheng activated his demonic sword technique and started fighting!

The effect of the Spellblade was to make normal attacks stronger, and it was a mix of physical and magic damage. The target's physical defense would be stronger, and the target's magic defense would be stronger, which would be converted into physical damage, bullying the weak!

Still.

The price was that he could not use any offensive skills!

But that didn’t matter at all.

Qin Sheng would not have been forced into such a sorry state when he dealt with the Beast Tamer previously. If not for that bastard playing with flowers and protecting the four girls behind him, he would not have even used the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash!

Right now, this Fourth Lu was a simple-minded melee fighter. He did not have the ability to summon battle pets, nor did he have the ability to attack from afar. The only thing that could happen was the iron chain meteor hammer. But at the same time, as long as he grasped the distance, he could avoid being attacked from the back!

The only thing Qin Luo Sheng did was to firmly hold on to his hatred!

Thus…

Winning was easy!

“Thunderflame!”

Fourth Young Master Lu was being held back by Qin Sheng, while the three magic casters behind him were furiously assaulting him. Xiao-Xiaofei was assisting him in the air, constantly giving Fourth Young Master Lu a blow. Furthermore, the timing of his attacks was extremely tricky. All of them attacked when Fourth Young Master Lu was about to attack, breaking him or making him suffer!

"Retreat!"

The enraged Fourth Young Master Lu finally used his specialty. Energy exploded and seeped into the iron chain hammer. In an instant, the black iron chain hammer seemed to be channeled by flames and started burning.

"Die!"

Fourth Lu had gone mad. He brandished the flaming iron chain hammer and began to attack indiscriminately like a mad dog!

In such a berserk state, even Qin Sheng had no choice but to retreat!

"Don't run!"

Yet.

How could Fourth Young Master Lu give Qin Sheng a chance to retreat?

He remembered very clearly that it was this boy in front of him who had slashed him again. His right arm was also crippled by this bastard!

She had been bullied for so long, and now that she had gained power, she had to quickly earn it back.

"Damn it, did I give you face?"

Upon seeing Fourth Young Master Lu's relentless pursuit, Qin Luo was instantly enraged!

"Soul Lamp Spirit Voice!"

He took out the [Soul Guiding Lamp] and started shaking it.

Instantly.

The scene reappeared.

The strange sound that made the Beast Tamer dizzy immediately frightened Fourth Young Master Lu. The hand holding the hammer fell and the flames on the hammer were extinguished!

"Awesome! This compulsory control skill is really fierce! As expected of a Numinous Treasure, its level is too high. Even the Boss is not immune to its effects!"

When he saw the skill that Fourth Lu had painstakingly activated dissipate, Qin Sheng did not say anything else. He immediately returned the way he came, approached the fellow once more, and began his fierce attack!

Three seconds was very short!

However, it was enough for a team of people to beat Fourth Lu, who already had less than 30% health, to the point of near death!

"Ghostly Fire Twin Meteors!"

Under the threat of death, Fourth Lu finally exploded.

His right hand was crippled?

It's alright!

He bit the other iron chain hammer with his teeth and shook his head crazily. Together with the iron chain hammer in his left hand, he forcefully executed his ultimate move—Ghostly Fire Twin Meteors!

So fast!

Qin Luo Sheng had not expected Fourth Lu to have such a move at all. In a moment of carelessness, he was struck instantly. That berserk iron chain hammer ruthlessly smashed onto his body. The tremendous force exploded forth without the slightest bit of obstruction, causing him to tumble away!

"Interesting!"

Suppressing the pain from his abdomen, Qin Luo Sheng straightened his body and looked at Fourth Lu, who was taking advantage of the situation to chase after him. Ignoring the fact that he had lost almost half his HP, he immediately canceled his Demon Sword. Then, with a flash of his body, he disappeared from where he stood. "Sword Burst!"

Qin Luo suddenly appeared in front of Fourth Young Master Lu after crossing a distance of 20 meters. The Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand slashed down without any sloppiness, carrying the unique penetrating effect of the Sword Sudden Strike!

-2,17544!

Weakness Damage + Critical Hit Damage!

Fourth Lu, who had less than 200,000 HP left, was directly killed!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Enhanced Gold Boss—Lv.4, EXP obtained: 1800W + Reputation: 1,500! '