Chapter 903: Are The Netizens This Year So Showy?

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Enhanced Gold Boss—Lv.4, EXP obtained: 1800W + Reputation: 1,500! '

Fourth Lu had fallen!

He had fallen to Qin Sheng's fatal blow!

Compared to beast tamers, Fourth Lu was still considered decent. At the very least, he still had a complete corpse. Unlike beast tamers, he did not even have a corpse or ashes left!

After the Boss died, it was time to clear the loot!

Mu Mu, this little money-grubber, naturally jumped out immediately.

Another explosion!

After three consecutive explosions, the four girls in the team knew that this was a normal operation, but the viewers in the live streaming channel did not know. They were immediately jealous!

Damn it!

Who is like you?

Usually, when we kill a BOSS, we tire ourselves to death. It wasn't easy for us to kill him. We don't know how much medicine we took, how many points our elders took for long, how many beatings we suffered!

But the ending?

I'm so happy that I dropped two or three items, and the highest grade was only equal to the Boss' grade!

He was not happy. All he had to do was to drop a guarantee, and it was that kind of trash!

All in all!

Perhaps he wouldn't even be able to get back the money for the drugs!

Tsk!

What about you guys?

The whole time, he was playing the BOSS like he was just a bystander. He was relaxed and carefree!

And it was going to be a big hit!

Disgusting?

Right!

"We know that this is a land clearing. This is a real estate dungeon. This is the first clear of the Boss. It has a bonus drop rate!

But is this considered a drop-rate bonus?

Huh?

This was totally digging out their nest!

Urgh ~

It made me puke!

"Are you done? GKD! This dungeon is a little big. Hurry up!"

This wave continued on to the previous wave and did not suddenly explode. It was a show where the Gold Boss dropped an Epic equipment. Of course, there were also quite a lot that dropped. It was just that it was of no use to Qin Luo Sheng. He could just roll the dice and leave everything to fate!

He quickly cleared the battlefield and teleported to the entrance of the Lu Village. Then, he entered the fourth area!

The scene in the Lu Family Village was huge!

First, it was an endless plain. Even if they were to travel at full speed, it would take at least 15 minutes. If they wanted to clean up the Gale Beasts and avoid the scarecrows, they would also have to face the attacks of the patrol teams from Lu Village!

Even for Qin Luo's team, which was extremely efficient, it would still take half an hour!

Following that, there was a battle at the entrance, with Third Lu as the BOSS!

There were two choices here.

The first was to accept the hidden triggering mission and let Third Lu bring a group of underlings to fight!

The second was to kill the informant and set up camp step by step. First, he would kill the guards at the village entrance. Then, he would go and find trouble with Third Lu and defeat them one by one!

The former was very difficult, but there were mission rewards!

The latter was less difficult and had no mission rewards!

How to choose.

All the players were free!

Still.

Most players would choose the latter.

Nothing else.

The previous one was too difficult!

Lv San was a BOSS and there were 50 Lv Village Bravehearts!

This was not a freaking S-list team, so there was no way they could take on this team!

He had finished off Third Lu's team!

Following that was a sweep of the five regions!

This was already the seventh checkpoint!

It was extremely time-consuming.

Fortunately.

There were not many monsters in the five regions. They were not like the Snake God Mountain in front. There were hundreds of them!

This saved a lot of time!

Behind the five regions was the hundred-meter tall building!

Currently, no one knew what was inside!

Except.

Such a tall building, it couldn't be completely empty, right?

At first glance!

At the very least, it would surpass seven levels!

This was another seven fucking hurdles!

How disgusting!

In the past, a normal game would only take about an hour to complete an instance dungeon. Of course, it was an online game and not a standalone game. If the instance dungeon dragged on too much, it would affect the players' emotions and motivation!

However, the Fate Dimension was a little tricky. It could easily take two to three hours. The more difficult it was, the longer it would take. Even five to six hours were common!

Qin Qin Sheng had experienced it before.

So he knew.

She was really tired, really tired!

Yet.

The instance dungeon could not be interrupted. Otherwise, they would be deemed to have failed!

‘ Of course.’

The system would not be so heartless as to let the players die from exhaustion!

“As long as it is not an instance dungeon that has a time limit, then there is an unlimited amount of time. You can rest within the instance dungeon or even sleep. However, there is one thing that you cannot go out of. You cannot go offline either. Otherwise, you will automatically give up!

It had been almost two hours since they had entered the [Land of Curses]. There were still two areas in the five regions that had not been resolved. It was annoying!

Although the girls did not engage in any high-intensity battles, they did not stop attacking either. It was just that they were not as tired as Qin Sheng who was constantly moving, luring monsters, fighting and controlling.

She was a girl after all. Her stamina was naturally weaker than a boy's, especially when it came to animals like Qin Sheng and Qin Luo. They were totally looking for trouble!

Still.

It was best to end it as soon as possible!

Just in time.

Qin Luo Sheng did not wish to continue the live broadcast either. This sort of ability to hide one's true strength while delaying the pace was truly aggrieved and detestable!

It was better for him to be alone!

"Oh, did the monster change its shape again?"

Upon entering the fourth area, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the general decoration of the courtyard. However, the lighting was dim and the eerie atmosphere was incompatible with the previous three areas.

Except.

When Qin Luo saw the guardian monster inside, he instantly understood!

Zombies!

The monsters in the fourth region were actually zombies!

"Wow, I'm so excited that you're doing this!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but laugh.

Zombies belonged to the darkness element.

Thus…

[Death God's Embrace] would be useful!

Increase the damage and suppression of the darkness attribute, plus 20% compulsory reduction of all attributes!

Incense!

"F*ck, what's going on? Why did all these zombies drop 20% of their attributes?"

"20% of all attributes are weakened, and even Health and Mana Points are effective. What kind of ability is this, isn't it too abnormal?"

"Weeping Soul Beast is actually hiding such a powerful killer move? Why didn't it use it just now?"

"Why? He must be afraid of being exposed! You have to know that there are very few people researching Weeping Souls right now!"

"He definitely hid his strength, but this weakening skill shouldn't be hidden!"

"That's right. If he really wanted to hide, he wouldn't have waited until now to use it. In other words, this Weakening Skill should have a limit!"

“Don’t say anymore. It’s definitely a monster that’s only targeting a certain special type of monster or a single type of monster!”

"…"

There was no lack of smart people in the world!

Soon.

The bullet screen gurus had figured out the crux of the matter and had guessed Qin Luo's ability very well!

Quietly.

Qin Luo glanced at the comments!

He was shocked!

Damn!

Are the netizens this year showing off like that?

What's wrong with him?

Still.

Even if his ability had been guessed, no, it should be said that Qin Sheng had been struck by a stone hammer, he didn't care at all.

As long as it belonged to the darkness element, it would take effect. It was impossible to defend against it. Even if it was exposed, it did not matter. After all, it would be known in the future. Now that it was openly displayed, it would give some people a headache!