Chapter 916: Hate The Heavens, Hate The Earth, Hate The Sect, Hate Master

"…"

Qin Luo was silent.

This question.

No one could answer.

Only he knew whether it was worth it or not. Outsiders had no right to judge!

"Master, please drink. I lost my composure!"

After his words were filled with resentment, Immortal Starseizer seemed to have realized that something was wrong with him. He took a deep breath and returned to his previous calm and composed appearance. Extending his hand, he poured another cup of tea for Qin Sheng, indicating that he should use it.

"The Daoist priest resides here and worships Ancestral Master Three Pure Ones. There is nothing in the temple except for a praying mat and a cup of tea. Such a cultivator must have obtained an expert. Please ask me!"

Qin Luo said.

"You flatter me!"

Immortal Zhai Xing said humbly, “I’m an independent cultivator, my virtue isn’t high, my cultivation is low, so how could I dare to teach you? However, since Benefactor is sincerely seeking guidance, I naturally won’t refuse. So, let’s talk about my shallow views here!”

"Daoist Priest, please!"

Qin Qin Sheng consulted respectfully.

"If the human race wants to live forever, there are only three possibilities. Firstly, one can ascend to immortality and become an immortal. After ascending to the Immortal World, one can enter the vast and boundless world. Without the shackles of this small world, the sky will naturally be high and the sea vast. A dragon will enter the sea and a tiger will enter the deep mountains. Although the end point is also the starting point, at the very least, one will have a long life and a new chance!"

"Secondly, the method to reincarnate is to use a special secret technique to carry the memories and inheritance of this life and reincarnate. From there, one's starting point will be higher than others. Through the accumulation of life after life, one's lifespan will be long. In time, one will definitely be able to cultivate to the peak of this world. Then, one will transcend the lightning tribulation and become an immortal! However, this method is harmful to one's morals. In addition, reincarnation with memories in one life will harm one's soul and destroy one's true spirit. It is extremely dangerous!"

"Thirdly, the cultivation techniques of the evil cultivators, the cultivation techniques of the orthodox path, emphasize justice, peace, stability, and stability. It is based on an extremely strong foundation, with both cultivation level and mental state advancing at the same time. The chances of becoming an immortal are the highest. However, this is not because one has exceptional talent. Ordinary geniuses are far from being able to cultivate to the realm where they can ascend in their limited lifespans. Therefore, in order to ascend, many martial cultivators created many evil techniques!"

"The reason why evil magic is called evil magic is not simply because it goes against the cultivation techniques of the orthodox path, but because most of them are harmful to the harmony of the heavens and violate human relations, and are even not tolerated by the Heavenly Dao. Even if the cultivation of evil magic can advance extremely quickly and increase the speed of cultivation greatly, this can easily cause one's heart to become unstable. Moreover, most evil magic comes from harming other living beings, so they will definitely suffer a certain amount of karma. At that time, when the heavenly tribulation descends, even gods and immortals will be hard-pressed to save!"

Qin Luo understood.

These.

He understood everything.

He had no choice.

Damn it!

He had read so many Immortal Cultivation novels on Earth, and it was about the same!

Although it was only in theory and there would be no true Immortal Cultivation, it was impossible to practice it. However, if he were to really "hoodwink" Qin Sheng, who was the master of this theory, perhaps even this proper cultivator, Immortal Zhai Xing, would not be able to beat him in a debate!

"May I ask, is Daoist Priest a cultivation technique?"

Qin Luo asked.

If not for the Lu Village, this place was not the cursed land. Then, Qin Sheng would not have said so much.

Other than Ancestral Master Three Pure Ones' shrine and prayer mat, there was only a table and a pot of tea. If he wasn't an Ascetic, who would believe him?

His Dao was naturally a righteous and peaceful Dao cultivation. There was no doubt about it!

But.

The tragic state of the Lu Family Village, the Flying Moon Tier zombie, the beast tamer, the deceived Lu Da, and so on. The masterminds behind all pointed towards the Daoist in front of them, the fellow known as Immortal Zhai Xing!

Could he still wash it?

Forget about the other little things!

Moon-Wishing Flying Zombie sucked human blood!

Beast Tamers fed spirit beasts with humans!

After Lu Da gave up his position as the general of the dynasty and returned to the village, he took away the authority of the village head's father and pulled the entire Lu village into a whirlpool, including Lu San, Lu San, and Lu Lin, turning this paradise into hell!

There were also those two fellows, Chasing Soul and Fire Crow, who kept talking about eating people. They were surely heinous fellows!

These.

They were all under the command of Immortal Starseizer!

What should he say?

"Since you already know this, why ask?"

Stone hammered.

These words were already an admission of Immortal Starseizer!

Qin Luo believed him.

The aura emanating from Immortal Starseizer was definitely the orthodox Dao Sect!

Still.

It was unclear whether the second reincarnation cultivation method was correct or not!

But.

The third evil cultivation technique was bound to be tainted!

Otherwise…

Lu Village would not have become like this.

The hundred-meter-long Zhai Xing Lou would not be built either!

"Daoist Priest, why are you degrading yourself?"

Qin Qin Sheng was a little exasperated.

Although it was his first time meeting Immortal Zhai Xing, he had given himself a good impression. If he did not talk about the matters of the Lu Family Village, he could indeed be considered an expert, an elder of the Dao Sect!

"Master, you don't understand!"

Immortal Zhai Xing did not get angry because of Qin Luo's bluntness either. He only said indifferently, "When I was your age, I was like you. However, you don't understand how terrifying it is to be able to feel the fear of your death and count the days of your soul's return! This poor Daoist can exterminate demons with a single finger, but their lifespans are more than a hundred years longer than mine. The difference is something that cannot be described with words. Only by experiencing it personally will one understand how despairing it is!"

Qin Luo was silent, not knowing what to say.

"Benefactor, you must be the Weeping Soul Beast who shone brightly on the Terrifying Dragon Platform not long ago. You are the hero of the Human Race, the pillar of the empire, and the role model of the younger generation!"

Immortal Zhai Xing said, "As a member of the Dao Sect, I have cultivated for hundreds of years and am considered to have some accomplishments. I can also speak a few words in the Dao Sect. Our Dao Sect's Ancestral Court, through the direct teachings of Heavenly Teacher Zhang on Mount Longhu, gave the Daoist Canon, which is a secret of the Dao Ancestor, to you. This shows that not only does His Majesty the royal family value you, but the aristocratic sects want to befriend you. Even the Dao Sect, which doesn't care about worldly affairs, wants to form a good relationship with you!"

"There is not a single person as talented as you. As long as there are no accidents, you will definitely have a chance to become an immortal in the future. You will not be able to understand the feelings of someone as talented as me who is not at the top. Even if you cultivate for your entire life, you will not be able to reach the threshold of becoming an immortal!"

Qin Sheng:…

"I hate it!"

"Hate the Heavens!"

"Hate the Earth!"

"I hate the sect!"

"I hate Master!"

“Hate the heavens for being heartless. Why didn’t they give us, those with weak talent, another chance? That’s good too!”

"If you hate us, why don't you nurture us and give us more spirit meridians? We don't ask for much!"

"I hate the unfairness of the sect. They gave most of their resources to their descendants. The direct descendants either ignored us or rewarded us. No, it should be said that they were giving us charity. Those resources are less than a ten-thousandth of what we have!

"I hate Master endlessly. Whether it's cultivation techniques, experience, resources, or spells, they are all reserved! If it were all like this, I wouldn't blame you. But when it comes to the more talented senior and junior brothers, you teach them everything. Not only do you hide it from us, you even beat and scold us!"