Chapter 914: Qin Luo'S Top Army

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Ghost Face Avatar]!"

"Successful choice. Demonface Avatar sublimated to perfection!"

Upon hearing the notification from the system, Qin Sheng immediately used his skill!

"Desert Dust!”

That's right.

The devil-masked clone that he had summoned was upgraded to the highest level by the Blessing of Starlight. It was similar to another incarnation. However, this incarnation was slightly different from Mo Bing. It did not have an independent personality or intelligence. It was like a robot that could be controlled by AI or controlled by itself!

This was a huge flaw!

If you said that you could control it, then you would have to multitask. It was easy to make mistakes when busy, especially when facing a powerful BOSS. How could you be distracted?

If you say AI control, how f*cking lousy would that be? Would he be stupid enough to cheat himself?

Still.

The devil-masked clone also had benefits, and the other avatars had benefits that Ink Ice could not compare to!

That was, as a clone, he possessed all of Qin Sheng's abilities. Other than the innate talent of the Lord of the Stars, Qin Sheng, he possessed all of them!

As for his avatar, Mo Bing, he had only inherited Qin Luo's abilities as a Spellblade. He had nothing else!

"Just in case, if I encounter a powerful Boss, I won't be able to divert my attention to control it. I can only let my doppelgangers use a single ability!"

Qin Luo pondered.

This was the best way!

‘ Of course.’

It was not that Qin Luo could not multitask. It was just that it was very tiring and there was a conflict!

Even if his clone could use all of Qin Sheng's abilities other than his innate talent, it did not mean that he had two weeping souls!

In other words.

Qin Luo Sheng's main body had used a certain skill. Now that this skill was in CD mode, the doppelganger could no longer use it!

Same reason.

His doppelgangers had used their skills, and Qin Luo's main body could not use his skills during the cooldown period!

This was the greatest limitation!

Or else.

If two Weeping Soul Beasts really appeared, wouldn’t the heavens be overturned?

Even so.

This hack was very strong!

After all.

Through the ultimate sublimation of the Starlight Blessing, he had managed to replicate Qin Luo's clone with 100% certainty. The foundation of Qin Luo's clone was extremely terrifying. Even if Qin Luo had restricted his usage of the augmentation technique, it was still ridiculously strong. If he had given Qin Luo a portion of his ability, it would be even more powerful!

"It just so happens that the secondary battle vocation, King of Fighting, has a use for it!"

Fist Emperor was extremely strong, even stronger than Qin Luo Sheng's former hidden occupation, Shadow Warrior, but why it had been reduced to a secondary combat profession was all because of incomplete reasons.

To the end.

The Fist Emperor came from the [Fist Emperor Scripture] dropped by the Demon Palace's Boss Gongsun Zhuang. It was similar to an unorthodox occupation, and was not a "orthodox" occupation that came through the inheritance or hidden job scroll!

Besides.

The Boxing King did not have any professional skills!

Without a vocation that focused on vocational skills, even if it was very strong, the upper limit was still there. There was nothing they could do!

Still.

This situation was perfect!

A doppelganger that would be controlled by AI most of the time, what skills would it need? Wouldn't it be better to just be a tool that only knew how to use normal AI?

With the Abyssal Hands, Desert Dust's avatar could also display great strength!

Besides.

It wasn't like Qin Luo Sheng would never give Desert Dust the ability!

His Skill, the Sky Quaking Fist, as well as the special skill he had just obtained—Berserk Punch. These were all skills that could only be triggered by wearing a glove and were compatible with the Fist Emperor.

Coincidentally.

When he held the Sacred Dragon Sword, Qin Sheng was unable to use the Fist Emperor skill. At this time, the Sky Quaking Fist was equivalent to being useless. It was just right for Desert Dust's clone to use it. It wouldn't affect his main body's performance!

"Let's go!"

Qin Qin Sheng waved his hand, summoning Mo Bing. At the same time, he gave an order to Desert Dust, who was currently under AI control!

Don't look down on Desert Dust. In terms of combat power, he might even be more terrifying than Mo Bing. After all, this guy had enhanced + 10 Mythical equipment that even Qin Sheng's Sacred Dragon Sword couldn't compare to—Abyssal Hands. He was also equipped with a set of equipment that Qin Sheng had specially found when he brought his younger brother and sister to the Level 25 Blackwind Stronghold. It was a set of Level 45 Enhanced + 7 Epic equipment!

"Now, the pressure on me is greatly reduced!"

It was indeed a little difficult for one person to charge through alone.

Firstly, efficiency was a problem.

It was fine if it was an ordinary dungeon, but this' Cursed Land 'was simply too big. Furthermore, there were many BOSSES in the monster region. First, there was a large plain, then there was a huge battle at the entrance, followed by the five major regions, then there was a total of ten levels of Zhai Xing Lou (the tenth level was where the final BOSS was). It was simply disgusting!

"Is this considered cheating?"

It was currently the abyssal mode of solo challenge, and Qin Luo had two capable assistants by his side.

In a sense, it was a violation of the rules and a bug!

But.

Be it Ink or Desert Dust, strictly speaking, it was Qin Sheng!

This was not a violation!

"Who cares? Ink Ice is my avatar. Desert Dust was born from the Lord of the Stars' BUG and the ability [Ghost Face]. It's a skill effect! As long as the system doesn't stop it, everything is reasonable!"

…

Boundless!

Even if it was the Abyss Mode, which was even more savage than the Nightmare Mode, Qin Sheng, who was like an animal, was forcing his subordinates, be it the Gale Beast, Scarecrow, Lu Village Yong…

It was a tragic sight!

They were no match for Qin Luo's main body after they had learned of his weaknesses and information. Besides Qin Luo's main body, there was also a Spellblade, Mo Bing, who wielded the Blood Demon Sword or switched to the Yin Yang Dao Sword from time to time. There was also a Spellblade, Mo Bing, who fought both demons. There was also a Spellblade, Mo Bing, who possessed the boundless might of his fists and was extremely violent.

Three hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng led his two clones to fight three against two and killed the Ancient BOSS that had truly evolved into an Ancient BOSS. He got rid of the Soul Chasing and Fire Crow that were half a step away from him and dropped a bunch of loot!

Unfortunately.

This time, there wasn’t much harvest, only a bit more flame crow feathers and flame crow flesh. There was nothing on Chasing Soul at all. Tch!

"Finally, we have to face the final BOSS!"

After taking a few deep breaths and cooling down the CD of the skill, Qin Sheng stepped into the last teleportation channel!

It was a simple and crude setting!

Compared to the Soul Chasing and Fire Crow’s courtyard that was comparable to the back garden of the imperial palace, this place was like a Daoist temple. It was empty without any decorations. There was only an old praying mat. Even the Three Pure Ones that were worshiped here were made of clay!

"We have friends who have come from afar!"

A voice full of Dao runes attracted Qin Sheng's attention. He raised his head and saw a Daoist walking over slowly with a pot of tea. "Coincidentally, the new tea that I planted has just been harvested. This is the first batch of tea that has been stir-fried. I'm naturally overjoyed to have an honored guest come and serve them. The residence is simple and crude. There are no tables or chairs, only a praying mat. A new cup of tea, please don't mind it, Benefactor!"