Chapter 918: The Truth About The Lu Family Village'S Destruction

Buzz…

There were loud voices.

Those earth-shaking words instantly stunned Immortal Starseizer!

Pa da…

Immortal Starseizer instantly felt his head grow dizzy. It was as if some sort of shackle that had bound him had been unlocked at this moment. In his mind, it was as if the glorious voice of the great power was reverberating without end, and it would last forever!

"Hahahaha…"

After a long period of time, Immortal Starseizer laughed wildly. "Good. What a good 'we were born free, who dares to stand high and above us?'. That's right, this is how it should be! I was originally an ordinary person, but those old ox-nosed fellows, for the sake of their own selfishness, didn't ask for any reason, and used their glib tongues to deceive their parents. They took me away from the mortal world, and thus lost my freedom. I couldn't control myself at all!"

"Their wish is merely for the legacy of their sect. They want us, who have no hope of reaching Immortal Ascension in our lifetimes, to give Dao Protectors to the direct disciples who have a chance of reaching Immortal Ascension, as well as the direct descendants of the important figures in the sect!

"How cruel is that?"

"Using the lives of countless disciples like us to do our best, just to serve one in ten thousand, hehe!"

"If that's the case, we'll accept it!"

"However, in order to make our Dao hearts purer and more fulfilling our duty as Dao Protectors, we have to abandon the mortal world and sever our emotions and love, forcing us to enter the mortal world and temper our Dao hearts. We have to wait until we have a bond with the mortal world, overcome the tribulation of emotions, have a woman that we like, and even have children together."

"At this time, if we jump out and stir up trouble again, we will abandon our wives and children and become heartless people. We will either be utterly dejected, or we will seal our feelings and completely become tools from then on. Hahahaha… Good plan, really good plan!"

Qin Sheng opened his mouth as he looked at the crazed Immortal Starseizer, but he didn't know what to say.

It was still the same old saying.

Don't try to persuade others to be kind without suffering!

After being enslaved for a lifetime, this hatred was endless, like the waters of a long river that could not be extinguished!

It was one thing if it was just a puppet.

The scariest thing was that she was scheming!

It was the most unforgivable thing to be betrayed after putting in so much effort!

The sect that put in so much effort to help you is the main culprit behind your entire life!

The respected and admired master is the devil who treats you as a puppet!

It wasn’t easy for him to overcome the tribulations in the mortal world and find the comfort of his heart. His heart that was riddled with holes received nourishment and redemption, but he was forced to break off his love, abandon his wife and children, and completely shatter his heart that was only stuck together into quicksand that couldn’t be repaired anymore…

This hatred!

How could she forget?

Only blood for blood, tooth for tooth, could be cleansed!

"Thank you for enlightening me!"

After laughing wildly for a long time, the tear-stained Immortal Zhai Xing stopped and thanked Qin Sheng solemnly.

"I will forever remember your kindness and advice!"

Immortal Zhai Xing said, "However, in order to carry out this grand plan, I have no choice but to offend you and temporarily stay in my Three Pure Temple. Although the conditions are difficult and life is tough, I will definitely do my best and not treat you unfairly!"

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

Was this the world of big shots?

Just a moment ago, he was respectfully asking for guidance. Just a moment ago, he kindly invited them to drink tea together. Just a moment ago, he was still talking about his benefactor. Now, he suddenly turned hostile and wants to imprison me?

I'm willing to call you the strongest in this face-changing technique!

“Since that’s the case, could Daoist Priest tell me exactly what your plan is?”

Qin Qin asked.

"There's no harm in telling you!"

Perhaps because of Qin Sheng's advice, Immortal Zhai Xing did not hide anything. Instead, he generously shared his plan. "People who are about to die want to do something when they are about to die. They either become immortals or take revenge. That's all!"

What?

Qin Luo's eyes instantly widened.

F*ck.

This was too much information!

Become an immortal?

Revenge?

No matter which one it was, it felt like the world was turning upside down!

"The chances of becoming an immortal are slim. I don't even have a 10% chance. Now, after what you said, I'm enlightened. If I don't take revenge, my thoughts will not be clear, and the Mental Demon Gate will definitely fail. When that time comes, my body will perish and I will turn into ashes. There will be no me in this world!"

Immortal Zhai Xing said, "If that's the case, then I'll give up on the Immortal Ascension Road and take revenge in the final moments. Not only will I take revenge for my life of being manipulated, but I will also take revenge for my parents losing their children. I will take revenge for the fact that they are old and have no one to depend on. I will take revenge for my wife, my husband, and my father growing up together!"

"I want those high and mighty people to know that in this world, they are not the ones who can cover the sky with one hand. At least, I have to resist! Even if I fail, it doesn't matter. It's just a rotten life. Killing one is enough, killing two makes one profit…"

"With me as a moth to the fire, perhaps one day, more people like me will awaken their will and shout out loud, immortal roars with weak voices!

Sigh!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the furious Immortal Starseizer whose face seemed to be filled with divine light. He was completely at a loss and could only sigh.

Although this was indeed quite childish, given Immortal Starseizer's experiences and circumstances, Qin Sheng could completely understand!

This wasn’t an act, but rather a reflection of his true self.

Immortal Starseizer truly was going to do this!

"I actually really want to know why you chose the Lu Village and why you chose to take revenge now?"

Qin Luo couldn't help but ask, "Even though Dao Sect isn't like Buddhism that seeks to deliver all living beings from suffering, sweeping the floor is afraid of harming the lives of ants, cherishing moths to light the lamps, and not killing, no matter what, Daoism is natural and the rules are strict. How can it bring chaos to the human world and randomly harm people's lives, resulting in provoking karma?"

"Do you know where my red dust tribulation is?"

Immortal Starseizer asked.

"Could it be?"

Qin Sheng was no fool! He had already said so much!

"That's right, it's the Lu Village!"

Immortal Starseizer said, "My wife is a woman of the Lu village. Back then, it was the sect that brought me away from this place. Now, we are forever separated!"

"Not long ago, I predicted that my lifespan was coming to an end. I was prepared to take the final gamble. If I didn't become an immortal, I would turn into ashes under the heavenly lightning. When I traveled the mortal world to mend my Dao heart, I came here!"

"However, my lineage had already been severed! I used great magic power to trace back to the source. It turned out that after the elders of my sect took me away, under the orders of the sect, this place bullied and humiliated my wife and children, causing my wife to be unable to bear the humiliation and commit suicide. My son was reduced to a beggar and suffered all kinds of hardships in the world. In the end, he died of hunger and cold in the cold wind."

"Tell me, how can we not take revenge?"