Chapter 912: Deprivation Scroll

The sword slashed down!

Chasing Soul, who had already been cut to death, trembled. He threw down the thunder arc sickle in his hand and collapsed!

"Soul Chasing!"

The Fire Raven let out a shrill cry upon seeing this.

Even though existences like them were extremely selfish and only had themselves in their hearts, it was undeniable that after so many years of companionship, there was something called 'friendship' between him and Chasing Soul!

Friends!

This word was heavy and precious!

Especially for people like them who walked in the dark and couldn't see the light, it was even harder to get a friend who knew their hearts!

Now.

The only cultivation he acknowledged died in front of him!

Other than extreme anger, there was also a feeling of grief!

"I'm going to kill you!"

The Fire Raven began to play with its life.

The orange flames on his body gradually turned golden!

“Oh my! As expected of the Flame Crow that possesses a trace of the Golden Crow’s bloodline. It actually retraced its ancestry under its rage!”

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat surprised.

Still.

None of that mattered!

Compared to an assassin's Soul Chaser, the Fire Crow was much easier to deal with!

In a flash, he was close to the Fire Crow. Then, with a roar, the Fire Crow, which was condensing magic power and atavizing the Golden Crow Flames, instantly fell silent!

Five seconds of control time. What kind of nightmare would that be for the brittle Fire Raven?

The end.

There was only one—

Die!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 59 half-step Epic Boss—Fire Crow. You have received 25,000W EXP and 5,000 Reputation Points! '

It was exactly the same as Chasing Soul's death!

Same experience, same reputation.

Burst rate.

It was the same!

It was the same explosion!

Starlight sparkled all over the ground!

"Is it over?"

Two notifications sounded. The System had already determined that Chasing Soul and Fire Crow should be deader than dead!

Qin Luo took several deep breaths, allowing his violently beating heart to gradually calm down!

This was his first time showing off a part of his abilities in the live-stream. The effect was very good!

She glanced at the comments. They were so dense that she could not even see the words clearly!

He took another look at the popularity. It had exceeded one billion!

Especially now.

The gamers were excited after killing the two powerful BOSSes without any injuries. The gifts were like free gifts that were given out crazily. As the popularity of the gifts increased, it attracted many gamers who wanted to open treasure chests (there would be treasure chests after large gifts, and there were small gifts inside). This made the gamers even more popular!

"There's no other way. Looks like this is the end of Nightmare Mode!"

Qin Sheng was very experienced.

Actually, this was not hard to guess!

The Land of Curses was a level 50 dungeon. According to the system's settings, the highest level monsters in the dungeon were only level 60!

Now.

Chasing Soul and Fire Crow were both Level 59, so the final BOSS would definitely be a Level 60 male BOSS. In other words, this was the final stage!

The current mode of clearing the level was Nightmare Mode. There was still an abyss in the future. There was a high chance that it was Immortal Zhai Xing's final Boss. It had to be Abyss Mode!

"Three Epic items, seven Gold items, three Skill Books, a scroll, and many other items!"

Just as Qin Luo was deep in thought, the girls quickly tidied up the battlefield.

"Take a look first. I'll gather them first!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded. He did not look at the spoils of war. Instead, he squatted down and started to cast a collection technique at the corpses of Chasing Soul and Fire Crow!

Until now.

By practicing on so many Bosses and having extremely high luck, Qin Sheng's harvesting skill was already close to master level. Epic existences would basically not fail. Only those at the legendary level would occasionally fail!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Fire Crow Feather * 20! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Fire Crow inner core * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Fire Crow Meat * 3! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting lightning arc seed * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Deep Sea Meteoric Iron * 1! '

Qin Qin had given Qin Luo five props!

The Fire Ravens were still acceptable. Apart from the Epic Core, their feathers were materials for making fire-elemental robes, and their meat was the ingredients!

However, Chasing Soul was different. The Thunder Arc Seed could be forged into an equipment that was fused with the thunder attribute. It could be used to generate the power of lightning and greatly increase one's ability. It could also awaken thunder-type skills. It was a special Epic material!

The Deep Sea Meteoric Iron was similar. It was a special metal that was hard and contained extreme cold effects. It could be used to forge a good weapon!

"Split the loot! Split the loot!"

Seeing that Qin Luo had finished harvesting, Mu Mu, who had long been looking forward to it, instantly became excited. As a little rich lady herself, she had a money-grubber personality for some reason. She especially liked dividing the spoils, which made people very confused!

Three Epic weapons, a saber, a bow, and a pair of shoes!

Qin Luo, the saber used by the Berserker, took it!

The bow was used by the archers. There were no archers in the team, so all of them were ROL. In the end, it was taken by Cyan Hair at 88 points!

Shoes, Magicians, four girls, including Cyan Silk, a light Magician (Priest), started the battle royale. In the end, Sanguine Primrose scored 3 points higher than Mu Mu and left!

Of the seven pieces of gold, Qin Luo Sheng was only interested in one ring and one necklace. It was a pity that he did not manage to get them. The other five pieces of regular equipment did not catch his eye at all and he gave them all up!

The miscellaneous items, scrolls, and skill books were all Qin Luo's. The girls had a tacit understanding to give up all of them. After all, Qin Luo had killed the Boss alone. They had not helped him at all from the beginning to the end!

The miscellaneous items were the three treasures of the BOSS!

Qin Sheng was using the scroll himself!

Skill Book, a Summoner, an Archer, and a Thief!

All trash!

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng was not interested. The four girls in the team were interested. They could not use it, but their friends could!

A round of snatching!

Qin Luo Sheng accepted the money with tears in his eyes and transferred the three useless skill books out!

Actually.

If he used a miracle of starlight to sublimate it and then sold it again, the price would be insane!

Unfortunately.

These three skill books had all been exposed. Not only the four girls, but so many people in the livestream room had also seen it. If they really did that, they would definitely be exposed. They mustn't underestimate the wisdom of the netizens!

[Deprivation Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Epic

Effect: Deprivation

Introduction: Use on existences that are below the Epic stage. Randomly deprive one of their abilities!

"Wow, this is not bad!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

Even though this Deprivation Scroll was not a grade of three question marks and could take effect on any existence, it could not be denied that its ability was truly terrifying. Randomly deprivation of an ability, if one's luck were to explode, it would deprive the Boss of the ultimate skill with an explosion of 10% health points. That would be disgusting!

Unfortunately.

This grade was a little low. Epic level!

Sigh!

Was Qin Luo a threat to the current Epic Boss?

No!

Unless it was an epic BOSS, such as a level 80 Fourth Stage or level 100 Fifth Stage!

But so what?

Facing such a BOSS, even if he had the Deprivation Scroll and his luck exploded to deprive the BOSS of his ultimate move, what capabilities did he have to fight with him?

The level suppression was too fierce!

"I'll give it a try later and see if the Starlight Miracle can sublimate and raise its grade to Legendary!"

Qin Sheng quietly put away the Deprivation Scroll and received the dividends that the girls had given him (the dividends from the equipment Roll). With tears in his eyes, he earned another sum of money, then dismissed the team and left the dungeon!