Chapter 910: Full Power

"Arrogant brat!"

The Fire Crow had a violent temper. It immediately pulled out its weapon, a broad crescent-shaped blade (similar to the double sword of the Sailor Head Dart). It flickered with a cold light and was suffused with a sharp brilliance. Moreover, along with the surging energy of the Fire Crow, a thick flame burned on its surface. In an instant, the surrounding temperature soared!

"Don't fall for it!"

Chasing Soul also took out his weapon. There were two sickles with chains wrapped around them. On the sickle's blade, one could vaguely see electric arcs revolving around it. One look at the shape and Qin Sheng immediately knew how it attacked. It was either a sharp blade slicing, a thunderclap, or a blood guillotine thrown out to control its attack from afar!

"This kid is using reverse psychology!"

His brain was still alright!

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head, expressing his approval of the spirit!

It seemed like this fellow wasn’t comparable to the Flame Crow. It was indeed as the introduction described by the Heavenly Eyes had detected!

Even Qin Sheng, who had been treated with such disdain, was not blinded by his arrogance, nor did he look down on juniors who had advanced too much because of his seniority.

Looks like…

He had underestimated others!

That made sense!

Given the legendary experiences of these two fellows, it was impossible for them to not have some tricks up their sleeves even until now!

Everything else aside.

At least.

His ability to stay alive was not bad!

"Phew… I almost fell for it!"

The Fire Crow calmed down and took a deep breath. He looked at Qin Sheng and snorted coldly, "Brat, you're actually using reverse psychology. However, it's useless! We're both bad guys!"

"Want to take them down one by one?"

Chasing Soul also gave a bloodthirsty smile. "Let's not talk about whether you have the ability or not. Even if you do, we won't give you the chance!"

Qin Sheng:…

"You're thinking too much! I'm not trying to goad you, but—"

The corners of Qin Sheng's mouth twitched as he smiled coldly. Although his smile could not be seen, it looked even more sinister under the contrast of the devil's mask that covered his face. "— It's just simple and honest!"

“What do you mean?”

The expressions of Huo Ya and Zhui Hun, who had seen through Qin Luo's tricks, instantly froze on their faces. Their expressions darkened as they looked at Qin Luo Sheng with extremely unfriendly gazes.

"What do you mean? Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed maniacally. "What I mean is, what I mean on the surface. You two pieces of trash can come at me together. I'm afraid that if one of you comes, it won't be enough!"

"Arrogant brat!"

"How rude!"

The Fire Crow and Chasing Soul were instantly enraged!

“Lightning art!”

The thunder rumbled. The scythe that was pointing at the soul gathered and slashed towards Qin Sheng's head!

"Fire magic!"

Flames filled the sky and were activated from the Fire Crow's crescent blade. It transformed into a fire dragon that spewed out and then exploded in the air, scattering in all directions and surrounding Qin Sheng!

"Heart of Courage!"

"Heart of Honor!"

“Spirit of the Flower Goddess!”

“God domain!”

"Super Dimension!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Ice Skin!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Sacred Dragon Descends!"

"Magic conversion!"

"Demon Sword!"

He quickly activated all sorts of augmentation pills and talismans. Then, Qin Sheng began to perform his solo enhancement show!

Twelve augmentation skills!

It was simply breathtaking!

“Brat, you…”

The complacent smile on Fire Crow’s face immediately froze!

"???"

Chasing Soul was also shocked!

He had originally thought that it was just a noob who did not know the immensity of heaven and earth. He did not expect that it was actually a prehistoric Overlord Dragon!

Looking at all kinds of lights flashing and all kinds of terrifying phantoms appearing behind him, and even the aura of a god among them, he was paralyzed on the spot, okay?

Was he even human?

Beast!

"The show is starting!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave a strange smile. However, no one saw his smile, which was bathed in lightning and flames. Naturally, they also did not see a trace of paleness in the dense light that shone from the various augmentation techniques. "Ice Ring Barrier!"

"Slash!"

A berserk sword aura surged out, crossing a distance of fifteen meters and slashing heavily onto the dazed Fire Raven. The tyrannical attack caused the Fire Raven’s thick HP bar to visibly drop!

-4,85020!

He was still short of 15,000 to break 500,000!

This.

Except.

A normal A!

That was all!

Not only were the netizens in the broadcast room dumbfounded, even Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were dumbfounded!

"No, impossible!"

Feeling the intense pain coming from its body, the flame crow looked as if it saw a ghost!

He was clearly a Berserker, so why was his attack range so far?

And.

What was with the damage?

She almost cut off one-tenth of his Health Points?

"Quick, old ghost, let's attack together and kill that brat!"

The Fire Crow was scared. It instantly turned into a mad dog and began to crazily attack!

"Soul Capturing!"

The Fire Ravens were afraid, but so was Chasing the Soul.

Even.

He was even crazier than the Flame Crow!

He immediately used his unique skill!

"How is that possible?"

Once the unique Soul Stealing Skill came out, both Chasing Soul and Fire Crow let out a sigh of relief. Chasing Soul was very understandable. After all, how could they not be familiar with their own abilities? As for Fire Crow, he had been stuck together with Chasing Soul for so long after all, so he was also very clear about the ability of Chasing Soul. Once he made a move, and hit the target, it was basically guaranteed that he would succeed!

Yet.

They were stunned on the spot when they saw Qin Sheng, who had charged out of the sea of fire like a demon and was unaffected by the 'Soul Capture'.

"Impossible!"

Chasing Soul nearly had a mental breakdown!

"With my abilities, even the invincible Great General was not spared. You, why did you…"

Qin Luo Sheng remained silent!

He was not the dumb BOSS from One Piece. When he encountered an opponent, he would first introduce himself. He did not even need the enemy to ask him to expose his abilities and weaknesses!

As for why?

It was very simple!

[Courage] was immune to all negative mental effects!

Soul Chasing, this idiot's skill "Soul Capture" had an effect similar to Soul Capture. It was breathtaking, causing people to unconsciously fall into a state of fear or shock, allowing them to be slaughtered at will!

Unfortunately.

This was useless against Qin Sheng!

"Forget it, old ghost. Let's attack together and kill him!"

Seeing that Chasing Soul was still immersed in the shock of the uselessness of his ultimate move, the Fire Crow clenched his teeth tightly. He knew that letting his dear friend continue to doubt himself like this would only bring about his own destruction. With a roar, he took the lead and pounced towards Qin Sheng!

"Burning Blade Slash!"

—————————

The following does not count as the main text!

PS1: [Ice Ring Barrier] Passive effect. When attacked, there is a chance to activate the Barrier and form an ice wall. It can completely block some of the damage. Active effect. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. When the single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own mana), you are completely immune to damage. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. When the single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own health points), you are completely immune to damage! Duration: 30 seconds! Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS2: [Heart of Glory] has been depleted. As a hero of the empire, the emperor admires and desires the people. One can borrow the destiny of the empire to strengthen oneself. Once activated, all attributes will be + 100%, attack power will be + 100%, defense will be + 100%. Lasts for 5 minutes. Cooldown: One day!

P.S. 3: [Spirit of the Flower Goddess], after breaking the Godly Essence, the Flower Goddess resides in this world. Even though her consciousness is gone, her energy is still there. After activation, all attributes will be + 100%, Health Points recovery speed will be + 30% per second, Mana recovery speed will be + 30% per second. Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS4: [Holy Dragon Descent] Set skill. After activating it, you will receive Holy Dragon Blessing. All attributes will be increased by 150%. Attack distance + 10 meters. Each attack will have 10,000 Holy Dragon Inferno Damage. Duration: 1 minute! Cooldown: 24 hours!

PS5: Super Dimension: After activation, magic attack power will increase by 100%, magic critical strike chance will increase by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS6: God's Domain: After activation, magic attack + X (Magic Attack * Class Advancement number * LV) points. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

PS7: The reason why the Divine Territory was activated was because of the magic conversion effect. It could convert magic attacks into physical attacks. As for Holy Dragon Descent and Holy Flame, it added 15 meters of attack distance. This meant that it was destined not to focus on skill attacks but on flat A attacks. After all, after the enhancement, the first physical attack would explode. The skill damage might not even be as high as ordinary normal attacks. Hence, he used the magic sword technique. This was a skill that increased physical damage and magic damage.