Chapter 915: Immortal Starseizer

"This is Immortal Starseizer?"

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

From the looks of it, it did not look like it at all. Instead, it looked like a Daoist cultivating in the deep mountains!

"You're too kind!"

In the Abyss Mode of solo clearing, everything was based on reality. Not only was the battle real, the scene was real, but the NPCs and monsters inside were also real. Under such circumstances, they were no longer tools that were forcefully arranged by the system. Instead, they were more like real people who had experienced everything!

There were people who were happy, angry, sad, and angry!

Under such circumstances.

The final storyline of the instance dungeon and the final storyline to obtain the final reward would also begin!

For example, this cursed land!

Immortal Zhai Xing had appeared, and he would reveal all of his actions and plans. He would explain the reason, which was equivalent to going through the entire mission process. He would treat the instance dungeon as a normal mission and finish it!

For example.

Demon Palace dungeon.

The background was that the Undead Lich had brought along the overwhelming power to destroy the 17 cities, causing the Second Prince of the Tarling Kingdom, Lin Xiao, to escape with his subordinates!

Then, there was a series of intricate games and plans, etc!

Cursed Land was the same!

Previously, from the introduction words of the other Bosses, it could be seen that this Daoist, who appeared to be honest and calm, and whose name was Immortal Zhai Xing, had a huge secret!

“Heaven Eyes!”

Qin Luo Sheng silently took a cup of tea from Immortal Zhai Xing's hands. Lowering his head, he opened his Heavenly Eye and swept it over. Only after seeing nothing out of the ordinary did he relax.

If this guy poisoned her the moment he arrived, it would be really difficult to deal with!

After all.

Since they had already killed their way here, they must understand the contents of the quest and the background of the instance dungeon. If they did not drink tea, they would not be able to continue!

Fortunately.

Immortal Starseizer was very skilled, or perhaps it could be said that he was extremely confident in himself and disdained to do such a thing as poisoning others!

"Where did you come from?"

After tasting the tea, Immortal Zhai Xing, as the host, naturally took the initiative to raise the topic.

"Accident!"

Qin Luo replied casually.

This was not posturing, but something!

What the f*ck. Was there any deeper meaning to this dungeon?

That's right!

I just reached the level and got the rewards for the next dungeon. I don't mean anything else, so don't imagine!

"I see!"

Immortal Starseizer was slightly startled, but he quickly regained his calm. He said, "It is fate that we meet. Regardless of whether or not you have come here with a purpose, since you are already here, are you interested in hearing this poor Daoist's story?"

"I don't dare to ask for your permission!"

Qin Luo Sheng knew that this was the background of the mission. He did not lack this bit of time, so he was naturally all ears.

Besides.

In the background of the dungeon, perhaps there was also the smuggled goods that Immortal Starseizer had inadvertently revealed. Perhaps he could find some clues from inside and obtain a lot of information. It would be extremely helpful for the upcoming battle!

"Do you think people can live forever?"

Immortal Starseizer didn't tell the story. Instead, he asked Qin Sheng a question.

"Yes!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded and gave an affirmative answer!

"Difficult!"

Immortal Zhai Xing shook his head. "Although humans are like other races, born in the ancient times, compared to other races, the path of cultivation and longevity is extremely difficult!"

Qin Sheng:…

This.

Big boss!

Are you mistaken?

Humanity had difficulties cultivating?

How could those demons, mountain spirits, and ghosts endure this?

"You don't seem to believe me?"

Immortal Starseizer looked at Qin Sheng's expression and easily guessed what he was thinking. Thus, he said, "Humans are born with a Dao Body. Compared to other races, their advantages are extremely obvious. Generally speaking, after cultivating for dozens of years, even if one's aptitude is mediocre, one can easily subdue spirits that have cultivated for hundreds or even thousands of years. There are even those with outstanding talent who can kill a thousand-year greater demon, ten-thousand-year old monsters, and so on!"

"Then…"

Qin Luo could not help but ask, "Then why did you say that earlier?"

"Cultivation does not mean longevity! Qi Refinement cultivators do not mean longevity!

Immortal Starseizer shook his head and sighed. "All things in the world, Yin and Yang are balanced. There are advantages and disadvantages, and no race can avoid them. Humanity has the advantage of being blessed by the heavens, so naturally, they will suffer the jealousy of the heavens, and are very weak in other aspects!"

"Lifespan?"

Qin Luo immediately understood and called out.

"That's right, lifespan!"

Immortal Starseizer said, "The greatest shackle of humanity is lifespan!"

"Since ancient times, there have been countless outstanding talents in the human race. Geniuses are like the sands of the Ganges River, and there are countless stars in the sky. However, how many people can attain the Dao and ascend, enjoy the Great Dao, and live forever?"

"That's right. The human race is blessed by the heavens. In just a few decades, they have been able to walk the path of other races for hundreds of years. It is a thousand years' journey. Furthermore, these people are also the ones with mediocre aptitudes."

"Even if you succeed in your cultivation, you can at most extend your lifespan. Even if you are at the peak of the Mortal Realm, you will only live for a thousand years. This is incomparable to those lowest level demons!"

“Moreover, the most terrifying thing is that one’s lifespan of a thousand years doesn’t mean that you can maintain your peak of a thousand years. Even immortals have the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, let alone mere mortals. Ordinary people, at the age of destiny, their bodies are already close to decaying, gradually approaching the end of their lifespan. Cultivators, their lifespans will decline. Even though this will continuously be delayed as their cultivation realms increase, there will still come a day.”

"What's the use of having a high cultivation realm, strong magic power, and long lifespan? When you experience Celestial Decay, even if your cultivation reaches the heavens and earth, your corporeal body will have already decayed. In the end, you will only turn into yellow soil and die in silence, never to exist again!"

“Is there really long life in this world, is there really eternal life?”

Qin Luo was silent!

Immortal Zhai Xing's words represented the thoughts of countless cultivators!

A lifetime of living in seclusion, cultivating the Dao and Buddhism. In the end, looking back on one's life, how weak was that? He didn't enjoy being loved by his parents, didn't accompany his wife, and didn't have his children around him. What was that?

The most terrifying thing was…

He had automatically given up his life as a normal person. After losing the joy of family, he could not pursue the Great Dao, and he did not realize his dream of living forever. Then, what was the point of this life?

It was like a joke!

No wonder.

In the end, many martial cultivators would either be filled with regret or abandon their dao and become demons!

It was not because their mental state and cultivation level were insufficient, but because this hatred and regret could not be washed away even with the water of the Three Rivers and Five Lakes!

"I really can't accept this!"

Immortal Starseizer's tone suddenly changed. "A nameless, nameless figure who trains in the deep forests of the mountains, who doesn't know the passage of time, who doesn't know the passage of time, who doesn't know the passage of time, who doesn't know the passage of time, who is devoted… in the end, all is for naught, all for naught!"