Chapter 919: Trap And Choice

"Tell me, how can we not take revenge?"

The enmity of extermination, the severing of all descendants!

This was a huge grudge!

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng spat out two words without hesitation.

"As for the bully who caused the death of my wife and children, his descendants are the descendants of the current village head of the Lu Village. After many years of development, not only does he firmly control the entire Lu Village, but his bloodline is also spread throughout the entire village. The majority of the village are related by blood. It can be said that the entire Lu Village is basically filled with the descendants of that bully! Tell me, what should I do?"

Qin Luo immediately fell silent.

No wonder.

No wonder Immortal Starseizer was so vicious!

Not only did the son of the village head of the Lu Village overthrow his father's "rule" and become his pawn, he had also caused the entire Lu Village to be in a foul mood. It was no longer a paradise with mountains and clear waters. Instead, he had "militarized" and bewitched the new upper echelons of the Lu Village, led by Lu Da, to establish Zhai Xing Lou, causing the Lu Village to suffer greatly.

Besides.

He even tortured the villagers of the Lu Village!

For example.

He fed the living people of the Lu Family Village to the Flying Moon Tier zombie so that it could suck blood!

The bloodless corpse had been fed to the spirit beasts of the Beast Tamers. It was good for nothing!

The poor villagers of the Lu Family were not only killed, but their bodies were also destroyed. Not even an intact corpse was left behind!

"Initially, I only wanted to use the excuse of Zhai Xing Lou to undergo the tribulation here. I wanted to turn this evil place into ashes under the lightning tribulation and never appear in this world again!”

Immortal Zhai Xing continued, "However, I have a better goal now! A mere Lu Family Village, a mere mortal of the Lu Family Village, can be destroyed with a wave of my hand! And the culprit who caused my entire life's tragedy is the first target of my revenge!"

"So?" Qin Sheng said, "So you're prepared to settle the Lu Village and then go to the sect for revenge?"

"That's right!" Immortal Zhai Xing said, "If I didn't need to make some preparations, I would want to immediately charge into the sect and annihilate all those sanctimonious hypocrites. Since I can't, I want to exterminate all the direct descendants and bloodlines that they have spent their entire lives nurturing. I want them to have a taste of the pain of having no descendants and having no one to worship the temple in the future!"

"Then what are you going to do with me?"

Qin Luo asked again.

"Benefactor, I am indebted to you. Although I admit that I am not a good person, I am not an evil person either. Everything has a cause and effect. Benefactor, you have received the Daoist Canon from the Mondao School, and you have received a debt of gratitude. Furthermore, the Dao Sect is the strongest and most mysterious sect in the Grand Xia Empire. Your reputation has been damaged, your strength has been damaged, and you have impeded the power of the Grand Xia Empire."

Immortal Starseizer said calmly, "Thus, in order to prevent Benefactor from leaking information, or even helping us become enemies, and becoming an obstacle to my revenge, Benefactor, please stay here and meditate for a few days! When I am ready, I will personally go to the sect to take revenge. At that time, I will naturally let Benefactor leave without harming Benefactor in the slightest!"

"Ding… congratulations on triggering a selective hidden mission. You have two choices now: One, agree to Immortal Zhai Xing and cultivate in Zhai Xing Lou for ten days. You will receive Immortal Zhai Xing's gratitude and have a certain chance of obtaining his inheritance. Two, meet Immortal Zhai Xing in battle and report that you have succeeded or convince Immortal Zhai Xing that you have succeeded. (Note: Killing Immortal Zhai Xing is a hidden final condition. Complete the mission and you will receive the most generous reward.) You will receive an unknown reward!"

At this moment.

The system prompted.

"This!"

Upon seeing this multiple choice question, Qin Sheng was instantly dumbfounded.

It was easy to understand.

But.

This was f*cking hard to choose!

"Choose two!"

After much consideration, Qin Sheng still made his decision.

Nothing else.

The second option was more challenging and had more rewards!

Even if the first choice was very good and he could obtain gratitude and Immortal Zhai Xing's inheritance without doing anything!

Yet.

This happened to be the most confusing!

Not to mention completing this condition, he would need ten days of rest first!

What did it mean to rest quietly?

To put it bluntly, he was under house arrest!

Ten days!

What if Qin Sheng did not do anything during these ten days?

Wouldn't the world turn upside down outside?

Even with his current level, it would not be easy for others to catch up to him. However, ten days was enough for the group of ferocious people behind him to bravely chase after him and get infinitely close to him!

Besides.

Given Qin Sheng's personality, how could he be willing to stay in one place for 10 days? Moreover, it was 10 days where he could not do anything at all. He even had no f*cking girls to accompany him, no delicacies to enjoy, no entertainment measures…

Green lamp bitter tea!

The meditation cushion!

Who could stand this?

Besides.

There was another trap!

Immortal Starseizer's legacy had a certain chance of being acquired, not an absolute butterfly!

In other words.

If he wanted the legacy, it would depend on his mood!

If I give it to you, it's yours. If I don't give it to you, you can only watch helplessly.

So.

The first choice was the giant pit!

Aside from the gratitude of Immortal Starseizer, who was completely useless, there was nothing else!

Not only that.

If he really made such a choice, there would be endless trouble in the future.

After all.

After learning of Immortal Zhai Xing’s plan, he was willing to hide and not send a message to the Daoist Path. Even if one said that one was helpless, that one was controlled by Immortal Zhai Xing and had no control over one’s own body, would others listen? Even if they did, not everyone would listen.

The name Weeping Soul Beast resounded like thunder in his ears!

While bearing the benefits of such a loud name, one would also bear the negative effects!

Human nature!

It was a very complicated thing!

Once the news of him crying his soul and Immortal Zhai Xing colluding together spread, even if the first-hand information was objective and not biased in any way, and even favored him and said good things about him, once it was spread, it would not be up to him!

Rumors spread like wildfire.

It was a maxim!

Not to mention other people who did not know the truth, even those from the Dao Sect who knew the truth might not put in a good word for him and clarify the truth!

After all.

The treasure of the Dao Sect's ancestral court, the Dao Repository left behind by the Dao Ancestor.

Such a supreme scripture was actually obtained by someone who was neither from the Dao Sect nor Daoist. How could this not make those who had been in the Dao Sect for countless years without the qualifications to touch such a supreme scripture feel jealousy and hatred?

"F*cking system, you're really crafty. F*ck, if it wasn't for the fact that I don't like restrictions, I would have fallen into your trap!"

Qin Luo was drenched in cold sweat after he had thought things through. "MLGBD, needless to say, if we really chose the first option, not only would it offend the Dao Sect, it would also disappoint the emperor. Not to mention the countless obstacles that came from the dark, just the loss without the support of the big boss is indescribable!"

The largest religion in the Huaxia area!

The Great Xia Empire, the largest power in the Hua Xia warzone!

These two forces were offended!

The aristocratic families of the third party would definitely not dare to come into contact with him!

In short,

He was silent. If he chose to join forces with Immortal Starseizer, then it would be difficult for him to advance in the future!

"Master, what's your choice?"

Seeing Qin Sheng remain silent for a long time, Immortal Starseizer's eyes turned cold. He issued an ultimatum, "Do you choose to stay here safely, or…"