Chapter 911: Killing The Boss Without Damage

Burning Blade Slash!

Flame Crow’s famous unique skill!

The principle was very simple. It was to infuse the fire-elemental energy that contained some of the Golden Crow’s residual power into a special weapon through transmission. Not only would the weapon be able to increase the intensity of the flames, but it would also make the blade’s edge even sharper. It could easily cut through thick and solid metal armor, and it also had a special flame damage attached to the attack. Once the skin was scraped and entered through the wound, it would explode in the enemy’s body, attacking the internal organs and meridians and blood vessels!

equivalent.

He was either cut into two by the saber or severely injured by the flames!

Extremely overbearing and ruthless!

‘ Of course.’

It was not absolute.

As long as he could not break the defense, he had nothing to fear!

Except.

Such a powerful attack coupled with the sharpness of a special weapon made it difficult for ordinary people to resist even if they wore solid armor!

"Brat, go to hell!"

Fierce flames burst forth from the body of the Fire Crow. The crescent blade in his hand was also thin and distinct in the patterns of the flames under his control. It was just like a sharp blade that had been burnt red as it sliced towards Qin Sheng's weak chicken body. He wanted to put on a show of the Fire Blade slicing through butter to finish off his attack!

"MISS!"

Yet.

A huge MISS caused Fire Crow's plan to fail completely!

"Impossible!"

The Fire Raven’s eyes instantly bulged out!

He looked up.

He looked at Qin Sheng, who was completely unscathed and even had a mocking smile on his lips!

He lowered his head again.

He looked at the burning crescent blade in his hand!

His face was filled with doubt!

"What is this monster?"

The Flame Crow groaned inwardly!

Having debuted for so many years, he had encountered countless enemies. There were also many opponents who had caused him to fall into a state of absolute death, with his life hanging by a thread!

But.

No one had ever been as terrifying, exaggerated, and… hopeless as this freak!

"Don't give up!"

Just as the flame crow was doubting his life, Chasing Soul ran out. Just now, it was the flame crow who consoled him, to the extent where in order to raise his fighting spirit, he didn’t hesitate to put himself in danger, going up alone. Now, he came out, but the flame crow went in. It was his turn to comfort him, activate his close friend’s desire to fight, as well as… his desire to live!

"Soul Chasing!"

Chasing Soul used a skill that had the same name as his own, and his body instantly transformed into lightning, breaking through at a speed that was invisible to the naked eye. The sickle in his hand, which was filled with lightning arcs, slashed heavily towards Qin Sheng's neck, intending to kill him with a single blow.

As expected of two LYBs who shared the same stench as the Fire Crows. Their attack styles were almost the same. One wanted to cut them into two, while the other wanted to behead them!

How ruthless!

"MISS!"

Except.

Another huge MISS appeared above Qin Luo's head!

This time.

It was Chasing Soul's turn to be dumbfounded!

"Two old pieces of trash. You want to stir up trouble in the face of the mighty? You're too inexperienced!"

Qin Luo Sheng mocked in disdain. These words were as light as a feather, but they were like thunderclaps that exploded in the hearts of Chasing Soul and Fire Crow. This made them incomparably resentful and so angry that their faces turned red!

"You attacked me once. Now, it's my turn!"

Qin Sheng did not want to care about the mental activity of the two Bosses. He tested out the Ice Ring Barrier's ability and was quite satisfied with its effect.

Since the ability test was over, then there was no need for the existence of these two tools, Chasing Soul and Fire Crow!

Even though the two of them were only half-step Epic warriors, it was easy to kill them!

Still.

The Ice Ring Barrier was strong, but it could only last for 30 seconds. It was better to move quickly!

Although he didn’t have the Ice Ring Barrier, with his current strength under twelve amplification states, it didn’t matter if Chasing Soul and Fire Crow, these two fellows with tacit cooperation, attacked together. It was just that there was no need!

If he could solve the problem easily, why would he increase the difficulty?

"Yan Ling!"

The Fire Crow shuddered in fear as it watched Qin Sheng's ghastly face approach. It could not help but use its own abilities!

"Is that all you've got? What happened to your nonchalant attitude just now?"

Qin Luo rushed over and attacked furiously with the Sacred Dragon Sword. The explosive damage caused the Fire Ravens and Chasing Spirits to retreat in defeat. Even though they were constantly using the crescent moon scimitars and thunder arc sickles to defend themselves, there was nothing they could do about it. Qin Luo's attack speed was too fast and they were completely unable to block the tide-like attacks. Their bodies were soon covered in wounds!

"Trash! Trash! Trash! How dare you boast like that?"

Spirit of Yan!

Fire Crow exclusive skill!

The effect was extremely strange. It was the same as the legendary Crow's Curse. It was a super… low-level version of the spell!

It was supposed to be an absolute killing move.

Yet!

Having encountered a freak like Qin Sheng who did not eat any spiritual effects, it was completely useless!

The Fire Raven had never imagined that its ever-successful ability would actually suffer a setback here!

This was too difficult!

Because.

Using the spirit of speech not only consumed one's spirit and energy, but also required concentration, chanting, and preparation. How much time was wasted?

Now.

It was useless. How many resources were wasted?

For that.

Qin Sheng even seized the opportunity to rush over and attack furiously, taking a few more hits!

Chasing Soul, who had been standing guard for him at the side, had been gritting his teeth and resisting Qin Sheng single-handedly during this period of time. There were scars all over his body and his injuries were extremely severe!

“Old ghost!” The Flame Crow couldn’t help but cry out in alarm when it saw Chasing Soul, who had never been in such a sorry state and was already on the verge of collapse. Its eyes immediately turned blood-red as its entire body began to expand. Flames invaded its entire body. “Little ghost, I will swallow you whole! Ancestral Awakening Fire Crow Transformation!”

Under desperate circumstances.

The flame crow finally completely released all restrictions, bringing out its most powerful move!

He, who was originally the incarnation of a strange beast, had now reverted back to his ancestral state. From his human form, he had returned to his beast form and turned into a crow that was covered in flames!

“That’s it?”

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye swept over and was filled with disappointment when he saw that this fellow only had a slight increase in strength!

It was half-step Epic just now, but now, it had exploded. It was even half-step Epic!

This was the ultimate move?

How useless are you?

"Slash!"

Qin Luo Sheng no longer held any hopes as he endured the Fire Crow's frenzied attacks. Under the effect of the Ice Ring Barrier, all of the Fire Crow's attacks were MISSed. Then, he caught the severely injured and dying Chasing Soul and attacked wildly!

Injuring ten fingers was not as good as breaking one!

Qin Qin Sheng agreed.

As the saying goes, if you cut the grass without removing the roots, it will grow again when the spring breeze blows.

Now that Chasing Soul was on the verge of death, if they did not take the chance to kill him to prevent future troubles, could they keep him for the new year?

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 59 half-step Epic Boss—Soul Pursuit. You have received 25,000W EXP and 5,000 Reputation Points! '