Chapter 917: Guidance

"Going up the mountain to learn martial arts, sweeping the ground for 30 years, chopping wood for 30 years, serving tea and water for 30 years, and a whole 100 years. However, only 10 years have passed down some superficial techniques. If it wasn't for the sect's deep heritage and abundant spiritual qi, an ordinary disciple of a sect would have fallen at this stage and died from old age!"

"After formally becoming a disciple and learning the arts, we built our foundation in 50 years. To put it nicely, we built our foundation. However, some of our fellow apprentices already had a chance of reaching the Core Formation Stage, but we were still stuck in the Refinement Stage and couldn't even reach the Foundation Establishment Stage.

"It wasn't easy for me to reach the Foundation Establishment realm, but the cultivation technique that I passed down was incomplete. If I want a follow-up cultivation technique, I either have to please my master and obtain his inheritance, or I have to make contributions to the sect in exchange for it. I can cut wood, jump into water, cook a fire, or risk my life to subdue demons and devils. I can collect Heavenly Materials and Earthly Treasures, spirit pills, and precious medicines, fight demons and beasts, and I can barely survive!

"If that's the case, then forget it. After all, Dharma cannot be said lightly and Dao cannot be taught lightly. If you want to obtain it, you must first give it to them. Those senior and junior brothers who fell on the path of immortal ascension can only blame themselves for being too humble and not having the chance to attain Dao."

"However, why must we martial cultivators, outsiders, enter the mortal world and undergo tribulations to refine our hearts? We are humans, not puppets! Refining our hearts, refining our hearts, and finally making ourselves mentally and physically exhausted, as if our hearts are dead. Is this the path that cultivators must take?"

"If that's the case, I'd rather not!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless for a long time!

In the past, when he read novels on the path of cultivation, most of them were about the grand world view and paid attention to a world. It was rare for him to put his perspective on a person other than the main character!

Yet.

Could the protagonist really represent everything?

Since he was the protagonist, he naturally received the love of heaven and earth and the joy of the Heavenly Dao (Author: That's right, heaven and earth and the Heavenly Dao are both under me). Either he would be invincible once he left the mountain and the world would be silent, or he would have a smooth journey. Even if there were difficulties and questions, he would be able to resolve them easily, or he would have many helpers to overcome the difficulties…

Who had experienced those people who died tragically under the protagonist's hands or were trampled by the protagonist?

The protagonist's life was his life, but what about the lives of those insignificant people?

The joys and sorrows of humans were different!

But.

The human heart and the human heart were the same!

No one could truly be emotionless!

Even the legendary Dao Ancestor who had forgotten all emotions could not do it!

"When I was about to give up on the path of cultivation, the sect came. Master came. Senior and junior brothers came! What could I do? Could it be that I wanted to resist? If that was the case, what would happen to the mortal fate that I had formed when I refined my heart in the mortal world? Would I just watch as my wife and children died? Only by severing my emotions, abandoning my love, abandoning my wife and children, would I be able to enter the Mystic Sect again!"

"I… am not… willing!"

"Since our aptitudes are mediocre and we won't be able to achieve the Dao and become immortals in our lifetime, why did you bring us out of the mortal world?"

"You took me away from my parents when I was young, so that I had never experienced the joy of a child. You were carefree, did not know the love of my parents, and carried joy on your knees!"

"After that, he took me away from my wife and children, causing me to regret for the rest of my life. I never had the chance to see my wife and son again. I made a poor woman lose her husband, and made a poor child lose her father!"

"How cruel!"

"This is the so-called orthodox sect of the heavens and earth?"

Qin Luo was once again rendered speechless.

Any beautiful excuse seemed so pale in the face of this cruel truth!

Killing someone was nothing more than nodding one's head.

Yet.

The things which Immortal Starseizer had said were far more terrifying than the things which he had killed. Heartslaying. Soulslaying!

The pain of killing a person was only momentary!

However, Immortal Zhai Xing represented many Xuan Gate disciples, Buddhist disciples, as well as many other sect disciples. What they had experienced was so painful that they wished they were dead. Their hearts and souls had all been lost. From then on, they became walking corpses and no longer had any emotions!

Or perhaps…

For example, Immortal Starseizer had fallen to become a demon with a single thought!

"What should we do if you encounter this?"

Immortal Zhai Xing quickly calmed himself down and returned to his calm state. He looked at Qin Sheng and consulted him solemnly.

"I don't know!"

Qin Luo replied honestly.

This was a dead question. There was no solution!

Or rather…

Everyone had their own plans!

"How should I resolve your position?"

Immortal Starseizer asked again.

"If I were you?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath, then looked solemnly at Immortal Starseizer. "If I were you, I would be honest and upright, using the three-feet azure sword in my hand to slay gods and devils, to slay all enemies before me. Regardless of success or failure, regardless of victory or defeat, I would fight against the heavens and earth, and even if I died, I would have no regrets!"

"Combat Heaven and Earth?"

"No regrets?"

The expression on Immortal Zhai Xing's face froze as he mumbled Qin Sheng's words absentmindedly several times!

"Hahahaha…"

Suddenly, Immortal Zhai Xing let out a relieved and resounding laugh. "Good, what a great battle against the heavens and earth, no regrets even if you die! As expected of the pillar of the human race that destroyed the Black Dragon King on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, a young hero! I originally thought that you were just a chess piece that many human factions pushed out, and wanted to use your identity as the Dragon Lord to make an issue of it. I never expected that you actually had such knowledge, such courage, and such heroic spirit! I, am inferior to you!"

Qin Luo blushed with shame!

He had guts!

He was just a talkative king!

As an old bookworm and the Emperor of Zu'an, how could he survive without some skills?

What was this?

He had yet to show his true capabilities!

If there was a chance, he could slaughter immortals and slay gods alone. He could first destroy the Heavenly Courts and then step on Mount Numinous. Whatever effect he wanted, he could brag to that extent!

"Let me ask you another question. You should know that with my abilities, let alone resisting the Dao Sect, even my sect is far inferior! At this time, knowing that death is inevitable, what should you choose?"

Immortal Starseizer stared fixedly at Qin Sheng, a hint of nervousness appearing on his face at some point. It was as though he very much hoped to hear Qin Sheng's answer, or rather, hoped that Qin Sheng would tell him the answer he wanted to hear right now.

Actually.

He already had an answer in his heart.

Except.

He needed approval.

He needed a guide to be sure, to be sure, to be sure, to be sure. He needed a guide to be sure that what he was thinking was correct, someone who agreed with him, someone who shared his thoughts!

And this person.

Without a doubt, it was a few words that broke through his confusion and untied the knot in his heart, allowing him to be enlightened—Qin Luo Sheng!

“If the heavens suppress me, split apart the heavens. If the earth captures me, crush that earth.”

Qin Luo Sheng thought of a saying from a certain novel on Earth. At this moment, there was nothing more suitable than this scene. Thus, his eyes were clear and his tone resolute as he roared imposingly and heroically, "We were born free, who dares to be high and mighty!"