Chapter 913: Special Skill: Berserk Punch

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to the starting point of the Level 50 [Curse Land] dungeon!

"Single player mode, begin now!"

The Abyss Mode could only be activated after the Nightmare Mode was cleared.

Qin Luo Sheng rejected the request of the four girls' team, Abyss, and asked them to lead the newbies while he himself took the reward for clearing the dungeon first!

Honestly.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dislike taking care of his sister!

After all.

In every official instance dungeon, besides the reward for solo clearing, there was also the reward for team clearing!

Who should I bring?

However…

There were many ways to do so!

Qin Luo Sheng could totally be used as an article. It could be used to sell money or exchange for supplies. There would definitely be many rich people waving large amounts of money to beg for it.

Nothing else.

After clearing the level, not only would his reputation be greatly boosted (he would appear on TV in the war zone and inscribe the Hero Monument), but he would also receive permanent rewards for his attributes. Who wouldn't like that?

Unfortunately.

Weeping souls could kiss the people, but they could not truly kiss the people!

What did that mean?

The meaning was that for the sake of reputation, Qin Sheng could let others see him through a live broadcast and get to know him a little better. He was no longer like before where he could only occasionally appear on world television or warzone television, as well as know about him through his own videos. He was too high and too proud. It would create a great sense of distance!

And now.

Qin Luo Sheng started his live stream. Originally, his fans, passersby, and even anti-fans could see him through the live stream. Furthermore, they could gain benefits from the live stream. For example, the special return scroll from the Imperial City and the teleportation runes from the Sealing Ridge, as well as the secret of the clearance dungeon being displayed just now. It allowed players to enter the dungeon after they reached a certain level and take fewer detours, etc!

This was a practical benefit!

Regardless of whether you were indebted or not, you had ultimately received "benefits" from others!

This.

It was a "kinship"!

But.

It was only limited to this!

Qin Luo Sheng could only "help the people" in the live broadcast, and could not truly integrate into the commoner players. For example, bringing ordinary players to the dungeons to help complete missions, helping out in the face of injustice, etc.

That!

The Weeping Soul Beast would fall off the ‘divine altar’!

It was also because of this that Qin Sheng could not make use of the reward to make an issue out of it. Money, props, favors, and so on!

Him.

He had to maintain his charisma!

This was very pretentious, but it had to be said that this was very necessary!

A God who could come into close contact with it, was that still a God?

Besides.

After signing a contract with Sanguine Primrose, before their wings had fully grown, they still had to rely on her. The rewards for this party dungeon would definitely belong to her. It was a pity that they could not do anything about it. At most, they would add in more players like Azuresilk and the others to gain more favors. This would also slightly restrict the strength of the Primrose Militia!

"Miracle Starlight!"

The [Deprivation Scroll], which was originally an Epic-ranked scroll, immediately turned into a Legendary-ranked scroll. Qin Sheng was very satisfied!

This way…

In the future, if they encountered any troublesome Legendary Boss, this thing would be of great use!

"Oh right, I still have a skill that I haven't learned yet!"

[Berserk Punch (Special)] requires a glove to be worn before it can be activated. Attack Speed + 50%, Critical Hit Rate + 30%, damage is fixed at 120%. Every attack has a certain probability of causing or repelling or knocking down or flying effects. After attacking the target nine times, it will definitely suffer a certain amount of internal injuries and decrease a portion of its Battle Power! It will consume 500 magic points or 1000 health points per second! Duration: Infinite! Cooldown: 10 minutes! (After actively ending the skill, it cannot be activated again for 10 minutes.)

"What the f*ck, so fierce?"

Qin Luo Sheng could hardly believe his eyes!

Was this skill really dropped from a Gold Boss?

Lu Lin!

Good lad!

Based on this generous gift of yours, there's nothing to say. I'll acknowledge you as my brother. When I meet you later, I'll let you die without any pain! (Lu Lin:???? This is how you treat your brothers. I f*cking thank you!)

"Unlocking the abyss mode alone is a little inefficient!"

As an experienced driver, Qin Luo Sheng naturally knew how terrifying the abyssal mode was. Moreover, with the nightmare mode laid out earlier, it would definitely be even harder to deal with than the nightmare mode!

Fortunately, it was not a real battlefield. It was similar to the trial grounds, where all virtualization was abandoned. Even the data had changed, turning into golden lifeforms. No matter how strong the attributes were, as long as they were attacked at a weak point, they would be as weak as they were in reality. They would be killed in one strike!

But.

The situation was not optimistic either!

This was a semi-real battlefield, which was the data of the game. However, the situation had changed!

For example.

The Bloody Barrier was ineffective. The Pain Barrier was weakened. Broken limbs and heads that would not appear in other difficulties would appear!

That feeling.

It was so comfortable!

"Summon, avatar body!"

With a call, a figure appeared in front of Qin Sheng!

Ink ice!

Qin Luo Sheng used the spirit of the White Bone Mountain as his original body to create an avatar. His ID was Ink Ice, allowing him to hold the Blood Demon Sword, the Duality Dao Sword, and the Glazed Dao Robe as the foundation. He was equipped with decent equipment and went to the Demon Palace in the wild to challenge the Blood Demon Ruthless Sword, the Blood Demon Set!

"You seem to be doing pretty well!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his body that was connected into a set. Even a blind person could tell that it was a neat set of ink ice. He could not help but laugh.

"Thanks to luck, I did not fail my mission. After more than twenty times, I have finally gathered the Blood Demon Set!"

Mo Bing also smiled and shared his equipment.

There was no doubt that the Blood Fiend Gauntlets and Blood Fiend Crowns were dropped by Qin Sheng the first time he went into the dungeon. The purest grade of the Blood Fiend Protective Armor and Blood Fiend Crown was the first drop of the Ancient Strengthening Technique. Mo Bing had not been born yet!

As for the Blood Demon Boots and Blood Demon Armor, these two were only gold!

Other than that.

There was also a Blood Demon Jade Pendant. It was of a lower grade and was only of the silver grade!

"Please help me, main body!"

Black Ice replaced the Blood Demon Set and handed it to Qin Sheng!

The Blood Devil Gauntlets and Blood Devil Crown had already been upgraded by the Starlight Miracle to Legendary and had also been strengthened to 7!

The remaining three items were dropped not long ago. Naturally, they were still the same!

A miracle of starlight flashed!

The Blood Demon Boots and Blood Demon Armor, unfortunately, did not trigger the jump. It only leveled up to Epic!

On the other hand, the Blood Demon Jade Pendant had triggered a jump. It skipped the gold and directly reached the Epic stage!

"After this dungeon, I'll go back and strengthen my equipment!"

Qin Luo Sheng returned the upgraded equipment to Mo Bing.

"Alright!"

Mo Bing smiled. He did not refuse because he was Qin Sheng's clone. In a sense, he was also Qin Sheng.

"Then, shall we begin?"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. "We still need a foreign aid!"

Mo Bing:???