Chapter 925: The Use Of Zhai Xing Lou, Immortal Zhai Xing In The Void

"Damn it!"

"Could it be!"

"It's not over yet?"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth.

After killing Immortal Zhai Xing, the final BOSS of the entire dungeon [Cursed Land], logically speaking, the mission was completed.

As the first Boss to be killed and the first player to clear the dungeon, how could the system not arrange for a television?

Yet.

This did not happen!

The television in the war zone did not appear, nor did the individual rewards appear!

What did this mean?

Other players had already taken the reward for this kill and the honor of clearing the dungeon for the first time. However, this was impossible. It did not mean that other than Qin Luo Sheng, no one else had the right to take away the reward. In addition, this dungeon only required Level 50 players to enter. Other people's qualifications were also very high.

Except.

This difficulty was simply explosive!

Even someone like him almost lost under the help of Xiaoxiao, Mo Bing, and Desert Dust.

Other players?

It was not that they looked down on him.

It was really too difficult!

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng would not underestimate the heroes of the world!

His talent, the Lord of the Stars, was such a BUG, who knew if other players would have even more ridiculous talent?

The reason he was so certain.

It was because there would be hints about the rewards and honors of clearing the level, especially for players who cleared the level for the first time. They would be forever engraved on the Hero's Tablet for other players to worship. However, Qin Sheng did not see it!

The level 50 dungeon [Land of Curses], whether it was team clearing or solo clearing, was a blank!

From the looks of it…

Then, there was only the second explanation!

Instance dungeon.

It was not over yet!

In other words.

Immortal Zhai Xing was not the final boss of the Land of Curses!

"F*ck!"

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng could not help but feel his scalp tingle.

Enhanced Legendary Boss was not the final Boss?

Then—

What was considered?

Half-step Myth, or—

A proper myth?

"Gulong…"

Qin Luo Sheng gulped down a mouthful of saliva ruthlessly. He felt his mouth dry up and his entire body heating up. His head was dizzy and buzzing as if he was paralyzed by alcohol!

"That is…"

Zhang Xuan scanned his surroundings carefully. He hadn't noticed anything earlier, but upon focusing his attention, he realized that something was amiss.

The originally clay statue of the Three Pure Ones was really like a clay statue, not revealing the slightest bit!

Now.

It seemed to possess a powerful charm. Moreover, there seemed to be some specks of starlight flickering beneath the statue. It wasn't intense, and if one didn't look carefully, one wouldn't be able to notice it at all. However, there was indeed something, and there was no doubt about it!

'Ding… You've triggered the teleportation formation. Do you wish to teleport?

They had already fought their way here. How could Qin Luo give up so easily?

Besides.

It was not as if he did not have the strength to fight.

A trump card like the embrace of Death still existed. Other than the Starlight Blessing that was used to activate the avatar and transform into Desert Dust's physical body, the other BUG skills of the Lord of Stars were not used!

"Come on!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath and did not care so much. He immediately activated the teleportation array and chose to confirm. "Let me see how formidable an existence that is even more hidden in the depths than Immortal Zhai Xing is!"

Swoosh!

White light flashed.

The teleportation from the Three Pure Ones had sent Qin Luo away from the Daoist temple and into an unknown place!

"This is?"

Before he could even open his eyes, Qin Sheng was instantly awakened by the intense discomfort from his body!

Void!

Endless void!

It was pitch black. Although one could see it, the visibility was extremely low. Even with the enhancement of Qin Sheng's equipment, he could at most see fifty meters around him.

This was not the most terrifying part!

The most terrifying thing was that this was space!

That's right.

Just space.

His body was as light as a feather, as if there was no gravity. He was floating in the air, surrounded by messy rocks. It was similar to the debris of planets in the universe. As long as he pushed and entered the orbit, he would quickly become a meteorite!

“What the hell is this place? I can’t breathe!”

Qin Luo Sheng covered his face with a pained expression.

This was a sign that he could not breathe and there was no oxygen!

"Master, I didn't expect you to reach this stage!"

At this moment.

A familiar voice rang in Qin Sheng's ears.

"Immortal… Star Seizer?"

Qin Luo turned his head and was instantly dumbfounded.

"Aren't… aren't you dead?"

Qin Sheng, who had just touched the corpse with his own hands but had not collected anything, expressed that he had been frightened.

Damn it.

His ashes had been scattered, yet he was standing right in front of him!

Ah…

There was a ghost!

"Looks like you have forgotten about Zhai Xing Lou's role!"

Immortal Zhai Xing sighed and said, "Third Lu, Fourth Lu and the rest of their souls have been absorbed by me. I have used a secret technique to communicate with the stars and the void through Zhai Xing Lou, separating their souls from their bodies. While their souls are guarding Zhai Xing Lou, they can also use meditation techniques to control their bodies in the Lu village to guard against outsiders."

Qin Luo understood.

Immortal Zhai Xing meant that the Immortal Zhai Xing he had killed on the top floor of Zhai Xing Lou's Daoist temple was a physical body, while the person in front of him was a soul!

"You seem to be having a hard time. Do you want me to help you?"

Looking at Qin Luo's increasingly purple complexion, his expression had already begun to turn dazed. The corner of Immortal Starseizer's mouth revealed a strange smile.

"There's no need to trouble yourself!"

Without oxygen in the void universe, how could Qin Sheng, who had come up with a physical body, withstand it? It was already praiseworthy that his physical body had not been torn apart by the spatial turbulence. He still wanted oxygen? Was he dreaming?

Still.

There was no oxygen here, so he had to produce oxygen himself!

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Water Vein Shock]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Water Vein Shock]!"

“Choose [Water Vein Shock]—Range!”

"Successfully chosen, the range of the Water Vein Impact has been elevated to perfection!"

In an instant.

The Water Vein Spirit Bead released a terrifying pressure. It was a skill that had been upgraded to the peak of perfection, displaying its ferocious fangs!

The terrifyingly large area of 300x300 caused a huge river to appear in the originally empty space apart from the gravel and astral winds!

"Ah… comfortable!"

Qin Sheng, who had dived into the water, let out an uncontrollable moan.

Because of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, Qin Sheng was like a fish in the water, completely unaffected. Because of this, he could breathe underwater.

That's right.

This was the solution that Qin Sheng had created.

It transformed into a huge river!

Because.

There was air in the water too!

Besides.

Not only was he not affected by the water, he was like a fish in water, his battle strength did not decrease at all and even increased slightly.

As for Immortal Starseizer, that wasn't necessarily the case.

As the saying goes, one loses while the other gains.

Not only did he solve the oxygen problem, but he also modified the battlefield and favored himself.

One stone—Three Birds!

————

< EMPTY >