Chapter 929: Explosion, Heaven-Defying Hand Of The Abyss (2)

"Damn, it looks so good!"

He focused most of his energy on his doppelgangers and controlled Luo Sheng. He watched as his doppelgangers attacked him furiously. The pleasure of the punches hitting flesh made Immortal Zhai Xing look battered and exhausted. He was either pushed back or sent flying. He felt extremely excited.

Magi fought with grace!

The battle between Berserkers was hot-blooded!

So.

The fight between the Boxing King Desert Dust was the boiling blood!

It made one's heart surge with excitement and made one feel satisfied!

No man could refuse such a method of battle, not even Qin Sheng!

"F*ck, the next time I kill a boss, I'll definitely use Desert Dust's method to fight!"

Originally, there was nothing much about the Boxing King, it was just like that!

But.

The Abyssal Hands gave the Boxing King an even more extreme sense of combat!

That's right.

At least 80% of the fighting power of the Boxing King was given by the Hand of Abyss!

One fist form, one claw form, three great special effects, two great supplementary skills, plus an unknown forbidden arcane skill, as well as the [White Tiger Seventh-Gold Sharpness] bestowed by Endowment, forcefully pushed the Abyss Hand onto the altar!

Mythical equipment?

No! No! No!

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the Abyssal Hands was the weapon of a god. In a sense, it was even stronger than the Coiling Dragon Water at its peak!

"Forget it, let's bet on Desert Dust!"

The augmentation skill ended yet another time. The ebbing of the holy flames made Qin Sheng's attacking method change from being able to attack from close to far, to being able to only fight in close combat.

With the addition of the other augmentation skills, quite a number of them had ended as well. Only a few of them were still struggling to hold on. Qin Sheng made a prompt decision and decided the key to victory. He turned his attention to Desert Dust and controlled his identity to close in on Immortal Zhai Xing. Then, he began to launch continuous chain attacks!

Under the [Tyrannical] form of the Fist, Desert Dust's ability, or rather, the ability of Abyssal Hands, could be displayed to its fullest!

Even.

In order to let the effect trigger even more thoroughly, Qin Luo Sheng even shamelessly gave the augmentation skill that should have been added to his main body to Desert Dust!

Besides.

He even used talismans and potions!

With the triple augmentation,

Desert Dust became even more terrifying and brutal!

"Ding… Immortal Zhai Xing's attributes have all decreased by 50% (excluding life magic). Special effect [Tyrannical]. The reduction effect is no longer triggered!"

Awesome!

In just a few seconds.

Under the cover of Qin Luo, Mo Bing, and Xiao Xiao, Desert Dust went all out, attacking as much as he wanted. He wasn't on guard at all. Not only did he quickly maximize the damage, he even punched ten times!

One punch reduced all attributes by 5%, ten punches were maxed out and reduced by 50%, reaching the peak!

"Change, Claw Attribute!"

Originally, because of the ban on energy, all his attributes had dropped by half, and he was cut in half at the waist. Now, because of the Abyssal Hands' [Tyrannical], his attributes were halved again!

At this moment, Immortal Starseizer, a half-step Mythical Boss, had his energy depleted and was unable to use any skills or secret skills. His attributes had also fallen to 25% and a quarter of his peak state!

How miserable!

"Kill him while he's down!"

Immortal Zhai Xing was already in such a miserable state, but not only did Qin Luo Sheng not heave a sigh of relief, he became even more tyrannical. Without stopping, he controlled Desert Dust to switch forms, transforming the Abyssal Hands into claws.

In the form of a fist, one's hand would be clenched into a fist. With strength as the main attribute, one's fighting style would be wide open, and one's strength would be able to defeat ten experts. It was tyrannical!

The claw form was the opposite of the fist form. When the hand was opened, the sharp claws of the Hand of Abyss were revealed. The fighting style had completely changed, too. It had become extremely weird.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh…”

The Hand of the Abyss transformed into an afterimage. Like a cat’s claw, it wildly brandished about, leaving behind one mark after another on Immortal Starseizer’s body.

It had a crazy Bleeding effect. Pain Block was ineffective. In addition, each claw could reduce the upper limit of a player's health by 5%. The maximum was 50%. It had a 100% chance of Bleeding, 50% chance of penetrating, and 10% chance of breaking!

The effect was simply explosive!

This was the special effect of the claw form of the Abyss—Deviant Path!

Unfortunately.

Right now, Immortal Starseizer was in his Primal form, and so he was bleeding and breaking. All of them had been crippled!

Still.

The upper limit of Health Points has been reduced, this will take effect!

The powerful 50% chance of penetration was triggered crazily under Qin Luo Sheng's high luck (the clones shared the normal attributes of the main body so that the skills were not shared but shared)!

Under the effect of Penetration, the damage was almost the same as the fist form. In addition, the attack speed of the claw form was faster, so the damage was higher.

"Benefactor, you have great means!"

Immortal Starseizer looked at Desert Dust, who was like a rabid dog, and especially at the Abyssal Hand that gave him an indescribable feeling. He couldn't help but sigh, and said, "Careful, this poor Daoist is going to be serious!… Immortal, touch my head!"

A flicker.

Immortal Zhai Xing instantly broke away from Desert Dust. His primordial spirit appeared beside Qin Sheng, and a huge hand reached out towards his head!

“What?”

Qin Luo was horrified.

Never had he imagined that Immortal Starseizer could actually teleport within the range of the Star God Restriction!

Not only that.

This skill looked ordinary. It was just touching the top of his head!

However…

In Qin Luo's eyes, there was a phantom thousands of meters behind Immortal Zhai Xing. It was like a god looking down on the common people. The pressure that made people tremble and unable to resist was extremely despairing.

"Ding… Immortal Zhai Xing has used a skill on you—Immortal caresses my head, triggering instant kill effect. You are dead!"

Ding… Life Goddess's Blessing has taken effect. You have been resurrected! '

The two prompts from the system sounded one after another, stunning Qin Sheng!

"Why, I am clearly immune to Instant Kill, but I was actually killed by Immortal Starseizer in an instant? In addition, the Heart-Protecting Mirror did not take effect?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but protest!

Except.

Now was not the time to pursue this matter. Qin Luo, who was just inches away from him, dodged his attacks repeatedly and retreated frantically!

After all, it was a half-step Mythical Boss. Even if it only had 25% of its strength, it was not something that Qin Sheng's current augmentation skill could contend against with most of its attributes. A casual attack was half a life. Who the f*ck could withstand that? It was better to temporarily avoid the edge!

Fortunately.

Even though Immortal Zhai Xing dual cultivated both magic and martial arts, his focus was still on the path of magic. In other words, he focused on spell techniques and dao techniques. He was very strong in physical aspects, but because of his powerful body, he did not have much deep research. He was not a physical existence!

Thus…

Under the cover of Mo Bing and Xiaoxiao, Qin Luo finally broke free from Immortal Zhai Xing's relentless pursuit!

However!

The situation was not optimistic!

——————

The following does not count as the main text!

PS1: The Claw Attack of the Deviant Path has been triggered. The target hit by the Abyssal Hands will bleed non-stop. The pain shield will be ineffective. Each claw will weaken the upper limit of 5% of your health. The upper limit of your health will be reduced by 50%. There is a 100% chance of bleeding, 50% chance of penetrating, and 10% chance of breaking!

Borrowing the power of the Four Symbols of Young Yin's White Tiger, the sharpness of the metal was displayed. When using fists to attack, the damage would be increased by 100%. After every nine attacks, it would definitely trigger the effect of a heavy injury. When using claws to attack, the bleeding effect would increase by ten times. After every nine attacks, the broken effect would be triggered!