Chapter 926: Fate Is Impermanent, What Can You Do?

How could there be three birds with one stone?

First, solve the breathing problem!

Secondly, he could modify his combat environment and improve his combat ability!

Third, the world of water caused Immortal Starseizer's combat power to be weakened!

Three birds with one stone!

Things were just as Qin Sheng had thought!

Except.

He had to speed things up!

Because.

Even if it was a skill enhanced by the Starlight Blessing, it would not last long in this rootless void world!

Had to—

He had to end this quickly!

"Sigh! Why are you doing this?"

Immortal Starseizer sighed helplessly. "How good would it have been if you had just left? To the outside world, you announced that I had already died, and this matter would have been dropped! But you insisted on teleporting to this void and seeing my soul. This way, even if I cannot bear it, I will have no choice but to leave you here!"

"What… are you going to do?"

Qin Luo Sheng forcefully endured the endless astral winds that were scraping his bones all around him. At this moment, he had completely changed his appearance. Compared to his previous ordinary Daoist attire, he was now wearing a cloak covered in mysterious runes. On his neck was a circle of light that was automatically rotating while emitting resplendent light. It was similar to the circle of light behind Buddha. However, it did not have the benevolence of Buddha. Instead, it was filled with ethereal and vast Dao runes!

“Do what?”

Immortal Starseizer's voice was cold. "Naturally, it is to become an Immortal and seek the Dao!"

"Could it be…"

Qin Luo Sheng looked as if he was a god at this moment, especially when the Dao rune light around his neck released an even higher level of energy aura. He asked in disbelief, "You've already succeeded?"

"No!"

Immortal Zhai Xing shook his head and said, “Becoming an immortal, how could it be so simple?… I’ve cultivated for a lifetime and cultivated for a few hundred years, yet I’ve only touched upon the threshold of the Immortal Dao. However, this is already my limit. At the moment when my lifespan is about to be exhausted, only by taking an unorthodox path will I still have a chance of survival.”

"Initially, I only wanted to make a trip through the mortal world and find a descendant of the bloodline left behind in the mortal world before entering the sect's back mountain to enter seclusion to protect my Dao. I wanted to make it up to him, give him some immortal opportunities, lead him onto the path of cultivation, or give him riches and honor. I wanted to enjoy a lifetime of glory and be a rich man. However, when I reached the Lu Village and traced back to the source, the scene I saw made my killing intent boil."

Qin Sheng:…

This.

Immortal Starseizer had said this before.

Indeed.

If Qin Sheng had been in his position, he might have been even more ruthless!

In the end, Immortal Zhai Xing still cultivated for hundreds of years and his Dao heart still existed. Even if he degenerated into a demon, he still had some leeway. It was in line with the Daoist's prophecy of 'Heaven Amplification 50, Escape'!

"Immortal Ascension is slim to begin with. Since that's the case, why don't I abandon it and use my last remaining strength to take revenge on those bastards who harmed my entire life and harmed many disciples who were in the same situation as me!"

"I was the one who gave my pitiful wife and children an explanation for the disaster in the Lu Family Village. I am also the culprit. Therefore, I will atone for my sins with my soul dissipating!"

"As for my own revenge and the grievances of my parents who have passed away hundreds of years ago, who will give me an explanation?—The sect! Those sanctimonious hypocrites wreaked havoc in the world for their own selfishness, causing countless families that were originally beautiful to be shattered. They made me, who had a bit of talent but had no chance of becoming an immortal, become a tool for the Dao Protector."

"How can we not take revenge?"

Qin Sheng didn't feel good either when he looked at Immortal Zhai Xing, whose face had turned savage and was no longer as sage-like as before.

To be able to force an expert who had cultivated for hundreds of years to such a state with a heart that was originally as cold as ice was truly regretful!

"Zhai Xing Lou was built by me in imitation of the Star Seizer Platform of the ancient Shang Empire. Although it is far from being comparable to the Star Seizer Platform that can pluck the stars and allow one to see the sacredness of the heavens with the naked eye, Zhai Xing Lou can still connect to the void and allow the primordial spirit to enter the boundless universe!"

"Ever since the ancient times, Emperor Zhuanxu's treacherous heavenly passage (Gan, old man Zhuanxu cut off my Immortal Ascension Road) caused the human gods that had existed since the ancient times to be destroyed. From then on, gods returned to the heavens, and humans returned to the earth, never intruding on each other."

“However, there are many extraordinary geniuses in the Mortal Realm that rely on the limited spirit energy of the heavens and the earth to take a different path. They cultivate the Inner Core Technique (the Grand Dao of the Golden Core) and the Outer Pill Technique (consuming medicinal pills to become immortals), ascend, and enter the Immortal Realm!”

"It's just that the current situation is getting less! After all, so many years have passed, and under the nourishment of spiritual aura, it has been excessively harvested by cultivators, causing the number of rare treasures in the world to decrease! Without spiritual aura, it's difficult for those who practice Inner Core techniques to improve! Without spiritual materials, relying on external alchemy techniques, a clever housewife cannot cook without rice!"

"It's the same for me. I've been in seclusion for hundreds of years before I was able to raise my realm to the point where I can barely cross the immortal tribulation! However, even if I don't consider the mental demon barrier, with my abilities, I'll still have a slim chance of surviving the tribulation. It's almost impossible for me to succeed!"

"If you want to solve this problem, you either continue to advance or rely on external forces. Unfortunately, my lifespan is coming to an end and I don't have the time to continue cultivating and stabilizing my realm. But borrowing external forces is easier said than done. You have to know that I have to resist the Lightning Tribulation of Immortal Ascension!"

"I had already resigned myself to fate. Who knew that the trip to the Lu Family Village made me change my mind! Becoming an immortal or not is no longer important. What I want is to take revenge for my wife and children and myself. Now that the Lu Family Village has been destroyed, it will be my sect and the entire Dao Sect's turn!"

"This poor Daoist abandoned his dying body and used a mystic technique to eject his primordial spirit and soul. Through the use of the Star Plucking Platform, he entered the endless void of the universe and devoured endless energy to strengthen himself!"

“The power of the void is all mixed up. Not only that, but there are also many special radioactive energies that are poisonous to the human body and even the primordial spirit. This is also why even though the spiritual energy of the Destiny Continent is becoming increasingly scarce, no one dares to have any ideas about the endless energy in the universe’s void!”

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked. "Then you…"

"Hahahaha…"

Immortal Starseizer laughed wildly. "To a dying person like me who is determined to die, a mere energy poison is nothing. As long as I can complete my revenge plan, I, a solitary person, am willing to pay any price!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless.

That's right!

Other people were already f*cking prepared to turn into dust, not even sparing their souls. With such determination, what was there to be afraid of?

"I know what you are capable of. Even the Black Dragon King Long Yuan is no match for you. You have a resolute personality. I knew that you would not compromise if you killed Long Yuan on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, especially in front of all the dragons!"

"I have always wanted to give up on my physical body. It would be great if I could deceive you and leave. I have also prepared a gift for you. I will give you the trinkets I have collected over the past hundreds of years, as well as the three Daoist scriptures hidden beneath the Three Pure Ones."

"It's a pity that you were born with the Heavenly Eye and could see through reality and see through the Teleportation Array that used the Three Pure Ones as the foundation of the array. However, you still came here and saw my primordial spirit and understood my plan."

"Perhaps this is fate!"

"What a pity!"