Chapter 924: Seeing The Accomplishment Order And The Forgotten System Again

‘ Of course.’

Immortal Starseizer's physical abilities weren't bad either!

Unfortunately.

This was just a superficial performance!

He was on the verge of death, and his lifespan was about to dry up. He even had no choice but to make a final gamble and challenge the tribulation lightning to see if he could ascend into immortality and ascend to the Dao. Under these circumstances, the decay of his body could be imagined.

As the saying goes, a random punch can kill a master!

Even though Immortal Zhaixing was a grandmaster of his generation, he was still no match for Qin Sheng, a hot-blooded young man!

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng himself wasn't weak. His strength was tyrannical. In addition, he was even more reckless than him, Fist Emperor Desert Dust!

Tsk!

This was really killing him!

Barrier time remaining—50 seconds.

Immortal Starseizer's HP: 8 million!

Barrier duration—40 seconds.

Immortal Starseizer's health bar: more than six million!

Barrier time remaining—20 seconds.

Immortal Starseizer's health bar: less than three million!

Three seconds left.

Immortal Starseizer's Health Points: 200,000!

"Die!"

Qin Sheng's eyes instantly turned red as he looked at the little bit of blood left. His body suddenly charged forward, and he slashed down heavily with his sword. At the moment of life and death, Immortal Starseizer also erupted, unleashing a nimble attack that did not belong to an old man at all!

Yet.

He had forgotten.

Qin Luo Sheng was not fighting alone.

If you can hide in front, can you hide behind?

You can hide for one day, but can you hide for fifteen days?

One punch.

A powerful punch.

A punch with the special effect of Berserk Punch.

It smashed viciously against Immortal Starseizer's back!

In an instant.

His health bar was emptied.

Immortal Starseizer had fallen!

At the same time.

The chaos barrier that had lasted for nearly a minute gradually dissipated, ending its mission!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 60 Legendary Boss—Immortal Zhai Xing. EXP obtained: 3200W, Reputation Points: 8,500! '

The prompt from the system made Qin Sheng, who was holding his breath, suddenly relax and let out that foul breath!

Qin Sheng could not be blamed for being so nervous.

How many Ancient Legendary BOSSES did he encounter that did not have the ability to revive?

This was especially true for the Special Category monsters. All of them possessed exceptional skills and were like cockroaches that could not be killed.

For example.

The Lich's corpse had been reincarnated three times, and the Dragon Abyss on the Terrifying Dragon Platform had been resurrected at least five times!

Tsk!

"That's it?"

Even now, Qin Sheng found it hard to believe.

All of this.

It seemed like it was too easy.

It was surreal.

Right.

It was really unreal.

You have to know.

He had prepared many contingencies, such as the embrace of the Death God, but he had never imagined that Immortal Starseizer would die before he even used them.

Could it be…

Was it because the chaos barrier had sealed off all energy, causing Immortal Starseizer to have no energy to use and thus be unable to revive?

Maybe.

It was this situation.

Well.

Why was he thinking so much?

It was over.

It was a good thing to save trouble!

"Legendary equipment? F*ck, there's actually a jade pendant! This is a good item! I killed so many Bosses and so many monsters, but not a single whiteboard jade pendant dropped! Oh right, there's also a bracelet!"

Qin Luo Sheng picked up the spoils of war from the ground and took a cursory glance at them. Instantly, his face lit up with happiness. Seven pieces of equipment, according to the usual drop rate of killing BOSSes, was not considered a lot. However, it was fine if the quantity was small. The quality had been raised!

One Legendary Equipment, two Epic Equipment, and the rest were all Gold. There was no Silver to be seen!

There was no need to elaborate on the three treasures of the boss, the Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins. There was a huge pile of them, especially the Augmenting Gems. The high-grade ones dropped four of them. They were so lucky!

The only pity was that there were no Skill Books, scrolls, blueprints, or other special items!

Still.

But when Qin Luo saw the familiar metal plaque with the words "Establishment Gang" written on it, his smile blossomed.

Establishment Order!

Another establishment order!

This was the third establishment order that he had dropped!

The first piece was sold at a sky-high price at the auction. East Imperial took it and established the first gang in China and even the world—East Imperial Pavilion!

The second piece was given to Sanguine Primrose, making this proud woman submit to him and start to get used to it, gradually turning into his plaything. This was the first step of Qin Luo's plan to reverse its host, and it had far-reaching implications!

Now.

The third party was here!

Yeah.

After such a long period of time, the gangs were no longer the same as the East Imperial Pavilion and Rose Association. After that, they established four gangs intermittently. They were the Martial Emperor's Dominating Heaven Union, the Glimmering Light Union, the Heroic Butcher's Under Heaven Union, and the Thunder Union which had fewer Thunderbolts!

That's right.

There were only six unions in the entire Hua Xia war zone!

From this, it could be seen that

Just how low was the drop rate of the establishment of a gang?!

For example, Qin Luo Sheng's luck was extremely high, and the number of Bosses he had killed far exceeded that of any other player. However, ever since the second Creation Clan Badge was dropped, only today, after killing an enhanced Legendary Boss like Immortal Zhai Xing, did another one drop!

It was simply terrifying!

Maybe.

The other four Creation Gang Badges had been dropped by a small BOSS. They were far from being comparable to Immortal Zhai Xing. The players who had dropped them had gotten some kind of dog-shit luck. There was a one in ten thousand chance that they had been discovered!

However, things could not be looked at so simply!

You have to know.

How many players were there in the Chinese warzone?

In a situation where even a Gold Boss had a chance to drop the Creation Gang Badge and there were dungeons to clear, there was no need to worry about not being able to touch the Boss, there was not even a chance!

Thus…

There were millions of Gold Bosses that died every day, right?

Even so.

After so many days, there were only four establishment gangs.

According to this comparison,

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that it was one in a hundred million!

"Why don't I build a gang too?"

Qin Luo was somewhat tempted.

As the leader of a group, they would have their own territory!

In ancient times.

It was like a feudal lord ruling over a land.

Like this.

He would have the qualifications to contend for supremacy!

Men.

The pursuit was very simple. It was as simple as waking up to take control of the world and lying on the knees of a beauty.

A single word could decide life and death. A promise was worth ten thousand gold!

Power was indeed fascinating!

"Forget it. If I have the chance in the future, I might be able to create a gang to play with. However, now is not the time. Weeping Soul Beast cannot officially walk to the front of the stage. It's better to be a lone wolf!"

Qin Luo Sheng pondered for a moment and decided to give up. "In any case, gangs are just like that. Only the weak would choose to band together. For a strong person like me, I can form an army by myself and fight against a country by myself. There's no need for that at all! It's just that my wings are not fully grown yet, so I can only lay low for the time being. Once my wings are fully grown, when the time comes for the dragon to roam the nine heavens, who would dare to be my enemy?"

Qin Sheng had put Qin Luo into his backpack!

This thing.

While there was still a considerable amount of value, he should take it out to exchange for what he needed!

Money.

No shortage.

However, the more materials and scrolls, the better.

Especially scrolls that had the power of rules, such as Time Backtrack Scrolls, Merging Scrolls, and so on. They were extremely brutal and would definitely be useful in the future!

"Eh!"

"Wait!"

"I seem to have forgotten something!"

"Something's not right!"

Qin Sheng, who had just taken out the return scroll and was about to tear it apart, suddenly had a thought. He seemed to have sensed that he had missed something.

"Right!"

"System prompt!"

"The system notification has not appeared!"

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body trembled as an expression of shock instantly filled his entire face!