Chapter 927: Half-Martial God, Terrifying Primordial Spirit Form

Sigh!

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but sigh.

He also wanted to leave after killing Immortal Zhai Xing's body!

Originally.

He fell for it.

They would follow the script which Immortal Starseizer had prepared!

Unfortunately.

The only thing he missed was the system!

As the person who had cleared the first clear of the dungeon, he actually did not receive a notification from the system, nor did he receive a reward. This was what made Qin Luo Sheng sense that something was amiss and start to look for problems!

They searched and found this place!

Now.

Facing Immortal Starseizer, who only had an Essence Soul, he endured the pain of the astral winds slicing at his soul in order to take revenge by forcefully absorbing the poisonous cosmic radiation. He did not hesitate to destroy both jade and stone, ready to fly away and be destroyed.

What could Qin Qin Sheng do?

He felt very guilty!

If he were to leave just like that, the Daoist Sect would not blame him. As for Immortal Zhai Xing, he would be able to obtain justice for himself, for the sake of being harmed his entire life, and for the sake of a pitiful individual like him who had the same sort of circumstances as him.

Even if it was like a moth flying into a flame, a shout in this desperate situation, the spirit of resistance, would pass down through this. Later on, there would also be a Qiming Lantern that could be used as a reference!

But.

Everything was ruined by him!

"You don't have to do this, Master. Perhaps this is my fate!"

Immortal Zhai Xing came to console Qin Sheng instead. "Since things have already developed to this point, then please don't show mercy and let us fight to our heart's content, Benefactor. This can also be considered as testing this poor Daoist's magnanimity! If we succeed, it means that the heavens have given this poor Daoist a chance to take revenge. If we fail, then everything will come to an end. It means that those fellows have yet to run out of luck, and this poor Daoist isn't the Savior who raised the flag of rebellion!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Alright!"

Qin Sheng nodded solemnly. "Since you're interested, I won't decline!"

Qin Luo Sheng really wanted to seek the dual cultivation method, but this was truly impossible!

Only by stopping Immortal Zhai Xing's plan could this dungeon be considered to have been successfully cleared. Only then could one obtain the only clearance reward!

If possible, Qin Sheng had thought of giving up on this dungeon reward.

Yet.

If he truly did this, it would be an insult to Immortal Starseizer. He didn't need such pity!

Besides.

Just as Immortal Starseizer had said, this battle might be a test of his ability and a test of his revenge plan.

If he could not even get past him, how could he find trouble with the Dao Sect!

You have to know.

Dao Sect's foundation was unfathomable.

Not to mention Immortal Starseizer, whose power had greatly decreased due to Qi deviation, even at his peak, he would probably find it difficult to stir up much of a storm!

However…

Immortal Starseizer was at the end of his lifespan, and he had been engulfed by the flames of hatred. He no longer had any time to wait, nor did he want to wait!

In fact.

Immortal Zhai Xing himself knew very well that he would definitely die on this trip. Thus, he only said that he wanted to set an example for those who came after him, or that both sides would suffer heavy losses and destroy indiscriminately. He wanted to kill those juniors and let the many powerhouses of the Dao Sect who had harmed him for his entire life have a taste of the pain of having no descendants!

"Master, be careful!"

Immortal Zhai Xing bowed his head, and then his Essence Soul burst forth with boundless brilliance. The round light that circled his neck flickered non-stop, transforming into elements that transformed the originally chaotic radioactive energy into lightning elements. Instantly, the entire space was filled with extremely violent destructive lightning, like a world of lightning!

Heavenly Eye!

Immortal Zhai Xing (Half-Legendary Boss)

Level: 62

Health Points: 250,000,000

Mana: 15000000

Physical Attack: 500000

Magic Attack: 450,000

Physical Defense: 300000

Magic Defense: 28,000

Speed: 50000

Skills: [Immortals caress my head] [Blossoming hair and receiving eternal life]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Immortal Zhai Xing came from the Xuan Dao Sect's orthodox sect. He had extraordinary talent and shocking talent. He was extradited into the Dao Sect since young and learned the Xuan Dao's orthodox cultivation techniques. His foundation was deep and his Dao foundation was stable. He was deeply loved by the seniors of the Dao Sect. After cultivating for hundreds of years, he finally reached the peak of the Mortal Realm. Unfortunately, when he was about to transcend the tribulation, his heart was not completely refined in the mortal world and was invaded by his inner demons. As a result, his strength fell drastically and his temperament changed drastically. In the end, he disappeared without a trace.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

What kind of divine ability was this?

A half-step Mythical BOSS?

Wasn't this on the same level as Long Yuan?

Besides.

Back on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, Long Yuan had to suppress his strength and be on the same level as him. But now, Immortal Starseizer was Level 62!

Fuck you!

The final BOSS of a level 50 dungeon actually broke the limit of level + 10 and broke through level 60 to reach level 62?

The most terrifying thing was that this attribute was almost doubled!

“The Essence Soul state is actually even more ferocious than the flesh?”

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

If that was the case…

Then, how should the ancient era’s Divine Seal Decree be explained?

A mortal body becoming a Saint had far greater potential than a primordial spirit entering the Divine Seal Decree.

Because he had lost his mortal body and had also been suppressed by the Divine Seal Decree, it was impossible for him to make any progress for the rest of his life. As for his mortal body becoming a Saint, he could still continue to cultivate and grow stronger!

But.

The problem was that Immortal Starseizer was the opposite.

Tsk!

"That's right. Immortal Zhai Xing's physical body is already completely withered. If it were an ordinary person, not to mention fighting, even being able to stand would be quite impressive. Instead, his Essence Soul left his physical body and escaped the shackles of his physical body. Releasing his true self would make him stronger!"

Qin Qin Sheng was no fool. He understood the crux of the problem after thinking about it!

“Even stronger than Dragon Abyss?”

Qin Luo took a deep breath and his expression turned unprecedentedly serious. "Although his attributes are more ferocious than Dragon Abyss's, it is undeniable that in terms of combat ability or toughness, he is far inferior to Dragon Abyss. After all, Dragon Abyss is at its peak state, while Immortal Zhai Xing only has his primordial spirit left!"

"Long Yuan can use his powerful physical body to suppress others. He can use many tools and secret techniques. However, Immortal Zhai Xing is only in the form of a primordial spirit. He has no talismans, no equipment, no tools… He has nothing. He can only rely on his powerful mental strength and the power of his primordial spirit to clash!"

"In other words, Immortal Zhai Xing is now a simple-minded man without any equipment or skills. Unless it's a secret technique, other than ordinary Dao techniques and spells, he is completely useless and can only rely on normal attacks to deal damage!"

After understanding Immortal Starseizer's current state, Qin Sheng immediately made his decision!

Now that he had a weakness, he had to make good use of it!

"Endless lightning, descend!"

Thunder rumbled through the silent universe.