Chapter 923: Master, Don'T Force This Penniless Priest To Kill You!

"Master, you have misunderstood me!"

The smile on Immortal Starseizer's face instantly froze. A fierce light flashed through his eyes, but he quickly covered it up and didn't flare up.

As a lYB, how could King Gou be angered by such rude words?

Even if he was angry, how could he show his anger?

"Cut the crap. No matter how glib your tongue is, you can forget about shaking my will!"

Qin Luo Sheng shouted coldly, "Even if I can't see through your true nature, I can still guess a thing or two. As the saying goes, when a man is about to die, his words are kind. When a bird is about to die, his cries are also mournful. Unfortunately, I don't see this in you. You are indeed about to die and your lifespan will be exhausted. If you can't become an immortal and extend your lifespan, you can only seek revenge. Because of this one mistake, you fell into the demonic path. Who would believe your words?"

Immortal Zhai Xing:…

"My Glazed Daoist Robe and Duality Dao Sword are from the Heavenly Master Sect of Mount Longhu. They came from the direct line of Zhang Tianshi's lineage, Little Heavenly Master Zhang Daoming. How can I give them to a friend easily? Therefore, even if I didn't see through your scheme, I wouldn't give them to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused righteously!

His words were not false!

Except.

There was a slight difference.

Indeed.

The Glass Daoist Robe and Duality Dao Sword came from Zhang Daoming!

But it was not a gift. He had spent crystal coins to buy it!

‘ Of course.’

Even Immortal Zhai Xing, a big shot who was about to undergo tribulation and ascend, thought highly of it. He was greedy and wanted to take it for his own. Even Mount Longhu, which had a large family and business, would not have many, much less give it to others!

Even if it wasn't the ultimate treasure, it was probably not too far off!

Even though Zhang Daoming was the direct descendant and direct descendant of the Zhang family and had received all the favor, he wouldn't have such a Dharma artifact.

After all.

The Zhang family of the Heavenly Master Sect of Mount Longhu was indeed famous, but there was never a lack of bold people in this world. Who knew if someone would take the risk and kill Zhang Daoming?

To the end.

A man's wealth is his own ruin!

With Zhang Daoming's cultivation level, he was unable to protect such top-grade Dharma artifacts. Furthermore, there were two of them!

The reason why the Glass Daoist Robe and Duality Dao Sword were so ferocious wasn't because of Zhang Daoming, but because of the starlight miracle!

Naturally.

This was also related to the strength of the Glazed Daoist Robe and the Yin-Yang Dao Sword. Otherwise, there wouldn't be such a rare thing as a Legendary equipment containing a forbidden spell!

Qin Luo Sheng had obtained so many legendary equipment. Be it Epic or Legendary equipment, none of them had ever been forbidden!

In other words…

Unless it was special, a forbidden spell was a Mythical configuration, and not every Mythical equipment had a forbidden spell attached to it!

Thus…

The uniqueness and valiance of the Glass Daoist Robe and Duality Dao Sword that both contained forbidden spells were self-evident, right?

No wonder.

Even an existence like Immortal Starseizer couldn't help but feel greedy and covetous!

"Master, you don't have to do this. I…"

Immortal Zhai Xing wanted to say more, but Qin Luo Sheng suddenly roared and interrupted him. "Cut the crap, hand over your life!—Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash!"

Relying on Xiaoxiao, Mo Bing and Desert Dust frantically tried to stall for time!

It was a ten-second blank period.

Xiaoxiao was tied up and thrown out. At this moment, she was still bound and could not get up!

Desert Dust was sent flying. If it hadn't been Qin Sheng who had summoned him using the Blessing of Starlight to materialize his body, the power of his doppelgangers would have dissipated long ago. It wouldn't have been like this. He was just heavily injured and couldn't get up!

As for Mo Bing.

Furthermore, he had turned the tide of the battle. He had used one Absolute Defense to block the sneak attack, two Forbidden Spells, one to block the Heavenly Lightning Overturning, and the other to silence Immortal Starseizer, preventing him from using his skills!

Qin Qin was very glad.

Back then, if he hadn't suddenly had a flash of inspiration, he would have suddenly thought of speeding up the dungeon's efficiency to summon Ink Ice back from the Demon Palace dungeon. At the same time, he would have used the Starlight Blessing to turn the devil-masked clone into Desert Dust, giving him a full set of Level 45 Enhancement + 7 equipment, and the only Mythical Enhancement + 10 equipment, Abyssal Hands!

Now.

THE GHOST OF THE GHOST

It was done!

Swoosh…

The Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash slashed out, accurately striking Immortal Starseizer.

Yet.

The imagined annihilation did not appear, but—

The Daoist robe on Immortal Starseizer's body was destroyed!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Hahahaha… Master, you're really good!"

Immortal Zhai Xing laughed maniacally. "If not for the fact that my Daoist robe is a top-notch Dharmic Artifact, I might have died here! Unfortunately, this Daoist robe that has been with me for hundreds of years has disappeared. However, this can also be considered to have completed its mission. Coincidentally, you have a better Daoist robe on you. Do you think this is fate? I have regained what I lost and obtained a better one!"

"Cut the crap. The battle isn't over yet!"

Qin Luo charged forward like a mad tiger, wielding the Sacred Dragon Sword.

This was because Qin Luo Sheng's charge had also stepped into the chaos barrier. His energy had been sealed, and just like Immortal Zhai Xing, his techniques were almost immobile, just like Silence!

Still.

This was exactly what he wanted!

Anyway.

In the previous chaotic battle, he did not use any skills. He only relied on normal attacks to deal damage. The current situation was the best!

After all.

Qin Luo Sheng was not affected, but Immortal Starseizer, who relied on dao techniques and spells to survive, was greatly affected.

"A small break, Black Ice Rest, Desert Dust, come with me!"

Qin Luo Sheng began to multitask once more, simultaneously controlling Weeping Soul and Desert Dust to charge towards Immortal Starseizer.

"I'll hold the line!"

Ink Ice listened to Qin Luo Sheng's suggestion. Originally, he had wanted to attack with the Demonic Sword and activate the physical form of a Spellblade. However, considering that he was indeed a little fragile and the Chaos Barrier that sealed energy at this moment was also a forbidden spell of the Duality Dao Sword, he did not know if the skill would still exist after changing, so he did not dare to move.

Xiaoxiao was the same.

She was a magical dragon to begin with. She controlled the seven magical elements of Yin, Yang, Wind, Lightning, Water, Fire, and Earth. She was the ultimate magical dragon. Now that her magic power was sealed in the Chaos Boundary, she was basically useless. Except for the Original Skills (Dragon Breath, Dragon Roar Shock, etc.), all the other skills had turned gray and could not be used!

"Layman, don't force me to kill you!"

Qin Sheng, like a rabid dog, refused to let go. He seized the opportunity and worked together with Desert Dust, forcing Immortal Starseizer to retreat in defeat.

The duration of the Chaos Barrier was determined by the player's level!

Right now, Qin Sheng's level was 58, which meant that the duration of the chaos barrier was 58 seconds, almost one minute!

He had wasted a few seconds earlier, but now there were only about 50 seconds left!

Even though Immortal Zhai Xing was extremely powerful, he could not use any skills. Even if one skill could destroy the world, it was useless if he could not use it!

Be obedient and get beaten up!

Old man!