Chapter 928: Explosion, Heaven-Defying Hand Of The Abyss (1)

"No!"

Qin Luo, who was in the sea of lightning, was scared pale by the endless lightning around him. "Even though Immortal Zhai Xing's battle prowess has been severely reduced under the Primordial Spirit State, he can still use secret techniques. Furthermore, that round light hanging on his neck must be something extraordinary. The obstruction is extremely great. We must make that thing mute!"

Rumble…

Endless thunderbolts rained down like a dense curtain of rain. Under such circumstances, not to mention a living person like Qin Sheng, even an ant or mosquito could forget about surviving.

"Ding… You are dead!"

Ding… Life Goddess's Blessing has taken effect. You have been resurrected! '

Indeed.

After enduring for a few seconds, Qin Luo Sheng finally died under the thunderous roar!

"MD, again?"

Qin Luo Sheng, who had just come back from the dead, had yet to take a deep breath when the thunderclouds began to stir again.

"F*ck, this can't continue!"

Even if he had three chances to revive, he could not help it!

Who knows how long this thundercloud will last?

Besides.

It was no longer a matter of life and death.

When the thunder fell just now, the terrifyingly high temperature had evaporated a great deal of the river of water produced by the Water Vein Spirit Bead. If this continued, then even if he didn’t fear death, under the thunder, the great river would vanish without a trace. As a rootless duckweed in the void of the universe, where would he find oxygen?

Without oxygen, even if Immortal Starseizer didn't attack, he would still die!

"If that's the case, then let the thunderclouds dissipate. Let Immortal Starseizer's round light fail. Let the entire universe fall silent!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes flickered with a cold glint. The gifted Master of Stars of SSS, activate!

A scroll shot out from his backpack and landed on Qin Sheng's hand.

It was the Time Backtrack Scroll.

Activate.

Instantly, the scroll released hazy time energy.

"Ding… Time Backtrack Scroll has been used successfully. Please choose the target that requires it!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

“Blessing target—Star God Forbidden Energy!”

“If the choice is successful, the Star God Forbidden Ground will be blessed by starlight and refined to perfection!”

Qin Luo Sheng opened the talent column and smiled!

Star God Forbidden Energy: The light of a Star God has the ability to seal energy. (Can cast an absolute magic ban on a single target. Duration is determined by talent level * 100 seconds (effective below Mythical)!)

The sealing power did not change!

What changed was time, it increased by ten times!

Moreover…

Originally, it was only effective for those below the Legendary stage, but now, due to the Starlight Blessing, it became effective for those below the Mythical stage! (The following meaning is to include the extremely low level. For example, below the Mythical stage, it means below the Mythical stage and below the Mythical stage. The same logic applies above. I'll explain it here and won't explain it in the future.)

“Star God Forbidden Energy!”

Everything went silent!

The originally mighty thunderclouds, under the suppression of the forbidden energy, died down and vanished without a trace!

Not only that.

Even Immortal Zhai Xing's cloak, which was covered in runes, had dimmed. Moreover, the round light on Qin Sheng's neck, which he had been paying attention to, had also vanished and become an ordinary object. It was no longer flickering like before!

"NICE!"

Qin Luo snapped his fingers excitedly.

Indeed.

The Lords of the Stars had never disappointed anyone!

"Power of Regulations?"

For the first time, a look of shock appeared on Immortal Starseizer's calm face. This was even more shocking and unbelievable than when his body had been slain.

"It's actually the power of law that's even more profound than the power of law. Isn't this the strongest power that only an innate god or supreme god can comprehend? Why?"

Because of the absolute forbidden energy, Immortal Starseizer, who was in the state of his primordial spirit, was also completely dark. His strength had been reduced by nearly half, and he had actually been directly cut in half at the waist!

"The chance is here!"

The previous Immortal Starseizer had an extremely strong attribute. Even though Qin Luo Sheng was still in the augmentation skill state, the ones that lasted for a short period of time had long since ended. His overall strength was even weaker than when he had fought against the Immortal Starseizer's body earlier.

If they continued to fight like this, even if Immortal Starseizer didn't use any of his trump cards or secret arts, just fighting normally would be quite difficult.

Still.

Now the tables have turned.

His attributes were severed at the waist, and he couldn't use any energy. All his secret techniques were crippled!

Both sides had switched positions!

"Black Ice, Desert Dust, Little Tiny, let's attack together!"

Qin Luo Sheng flapped his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon, while Mo Bing and Desert Dust used their flight talismans. The three of them and the dragon, like mad dogs, charged towards Immortal Zhai Xing, whose divine light was dim.

Qin Luo Sheng, Berserker + Spellblade + Fist Emperor (Without boxing gloves, it does not take effect), wore the Sacred Dragon Set, and his fighting style was wide open!

Black Ice, Spellblade. Wearing the Blood Demon Set and wielding the Blood Demon Sword, their combat methods were extremely strange. They feinted their attacks first!

Desert Dust, King of Fighting, was wearing a Level 45 Enhancement + 7 Epic and Legendary equipment. In his hand was the only Mythical Enhancement + 10 Abyssal Hands. It was incomparably fierce and violent. Due to the characteristics of the Abyssal Hands, it was even more useful than Qin Sheng!

As for Xiaoxiao, because of the Forbidden Energy, she had nowhere to release all her magic. She could only rely on the physical body of the Dragon Race to deal with them. At the same time, she could act as a meat shield and use her innate ability to help when necessary!

Xiao-Xiaojiao and Qin Sheng had signed a blood contract and their hearts were linked!

In a sense, it was Qin Luo's avatar. His thoughts were similar, and he understood his teammates' attributes and abilities. Naturally, his teamwork was excellent!

The only exception was Desert Dust. However, since Qin Sheng had taken away the control of AI, he could multitask like an extension of his arm. It was no problem for him to share the same thoughts.

Immortal Starseizer, who had been at an absolute disadvantage to begin with, had suffered a miserable defeat in the hands of this shameless squad!

Qin Luo Sheng, Mo Bing and Xiaoxiao were still alright. Their injuries were extraordinary, but they were not that fatal!

But Desert Dust was terrifying!

At this moment.

Under Qin Luo's control, Desert Dust activated the Abyssal Fist form, which was the special effect [Tyrannical]!

Injured, Pain Block was ineffective, and every punch would reduce all attributes by 5% (excluding Health Mana), with a maximum reduction of 50%. Moreover, there was also a 50% chance of repelling, 30% chance of defeating, and 10% chance of flying, causing Immortal Starseizer to be utterly defeated!

———————

Author's Note: [Tyrannical] Punch has been activated. The target hit by the Abyssal Hands will be heavily injured. Pain block will be ineffective. Every punch will decrease all attributes by 5% (excluding Life Mana). The maximum decrease is 50% of all attributes. It has a 50% chance of repelling, 30% chance of defeating, and 10% chance of flying!