Chapter 922: Best Support, Best Mvp: Mo Bing

"Dream on!"

Mo Bing, who was standing guard beside Qin Sheng, roared loudly. Energy shimmered on his body as he took a step forward to block Qin Sheng. "Glazed Golden Body!"

Boom!

A loud explosion sounded!

The casual strike of Immortal Starseizer was extremely effective!

Unfortunately.

At this moment, Mo Bing, who was bathed in the golden radiance and looked as golden as jade, was not instantly killed as he had imagined. Instead—

He was completely unharmed!

"Great, what a great Glazed Golden Body!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but laugh wildly.

Glazed Golden Body!

Effect—

Absolute Defense!

Ever since he bought the equipment from Zhang Daoming, he had never worn it!

Previously, it was because his level was not high enough, because he needed level 40!

Later on, because his level had reached the standard, he now had the Holy Dragon Set, a Legendary Set, so he no longer needed it!

Fortunately.

Later on, he had the White Bone Mountain Spirit and used it to refine his avatar. From there, he had the Ink Ice and inherited the abilities of a Spellblade. As a fragile person, he naturally needed the Glazed Dao Robe as a defense and the Yin-Yang Dao Sword as a weapon!

At this moment.

The Daoist Robe of Glazed Glass shone brilliantly. Not only did it resolve Immortal Starseizer's wave of attacks and waste his time, it also protected Qin Luo Sheng, allowing him to further complete the ultimate technique he had accumulated!

"The Dharma Characteristic of the Dao Sect combined with the golden body of the Buddhist Sect? Glazed Golden Body, good name, good technique. I wonder which expert of the Dao Sect created such a Spirit Artifact. Not only is the dao technique profound, but the art of weapon refinement is extraordinary. What's even rarer is the golden body of the Buddhist Sect. The combination of the two is simply breathtaking!"

Immortal Starseizer sighed in amazement.

"However, this little trick can't do anything to me!—Spirit Talisman—Thunder Blast!"

A talisman suddenly appeared and burned.

The next moment.

A mass of dark clouds instantly appeared above Qin Luo's head. It was densely covered with thunderbolts and filled with the might of the heavens.

"You can withstand attacks from all directions. I want to see how you can withstand the endless lightning from the sky!"

Ang…

At this moment.

Little by little, he suddenly soared into the sky and coiled his body to cover Qin Sheng.

"The body of a True Dragon and the noble bloodline of a True Dragon. It's not much inferior to the Dragon Emperor. It's indeed difficult to deal with!"

Immortal Starseizer sighed in praise. "Unfortunately, you truly are a young dragon. You have just entered the mature stage, and you have also acknowledged you as your master. You are suppressed, and your power is too weak. You are still a bit lacking to block this humble Daoist's divine lightning! However, although you are prepared to sacrifice yourself, this humble Daoist will not give you this chance. As long as this humble Daoist is powerless, then you will naturally be defeated!"

He flicked his whisk.

The horsetail whisk in Immortal Starseizer's hands, or to be more precise, the three thousand silver threads on the horsetail whisk, instantly seemed to come to life, transforming into agile wyrms that directly bound the enormous ten meter long body.

Then.

He pulled!

A terrifying power burst forth. Little Tiny's body, which was measured in at least "tons", was forcibly dragged away by Immortal Zhai Xing, who looked thin and bony. It was thrown out from above Qin Sheng's head and smashed heavily onto the ground, causing the entire Taoist temple to shake and dust to fly everywhere.

Rumble…

When the tiny body was ripped apart, the lightning controlled by Immortal Zhai Xing rolled down towards Qin Sheng.

“With me here, don’t even think about harming the main body!”

The first layer of defense, Xiaoxiao, was gone!

So.

The second defense, Ink Ice, came!

"Forbidden Curse: Glazed Titan!"

The daoist robe emitted an endless brilliance, dyeing the entire sky a golden jade color.

In an instant.

Daoist Glazed Light!

Buddhist Golden Body Light!

They appeared at the same time.

Behind Black Ice, it transformed into a golden arhat of Buddhism that seemed to be made of glazed glass. It bent its back and protected Qin Sheng and Black Ice beneath it, using its back to withstand the endless lightning!

"This…"

Immortal Starseizer was rather speechless as well.

It was one thing for the Glazed Golden Body to have absolute defense!

Now.

Another forbidden spell!

Such a defensive spirit treasure was something that even someone like him, who could barely be considered part of the upper echelons of Taoism, did not possess. Now, it had actually appeared on a little brat's body. It was simply unbelievable!

Could it be…

Was this bastard the illegitimate son of a certain Daoist master that he hated?

"Benefactor, you are indeed capable!"

However, everything was still under control. Immortal Starseizer didn't panic in the slightest. He said, "Since that's the case, then this poor Daoist has no choice but to use some of my true abilities! Immortal Fu…"

"Dream on!"

Just as Immortal Zhai Xing was about to use his skills and Qin Sheng was about to be killed in the cradle, when the move that could affect him and cause his heart to palpitate died, he stood out again.

He held the Duality Dao Sword in his hand as Yin and Yang qi constantly moved around the blade!

"Forbidden Curse: Chaos Barrier!"

The Yin-Yang Taiji diagram appeared and suddenly engulfed the entire Taoist temple. The Yin-Yang force pushed back the power of chaos, forming a chaotic barrier that sealed all energy, causing Immortal Zhai Xing, who was about to come out, to forcefully hold back his skill.

"Yin Yang Chaos?"

As a Daoist big shot, Immortal Zhai Xing was naturally not unfamiliar with the ultimate Yin and Yang Qi of this Dao Sect. However, he was shocked that a sword could actually stimulate such a terrifying Yin and Yang Qi. Moreover, it could even reverse push and turn the Yin and Yang Qi back to its source and transform into Chaotic Force!

"If I get this Dharma Sword…"

Immortal Starseizer's body began to tremble. Originally, he had felt a hint of greed in his heart because of the Daoist Robe of Glazed Glass, but now, his greed was completely aroused. His eyes stared fixedly at the Yin-Yang Dao-Sword, and the flames of desire began to blaze.

"Benefactor, why don't you stop?"

Immortal Zhai Xing, whose ability had been sealed by the Primal Chaos Barrier, had lost his most powerful attack methods. Even though he cultivated both magic and martial arts, in terms of martial arts, he was very weak. It was not because of anything else, but because he was old and weak and lacked blood energy. That was all. In addition, in order to obtain the two treasures in Black Ice’s hands, the Yin-Yang Dao Sword and the glazed Daoist robe, he temporarily called a truce.

"As long as you promise me that you will not leave Zhai Xing Lou for ten days and lend me the two Dharmic Artifacts in your hands, I can use the name of the Heavenly Dao to swear that I will pass on my legacy to you for the rest of my life!"

It's here!

It's here!

He's here!

Indeed.

Humans had to rely on themselves. No matter what, they had to fight for it and fight for it!

This…

Just now, there was a f*cking chance of obtaining the legacy, but now, it was directly 100%!

Hur!

How ironic!

"Stop dreaming. Immortal Starseizer, I won't believe a single word you say!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "You're about to die. What else can you do other than turn to dust when you're determined to die? The so-called Heavenly Dao Oath is merely a lie to a child! Do you really think I'm a fool?"

——————

The following does not count as the main text!

PS1: [Forbidden Curse: Chaos Barrier] consumes 20,000 Mana Points, 50 * X in the longitudinal direction, 10 * X (X is the player's Class Advancement number) in the horizontal direction. Within the Chaos Barrier, everything returns to Chaos Limitless, sealing all energy! Duration: X second (X is the player's level), Cooldown: Seven days!

PS2: [Forbidden Curse Glazed Titan] consumes 20,000 Mana Points. Summons the power of Vajra from Dao Sect to add to your body. Health Points recovery speed + 20% / second, Mana Recovery speed + 20% / second, Defense + 500%, immunity to all DEBUFFs, lasts for 1 minute! Cooldown time: Seven days!

PS3: [Glazed Golden Body] consumes 10,000 Mana Points, obtains absolute defense, reduces 100% of any damage, lasts for 10 seconds! Cooldown: 1 hour!

PS4: After [Abyss] is locked onto as a target, the target will be forced to use an "Abyss" DEBUFF, all skills will have their power reduced by 30%! (Continue until the end of the battle)

PS5: [Holy Dragon Deterrence] consumes 5000 mana points. When used on a single target, it can force an existence no higher than the Holy Dragon Crown (Legendary) to enter a three-second stun state! Cooldown: 5 minutes!