Chapter 920: Terrifying Attribute, Strengthening The Legendary Starseizer Immortal

"I'm sorry, our paths are different. We don't work together!"

What other choice did he have?

Qin Luo Sheng wished he could jump up and give Immortal Zhai Xing two tight slaps!

Damn you!

I was kind enough to chat with you and enlighten you. Is this how you repay me?

He kept saying that he was her benefactor and kept thinking about how he had cheated her!

Damn!

"Really? What a pity!"

Immortal Starseizer sighed helplessly. "Benefactor, you have chosen the wrong path!"

"Whether it's a mistake or not isn't up to you to decide. It's up to me to decide!"

Since they had already shed all pretenses of cordiality and were bound to become enemies, Qin Sheng no longer held back. He said with a cold smile, "Do you really think that you have me in your grasp? Immortal Starseizer! The title of Immortal is Immortal, not strength. No wonder you were treated as a discarded pawn by the sect and used as a tool to nurture a true successor. Just based on your heart that is higher than the heavens and your life that is thinner than paper, you are arrogant and conceited. Don't you even know how heavy your life can be?"

Qin Luo's words with a spear in his hand made Immortal Starseizer speechless!

Indeed.

Daoism was very particular about one's fate!

Life Providence was very metaphysical.

One life, two destinies, three fengshui, four accumulations of yin karma, five studies of virtue, six people who worship the supernatural, nine friends of nobility, ten bodies!

Fate was fate!

As the saying goes, there is no need for anything in life, and there is no need to force anything in life!

This was fate!

‘ Of course.’

Humans did not believe that.

Humanity believed in winning against the heavens!

Yet.

This was only a slogan, or perhaps it could be said that it was the spirit of resistance, as well as an indignant shout!

How difficult would it be to go against fate?

Ordinary people were fine. They dared to roar and resist. They even dared to point at the sky and scold the "villainous heavens"!

It was because ordinary people were too weak. They were like ants, unable to even attract attention.

However, cultivators were extremely powerful. To ordinary people, they were like superhumans or even immortals. At that time, they could communicate with nature, connect Yin and Yang, and even sense the heavens.

At this moment.

Try scolding?

Damn it!

If I don't arrange a Nine Revolutions Heavenly Thunder to scatter your ashes on the spot, I'll consider you handsome!

So.

Fate was wonderful, grand, and invincible!

As for the Life Matrix that was derived from this, it was similar.

Life Providence.

It was a persona that was formed between everyone because of fate's predestined arrangements!

It was just like having different personalities.

For example.

Some people were born to be princes, while others were filthy beggars.

Some people were born to be divine, and the path of cultivation was a smooth one, whereas some were extremely poor for their entire lives and were unable to step into the threshold of cultivation!

…

This.

It was fate!

The difference in their natal horoscopes had long since caused countless differences!

Immortal Starseizer had spent his entire life cultivating the Dao. In the end, he had reached the critical point where he was about to die. All he could do was forcibly activate the tribulation lightning, and his success rate was less than ten percent!

This was his fate!

Yet.

He did not have the life to become an immortal, yet he dared to call himself an "immortal" and use his name!

This was a weight that his destiny should not have. If he could not afford it, he would lose his luck, luck, and luck, causing severe consequences!

"I have my own plans!"

Immortal Starseizer gave Qin Sheng a long look before issuing his ultimatum. "I ask you one last time, Benefactor, are you willing to meditate in Three Purities Temple for ten days?"

"Impossible!"

Immortal Starseizer's words were sonorous, and Qin Luo's reply was resolute.

"If you want to fight, then fight. There's no need to talk so much!"

Immortal Starseizer flicked his horsetail whisk. "Good. As expected of a human hero. A peerless genius who dared to kill the Black Dragon King on the Terrifying Dragon Platform in front of so many dragons. Such a style is admirable! Since this is the case, for the sake of my lifelong plan, I will… offend you!"

Bang…

There was an explosion.

Immortal Zhai Xing’s power burst forth. With a swing of his horsetail whisk, the table that was made of unknown wood instantly shattered. The teapot and teacups on the table fell to the ground. Mixed with the remaining hot tea, they flew in all directions.

"Good timing!"

Qin Luo suddenly rose up and retreated. Mo Bing and Desert Dust, who were standing behind him, stepped forward at the same time. One on the left and one on the right, they held onto his body and helped him deflect the force.

Heavenly Eye, open!

Immortal Zhai Xing (Enhanced Legendary Boss)

Level: 60

Health Points: 120,000,000

Mana: 80,000,000

Physical Attack: 285,000

Magic Attack: 250,000

Physical Defense: 165,000

Magic Defense: 135,000

Speed: 35,000

Skills: [Immortals caress my head] [Blossoming hair and receiving eternal life]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Immortal Zhai Xing came from the Xuan Dao Sect's orthodox sect. He had extraordinary talent and shocking talent. He was extradited into the Dao Sect since young and learned the Xuan Dao's orthodox cultivation techniques. His foundation was deep and his Dao foundation was stable. He was deeply loved by the seniors of the Dao Sect. After cultivating for hundreds of years, he finally reached the peak of the Mortal Realm. Unfortunately, when he was about to transcend the tribulation, his heart was not completely refined in the mortal world and was invaded by his inner demons. As a result, his strength fell drastically and his temperament changed drastically. In the end, he disappeared without a trace.

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

What the heck!

What kind of godly attribute is this?

12 million Health Points, 8 million Mana Points!

From this, it could be seen that

The dual-cultivation must have stopped!

Indeed.

Qin Sheng had almost peed his pants from the extreme physical and magical attacks below!

This attribute.

And it was because of his cultivation going berserk?

That was true!

He was a big shot who was about to transcend the tribulation and become an immortal. If not for his Qi Deviation, how could he only have such a weak attribute?

Level 60?

Hur!

Who should he mock?

If he wasn't at his peak, he wouldn't believe it!

"We can't be careless!"

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely vigilant about Immortal Zhai Xing's attributes. Under normal circumstances, if he were to take a hit from this fellow, 98.75674% would be instakilled (How did this probability come out? I don't know either)!

"Ice Skin!"

"Jade Bone!"

Without another word, Qin Sheng first added two skills that increased health and defense!

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"…"

Qin Sheng unleashed a series of augmentation skills without holding back!

This was the ultimate BOSS with such abnormal attributes. He would be courting death if he dared to keep it!

"Let's go!"

With a shout, Qin Luo Sheng, as well as the Spellblade Ink Ice, who wielded the Yin Yang Sword, and the only Mythical Enhancement + 10 equipment in the world, equipped with the Fist Gloves of the Abyss, Desert Dust, who was known as the King of Fighters, charged at the horsetail whisk in his hand. It was as ethereal as an immortal, yet incomparably terrifying, just like the Devil King Star Picking Immortal!

"Hunting Tiger!"

The God Tiger roared. Under the effect of the Level 6 Lords of the Stars, the Legendary-level was absolutely effective. It was unavoidable, even for someone as powerful as Immortal Starseizer!

“Attack with full force!”