Chapter 921: Chaotic Battle, Crazy Attack

“Attack with full force!”

Qin Luo Sheng summoned Xiaoxiao. Seeing Immortal Starseizer sink into a state of dizziness for five seconds, he roared repeatedly!

At the same time.

He also attacked immediately!

This time, Qin Sheng was not as simple-minded as he had been during the livestream. He used a tactic and started to use brutal attacks once he was under control!

This.

It was completely useless against Immortal Starseizer!

Only when there was no other way could he use the nature of gambling to fight!

And this was precisely the result of the brutal and destructive attacks.

For a BOSS like Immortal Zhai Xing, unless he used the Starlight Blessing and forcefully upgraded it to the Great Perfection Stage, it was basically impossible to activate Cripple!

Rather than wasting precious time, it was better to completely abandon it!

After all.

Currently, he was in full enhancement mode. He had even activated the Undying Battle Intent. He had no choice but to go all out. The damage was simply explosive. Although a flat A was not as good as skill damage, it had an additional effect.

Yet.

After using Holy Dragon Rage, his Attack Speed increased by 100%. His hands turned into afterimages as he slashed five times in a second.

As for skills?

One second was already considered very fast. In addition, after using the skill, there was a certain degree of stun, especially when the next skill was connected, the stun was even longer!

This way…

Instead, he was delaying the tempo and slowing down the damage output!

"Extreme Curse!"

"Elemental Riot!"

“Frozen Heaven and Earth!”

"Arctic Icicle!"

"…"

Mo Bing was the complete opposite of Qin Luo. With the Duality Dao Sword in his hand, it was clear that he wanted to fight in the style of an ice-element mage. After all, the Duality Dao Sword had both physical damage and magical damage. If it was a physical attack, it would definitely not be as good as the Blood Demon Sword!

"As expected of my avatar!"

Qin Luo praised him in his heart.

Although Spellblades had stronger physical forms, due to the Blood Demon Sword and many other equipment, the team already had Qin Sheng and Desert Dust in close combat. If Ink Ice got involved, it would result in a single function. Moreover, if the three of them moved together, space would be compressed, and it would be easy for Immortal Starseizer to find an opening and not be able to dodge in time!

Hence.

Choosing a weaker magic form with less damage was the most suitable!

Moreover…

This magic form was a water mage!

Among all the elemental spells, he had the most complete control!

Even for a BOSS like Immortal Star Seizer, the so-called Ice Control was extremely weak, but it was not completely ineffective. If he was given a chance, it would slow down the tempo and even interrupt the tempo, giving his two close combat teammates (Weeping Soul and Desert Dust) a chance to catch their breath. Wouldn't that be perfect?

“Berserk Punch!”

"Sky Quaking Fist!"

"…"

Desert Dust also attacked relentlessly, turning the immobilized Immortal Starseizer into a target and hammering him!

This was all thanks to Qin Sheng!

Against an existence like Immortal Zhai Xing, he did not dare to be careless. Therefore, he took control of the AI and multitasked. At the same time, he controlled his own (Weeping Soul) and his doppelgangers (Desert Dust). He controlled them with his arms and exploded!

"Holy Dragon Shockwave!"

Five seconds passed quickly.

When Immortal Zhai Xing woke up, the Sacred Dragon God's Crown on Qin Sheng's head suddenly released a golden glow. It was as if a dragon's eye had opened, and a peerlessly terrifying aura swept out, causing him to fall into a state of shock before he could even move. This lasted for three seconds!

The fierce attack continued!

"Xiaoxiao, get ready!"

Qin Luo Sheng still had control skills, but what was left was not absolutely effective against Immortal Zhai Xing. Thus, he turned his gaze to Xiaoxiao, who had recovered her dragon body of more than ten meters and was floating in the air, spitting out all sorts of magic.

"Ang…"

“Dragon Soul Impact!”

Three seconds later, Immortal Zhai Xing recovered once again. This time, he did not do anything and was immediately pulled into the control chain. After Little Longwei vibrated, he was stunned for three seconds!

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

Three seconds later, Immortal Zhai Xing regained his ability. This time, it was Qin Sheng's turn!

Except.

The control skill of the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon, the Illusionary Spirit Bewildering Array, was really too weak. It was very difficult for an enhanced Legendary Boss like Immortal Zhai Xing to take effect and barely triggered the control effect. However, the minimum three seconds and maximum thirty seconds of control were only effective for one second, that was all!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng was also quite content!

One second of control time was enough for him, his two incarnations, and Little Tiny's violent magic dragon to reduce almost one million health points!

"Desert Dust, use skill Abyss!"

Suppressing the urge to continue strengthening the control chain, Qin Sheng ended his continuous control and kept the rest of his strong control skills for emergencies. Seeing that Immortal Zhai Xing, who had regained his mobility, was about to make a move, he hurriedly focused on controlling Desert Dust, using the power of the legendary equipment, the Hand of the Abyss!

"Abyss!"

The dark hand of the abyss released an indescribable special energy pulse that directly entered Immortal Zhai Xing’s body, causing the energy brilliance on Immortal Zhai Xing’s body to weaken!

"What the hell is this?"

Immortal Starseizer was stunned as well.

What kind of thing could actually weaken the power of his skill?

"Mo Bing, cover me!"

Sensing the power in Immortal Starseizer's hands, Qin Luo felt a chill in his heart. He hurriedly retreated, and at the same time, he controlled Desert Dust to charge forward. He used the incomparably tyrannical Violent Punch unlimitedly. Under the enhancement of the Abyssal Hands, Immortal Starseizer was forced to retreat step by step, and his body was constantly injured!

"Extreme Gravity!"

Upon seeing Qin Luo Sheng retreat and accumulate power, Ink Ice hurriedly cast a Gravity Spell on Immortal Starseizer to slow him down. Not only could he cover Qin Sheng, he could also put pressure on Immortal Starseizer, giving Desert Dust, who was fighting on the front lines, support!

At the same time.

Little Tiny, who shared the same thoughts as Qin Luo, understood Qin Luo's intentions one step faster than Mo Bing. It immediately released a huge icicle with a diameter of more than five meters and stabbed it heavily towards Immortal Zhai Xing.

This was also a cover!

If not for Desert Dust, who was afraid of accidentally injuring him, it would not have been an icicle, but an endless dragon breath that surrounded Immortal Starseizer and burned him!

"As expected of the hero who killed the Black Dragon King. Such strength is really impressive!"

Immortal Starseizer couldn't help but sigh in amazement when he sensed the terrifying energy condensed from the resplendent Holy Dragon Sword in Qin Sheng's hand. "However, aren't you taking me too lightly by unleashing such a powerful spell in front of me?"

Immortal Starseizer had a slightly angry expression on his face. With a casual wave of his hand, he destroyed the small ice spike. At the same time, the Daoist robe on his body fluttered, and a powerful force erupted. Desert Dust, who was close to him, was sent flying.

Without any obstructions, his body flew like a butterfly through flowers, pouncing towards Qin Sheng who was accumulating strength.