Chapter 936: Shadow Cloak, Absolute Dodge And Absolute Defense

He spent nearly two million gold coins!

Qin Luo Sheng had finished appraising all his equipment. He had also repaired all his equipment, including Mo Bing's Demon Blood Suit and Desert Dust's Abyssal Hands!

"D * mn, the government officials are really cunning!"

Qin Luo walked out of the store, his face twitching in pain.

Two million.

To the current him, it was just a small sum of money!

Except.

This two million was more than half the cost of repairing the equipment. This was simply disgusting!

No wonder.

The officials had generously adjusted the monster drop rate to a very high level, and so was the coin drop rate. It turned out that other than the Enhancing System of the giant pit, there was also this repair system waiting!

"D * mn it, if a poor player's luck was slightly worse, he wouldn't even be able to repair his equipment. That's enough!"

The higher the grade of the equipment, the more expensive it would be to repair it.

It did not matter to ordinary players, especially the poor and the gold farming team!

For them, they only needed to use the most garbage equipment. It was very cheap to repair it. They did not even need to repair it. They could simply use the most garbage that did not even have the right to repair it. As long as they used up all the equipment for a long time and discarded it instantly, it would be even more worth it to buy the ultimate explosive junk!

The ones who felt good about repairing the giant pit were the poor at the bottom because this had little to do with them, or even had nothing to do with them. On the other hand, it didn't matter if a high-level player like Qin Luo Sheng could earn large amounts of gold coins to provide for his own accounts. Repairing the pit was a bit of a scam, but there was still profit!

The ones suffering were the middle and low-level players!

If their equipment was neither good nor bad, it would be painful for them to repair it. However, if they did not repair it, it would not be possible. After all, their equipment was not bad. How could they give up easily when their equipment was mixed with Silver and Gold? Was it because they could not last long enough?

If he did not give up, the restoration would be disastrous!

Because.

It was fine for them to make less money or even maintain the supply and demand balance.

Except.

If he was unlucky.

That would be the end!

The drop rate of gold coins was not bad, but other than repairing equipment, were there no other expenses?

The potions and food that could replenish hunger must be included!

Once his face turned black, the materials gathered from killing monsters would be insufficient or the grade would be very bad, and the equipment that did not drop would be very trashy. That would be disgusting. He would have to go all out and not even be able to get back the dungeon. He would even have to pay for it!

If their faces were any darker, they would die once or twice and spit out the experience that they had obtained. Their equipment would also be destroyed. That would simply be a mental breakdown!

Sad!

However!

Fate Dimension was, after all, an extremely open and free world. There were all kinds of things. In fact, there was no problem with GHS. Players could have deep friendly interactions with NPCs. There was nothing to say about XXXO, players!

‘ Of course.’

Both parties had to agree and have a good impression of each other!

If there were difficulties, there would be a way!

If he wanted to have an in-depth exchange, there was no way he could just agree to it. Favorability needed time to increase. However, the rich did not care about this because there were many items that could increase the affinity between the opposite sex, such as red roses and so on!

It was the same for repairing equipment.

Since players could even learn how to appraise equipment, repairing equipment was even easier!

Giving equipment to players who learned how to repair equipment was much easier than giving it to system NPCs. However, the current skill proficiency of players was very low, so it was impossible for them to succeed 100%!

What consequences would there be?

If the repair failed three times, then if it continued repairing, the equipment might be destroyed instantly!

So.

Most people would first find the players to fix it three times. If they failed three times, they would then look for the NPCs and guarantee 100% success!

Or maybe there was a restoration stone.

Similar to NPCs, 100% could be repaired successfully.

Except.

The Restoration Stone was specially used by the rich and was very expensive. Not to mention the poor and the commoners, even the little rich did not dare to touch it!

Qin Luo Sheng did have quite a few in his backpack, but that was only for emergencies. Usually, he would still be at the NPC's place for repairs!

To the end.

Money was money, but being a sucker was another matter!

"Miracle Starlight!"

Using the Starlight Miracle, he upgraded all the equipment he had appraised. Qin Sheng handed over those he had no use for to the people of the Sanguine Rose to operate. First, he advertised them. Then, when there were more players in the Imperial City, he would sell them to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch in the Imperial City to expand his reputation.

After giving Qin Sheng a few instructions, he stopped asking.

Compared to a dabbler like him, other people were the real experts. They only needed to convey their own ideas and wishes. As for the rest of the content and details, they did not need to be bothered. They naturally knew what to do!

Qin Sheng returned to Luo Shen Residence with the remaining two pieces of equipment, cloak and jade pendant.

"Come, let me see what attribute it is!"

First of all, the cloak was very silky and looked like Erlang Shen and Second Brother's cloak in a certain movie. However, the color was not silver but black!

[Shadow Cloak]

Category: Cloak

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Level 55

Effect: Health + 20000, Mana + 20000, Strength + 150, Constitution + 150, Agility + 150, Spirit + 150

Special Effect: [Shadow] 's movement is like a ghost. Speed + 50%, evasion + 30%. After stopping its movement for 1 second, enter stealth mode. Block all aura on the body. Movement and attack will be removed!

Special Effect: [Shadow] 's body is like a shadow. It can greatly increase the coordination of the body. It can make difficult movements. The body can float under the cloak. It is like walking on the ground. The highest is three meters!

Additional Skill: [Ghost Shadow Overlapping] consumes 5000 Mana Points. After activating the skill, the body will transform into a ghost. Speed + 100%, and the dodging rate will be increased to 100% Absolute Dodge state. Duration: 10 seconds! Cooldown: 1 hour!

Additional Skill: [Dark Night Guardian] consumes 10,000 Mana Points. After activating the skill, the Shadow Cloak opens and envelops the entire person. A special energy shield is activated, immune to all physical and magical damage. Duration: 3 seconds! Cooldown: 1 hour!

Introduction: Shadow Cloak, unknown origin. It is said to be the equipment of a certain King of the Night. It was once used in the night to assassinate countless experts like a fish in water. It is like a ghost, like a shadow.

Strong!

This was much more vicious than the Spiritual Light Cloak!

Whether it was the effects, special effects, or supplementary skills, they all exploded!

Especially the two supplementary skills!

One was an absolute dodge!

One was an absolute defense!

Seriously!

“This cloak is so fierce!”

Qin Luo Sheng put on the [Shadow Cloak] without any hesitation. He replaced his tattered cape that had been upgraded from the golden cape by the miracle of starlight to the Epic stage. His attributes had skyrocketed!