Chapter 931: Plucking Stars With His Hands, Immortal Starseizer

"Good move!"

Immortal Starseizer was still being sent flying. The force of that punch had yet to be completely dispelled. And now, Qin Luo Sheng, who had seized the opportunity to chase after him, was wildly beating him up. His Health Points were like flowing water, pouring down like a water tank that was missing a mouth!

"It's not over yet!"

After violently beating Starseizer Immortal for eight seconds, the fist shadow state finally dissipated.

“Afterimage Ghost Claw Splits the Heavens!”

Take his life while he’s sick.

Qin Luo was well aware of this principle.

Especially when facing a fierce person like Immortal Zhai Xing, a moment of soft-heartedness would drag him into an abyss of eternal damnation.

If he didn't kill Immortal Starseizer now, he would be the one to die!

“What? Space is sealed?”

Immortal Zhai Xing, who had just struggled free from the fist shadows, did not even have time to heave a sigh of relief. Qin Sheng, who was controlling Desert Dust, changed the form of the Abyssal Hands in his hands. A special force enveloped him again.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Countless damage numbers continuously appeared above Immortal Starseizer's head. They were uncountable and endless!

One could still see the shadow of the punch earlier, but now, the ghost claw was so fast that even the shadow could not be seen.

Looking from afar,

It was just like how Qin Sheng's arms had already been severed. Because they could not see, they could not see his arms that were currently speeding up endlessly and launching attacks. From the visual effects, it was like his hands were gone!

"Impossible!"

A heavy punch and internal injuries!

Ghostly Claw Dance, external injuries!

Even though Immortal Zhai Xing was currently in the state of his primordial spirit, for some unknown reason, the Abyssal Hands could actually tear apart his soul and harm his primordial spirit without his physical body!

It was extremely treacherous!

This time.

Immortal Starseizer was completely frantic!

The reason why he had been so calm earlier was because he had determined that Qin Luo's foundation was too shallow and his foundation too weak. Even if he was powerful, it was only pure strength and nothing more.

Yet.

Strength was the lowest form of existence!

Unless it was conceptual power, nomological power, or nomological power, to martial cultivators, pure physical strength was too low-level and too weak.

To the end.

Qin Luo Sheng was also not a body cultivator but an ordinary person. He had only come into contact with body tempering methods and not the kind of body cultivators in the cultivation world. He was just like the Vajra of Buddhism and the strongman of Daoism!

But now…

Immortal Starseizer realized that he had been gravely mistaken.

Was this a f*cking naivety?

This is freaking cute?

Was he a f*cking rookie?

I am a QNMLGB!

Did he really think that old people were easy to deceive?

A tool that could harm one’s Essence Soul and threaten one’s Essence Soul! Damn, it’s hidden so deeply!

"Let's kill him in one go!"

Qin Sheng had expended a lot of stamina to cast three Abyssal Hands in a row. Moreover, since he had been multitasking from start to finish, controlling Weeping Soul and Desert Dust had also exhausted a lot of his mental energy. He could barely hold on anymore.

Fortunately.

In the end, there would always be rewards for giving. Under his strategic arrangements, Immortal Starseizer, who had been tortured to death by the Stargod Forbidden Spell, had already lost 10% of his health!

"Damn, I miscalculated!"

Qin Luo Sheng was like a rabid dog, biting hard and not letting go, continuing to attack ferociously. As he attacked, he could not help but grumble, "If not for the fact that most of the augmentation skills have lost their effectiveness, how could I be in such a sorry state?"

"If I were at my peak, I would have used twelve augmentation skills and the Undying Battle Intent. I would have killed anyone in my way, not to mention Immortal Starseizer, who was weakened to only one-fourth of his strength. If I used the three skills from the Hand of the Abyss just now, I would have killed at least half of his HP, not to mention killing him. But now, after the full set of service, I can't even kill one-third of his HP. F*ck!"

Although he was complaining,

Qin Luo Sheng did not slow down at all!

The last 10% of Health Points was the beginning of the real battle!

"Benefactor, your methods are truly endless. This poor Daoist's horizons have been broadened. I'm amazed!"

Immortal Starseizer sighed.

But Qin Luo did not listen at all, treating it as if he was farting!

Fuck you.

An eye-opener?

Amazing?

But why did he have such an expression?

And even a little wretched?

This made me think of a certain flashy person who kept saying how scary he was and how he was a super rookie!

Could it be that the big boss's posturing had the same taste?

"Benefactor, you have an extremely powerful energy in your body. To think that you are able to cast a sealing ability in the chaotic void of the universe. This is really surprising!"

Immortal Zhai Xing's body was like a piece of paper. Under the explosive attacks of Qin Sheng and the others, he shifted continuously, easily dodging countless attacks without suffering the slightest bit of damage. "You are someone who possesses great luck and great fortune. Given time, even if you don't become a Saint, you will still become an Immortal. Unfortunately, our paths are different, and we do not work together."

“If it were any other matter, I would also be happy to see such an outstanding human rising up and protecting my clan for eternity. However, a blood feud cannot be avoided. Moreover, my actions are not entirely for the sake of my own hatred. More importantly, I want to use my weak firefly light to ignite the darkness before I die and guide the way for those seniors, juniors, and even more distant successors who have encountered similar situations to me.”

"As humans, we should live only for ourselves and live according to our own will. We are not other people's pawns, nor are we puppets or tools! In order for tragedies like mine to happen less, I will not hesitate to sacrifice myself for the sake of the Dao. I will gladly endure it!"

Qin Luo remained silent.

He understood Immortal Starseizer's words!

Except.

He was also very conflicted!

On one hand, she wanted to help him. On the other hand, she had to return the Dao Sect's favor and the Emperor's favor…

"You don't have to do this!"

Immortal Zhai Xing said, "This is the will of the heavens. If the heavens think that I am not qualified, then even if you do not stop me, my plan will not succeed. Similarly, if the heavens think that I should do this, then even if you stop me, I will receive the help of the heavens and be successful in every endeavor!"

"Hand can—pluck stars!"

Immortal Starseizer stretched out his hand.

He simply reached out.

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, felt an unprecedented terror!

In his eyes.

Immortal Zhai Xing, who was supposed to be about 1.7 meters tall and emaciated, stretched out his hand in an ordinary manner. However, he turned into a giant that could hold up the sky and step on the ground. He extended his hand towards the distant galaxy, wanting to pluck the stars within!