Chapter 939: Qin Luo Sheng'S Calculation, The Use Of The Possession Scroll

It simulated the battle scenes from different places!

This was not just a test of the players' strength, but also a test of the players' ability to adapt to the situation and other factors. They were going to carry out the most passionate PK battle and try their best to restore the true battle between the two strong fighters, instead of a dry arena fight!

Since they could choose a special environment whenever they had the chance, it also depended on luck. For example, when an archer fought a Berserker, once they chose a terrain like the forest, the archer would be slightly restrained by the Berserker on the originally flat and smooth arena. But with the forest terrain, the archer would instantly take the initiative and hang the Berserker up to fight!

The real battlefield mode would start from the top 32 and continue until the finals, which was the competition for the championship!

Does it look simple?

However, it was really complicated.

There were too many battles!

If there were too many players who signed up, then after the first ten matches, even the fastest would have to fight five rounds, the second round would have three rounds, then three more rounds, then three more rounds… Only until the top 100 would there be a 1v1 failure and they would be eliminated. It was no longer a points battle!

Based on the number of players who had reached level 50 in the Huaxia war zone, there were more than a million!

For the next three days, in order to participate in such a grand event, there would definitely be countless players crazily leveling up. If his guess was not wrong, the number of players participating in the battle in the entire Huaxia area would exceed five million!

This was very annoying!

Five million players.

Three wins out of five matches in the second round. How many times would it take to get into the top 100?

…

"Well, there's nothing we can do even if we have a headache. They're the organizers after all! Since they set this rule, we have to abide by it!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head speechlessly. He memorized the contents of the Martial Arts Conference and stopped paying attention to it.

To him, there was no need to worry about the points battle of the first battle!

Only the 1v1 elimination round of the second round and the third round was still a 1v1 elimination round. It was just a real battle with random scenes!

The points battle allowed failure. As long as the final points reached the standard, they could enter the next round!

After reaching the top 100, there was no room for error. If they lost, they would be eliminated. There was no room for negotiation, and there was no chance for a revival match!

Qin Luo Sheng admitted that he was not afraid of anyone with his strength, but he could not underestimate anyone either. Anything could happen in Fate Dimension. For example, he could single-handedly kill the Black Dragon King Long Yuan in front of so many powerhouses. This was a miracle!

There was no doubt about the strength of the Lords of the Stars!

However, Qin Sheng would never believe that he was the only one in the entire Destiny World who had obtained the SSS gift!

"This Martial Arts Conference is a good one. In the past, experts who have been lurking in the dark and keeping a low profile will definitely jump out this time."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "When the time comes, the heroes of the world will gather and the heroes of the world will enter the ring. Then, I will be able to openly fight against those experts who similarly possess extraordinary talent and see if I can make an issue out of it. After all, I still have quite a number of props that are already unable to endure the thirst. For example, the Possession Scroll. Hehe!"

Dismantle scrolls and other people's talents!

Replicating scrolls, copying other people's talents, or duplicating a Possession Scroll—that was double happiness!

To be able to use the same skill as the last time, this was three parts happiness!

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng could not contain his excitement!

At the same time.

He was also secretly on guard.

Although the possibility was low, it was not entirely impossible.

If someone else also had such a heaven-defying scroll and copied him as the Lord of the Stars, or directly destroyed him, wouldn't he be crippled?

"Forget it, what's the point of thinking about this? We'll just take away the scrolls and duplicate scrolls. Even if they are effective, it's still unknown if they will be effective on Advanced Talents!"

He cast the distracting thoughts to the back of his mind.

Qin Luo first reported his participation in the martial competition.

Fuck.

He even accepted 100 gold coins as registration fee?

What the f*ck are the officials trying to do?

"Three days should be enough for me to finish the level 55 dungeon, obtain the reward, and increase my strength. At the same time, it's time to settle the Mercenary King's mission!"

After making some calculations, Qin Luo turned on his communicator.

First, he used Desert Dust as an ID to encourage his excited and somewhat depressed younger brother and sister. They also wanted to participate in a grand event like the Martial Arts Conference. Unfortunately, their levels weren't high enough. Even if they were to level up 24 / 7 for the next three days, they wouldn't be able to reach level 50 unless Qin Sheng personally led them for three days and madly killed monsters beyond their levels. However, that was impossible. Therefore, they could forget about participating in the first Martial Arts Conference!

Switch back to Weeping Soul Beast!

Qin Luo Sheng first sent the Construction Gang Token to Yatu. This fellow did not have a shoulder yet and it just so happened that he had dropped a Construction Gang Token. Selling it to him was just right!

In any case, he had to sell it anyway, so it didn't matter who he sold it to. It just so happened that he had a good relationship with Yatu, and the other party was the boss as well, so he wouldn't let him suffer a loss. If he were to trade directly instead of auctioning it, it would save him a lot of trouble!

Crystal coins, Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and many other materials. After adding another sum of money, Yatu finally happily exchanged for this precious establishment gang badge!

Qin Qin Sheng earned another sum with tears in his eyes!

"Weeping Soul, we have gathered everyone here. When are we going to [Cursed Land] to get the team clear rewards?"

He transported the large amount of materials he had earned from Yatu back to the Luo Shen Residence and handed them over to Mengmeng and the Damask Star, the two great consumers. Qin Sheng had just spent some time with the two girls to nurture their relationship and maintain a good impression of them. Before he could head to the newly opened medicinal field to use Yimu's Recovery to increase his growth rate, Sanguine Primrose's voice was heard.

"You guys organize yourselves. I'll be there in 10 minutes. Instance dungeon teleportation!"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned and replied.

He had obtained the solo clear reward for [Cursed Land], but the team did not!

Coincidentally.

I'll finish this before I go to level 55 and complete the Mercenary King mission!

The rewards for Level 55 dungeons were there. None of the players had reached Level 55 yet, so they could not threaten him!

However, there were many players who had reached Level 50. Due to the stimulation of the Martial Arts Conference, there would definitely be many players who wanted to increase their strength by taking rewards. Even if they were not capable, they would still crazily farm dungeons to level up!

The threat was too great, so it was better to take it first to avoid unnecessary trouble!

This was meat that was about to reach his mouth, how could it be snatched away by others?

"Yi Wood Revival!"

"Yi Wood Revival!"

"Yi Wood Revival!"

"Yi Wood Revival!"

"Yi Wood Revival!"

"…"

He quickly used Yi Wood Revival on the spiritual medicine seedlings in the medicinal field to accelerate their growth!

This time, he had expended 10,000 points of mana. This was the first time that Qin Sheng, who had never lacked mana before, had experienced what it was like to be drained dry. Fortunately, his recovery speed was extremely fast now. He did not need to expend much effort to stop moving!

——————

Author's Note: [Yi Wood Resuscitation] Effect (1): Consumes 10,000 Mana Points and increases the growth rate of plants by 30% (the same target can only be used once). Effect (2): Consumes 10,000 Mana Points to recover to its peak state! Cooldown time: 24 hours! (Remove all DEBUFFs, eliminate injuries, full Mana of Life and Hunger.)