Chapter 935: Dismemberment, Rebellion, Dimensional Slash

"Sure!"

Qin Sheng smiled in satisfaction as he watched the Energy Scroll glow, dissipate into specks of starlight, and merge into the Scroll of Time, restoring the 0 that could no longer take effect to its peak five times.

This time.

The trump card that was originally crippled was restored!

[Disposing Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Dispel

Introduction: A scroll that possesses magical powers. It can take away one of the abilities of any target (including living beings and non-living beings) and record it down!

“Another heaven-defying scroll!”

Qin Luo's eyes widened in shock.

This scroll.

How terrifying!

Looking at the introduction and the grade of the three question marks, it meant that they were not restricted. Wasn't this lawless?

If he were to encounter a powerful existence in the future and use words to strip it of one of its abilities or skills, recording it down and learning it himself, wouldn't he be going to heaven?

In comparison!

Although the [Deprivation Scroll] that he had obtained previously was only a single word, the effects were completely different. There was no comparison at all!

Deprivation was not bad, but he could only deprive and disperse his ability from the target!

It could be taken away.

It was equivalent to taking away the target's ability for his own use!

Overbearing and ruthless!

The three scrolls that had dropped—Fusion, Energy and Dismemberment. Each one was more ferocious than the last, and Qin Sheng was looking forward to the special scroll that would be rewarded by the system after clearing the abyss by himself!

[Rebellion Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Reverse

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can disrupt the energy of any target (for example, life magic exchange, water magic becomes fire)!

"F*ck, another Godly Scroll!"

Qin Qin Sheng drew in a cold breath as his eyes widened abruptly. Looking at the brief introduction of the scroll, his heart started beating violently. "What's going on today? Good things are popping up one after another. Am I f*cking being taken care of by God?"

Keep it! Keep it!

He quickly placed the [Chaos Scroll] into his backpack.

This thing.

This was definitely a great killing weapon. If he were to encounter a powerful existence like Immortal Starseizer, this Chaos Reversal Scroll would instantly cripple him!

This was a super weapon to turn defeat into victory!

He finished reading the scroll.

Qin Luo Sheng shifted his gaze onto the skill book!

The skill book dropped by the BOSS was useless.

However, for a single person to clear [Land of Curses], the Skill Book rewarded by the System along with [Reverse Scroll], it was either a Skill Book of the vocation, a Skill Book of the entire vocation (any player could use it), or a special Skill Book. In short, Qin Sheng himself was definitely the type who could learn it!

[Dimensional Slash (Epic)] Requirement: None!

Ancient skill?

It was not that Qin Sheng was surprised, but the words "Dimensional Space" surprised him!

Everyone knew that.

Other than the elemental power, there were other special powers. Among them, time and space were definitely in the top ten!

Ignoring the Lords of the Stars.

Now, the power of time that Qin Sheng possessed was the Scroll of Time. It could reverse-engineer skill CD!

Other than the backpack that every player had, the Spatial Power that belonged to a single person was the skill—Spatial Jump!

Now.

He was going to add another one!

"Miracle Starlight!"

After the Starlight Miracle, Epic instantly became a legend.

Without any hesitation, he gave a light slap!

The Skill Book transformed into light dots and merged into Qin Luo's body.

He opened the skill column.

[Dimensional Slash (Legendary)] (1) Consumes 10,000 Mana Points. When used on a single target, it deals 500% damage. If the target is within 100 meters of the target, the skill will hit 100%. Unless the target has spatial abilities, it is unavoidable and can only be forcefully received. After the attack hits, there is a certain chance of slashing out a dimension and exiling it into a dimensional rift, an alternate dimension. The exact effect is unknown. Cooldown time: 1 hour! Effect 2: Consumes 100,000 Mana Points to activate the power of space. Cut out a strike, cut through space, sever dimension, open a space-time wormhole that leads to an unknown area. Cooldown time: 7 days!

Hiss…

Qin Luo Sheng unconsciously sucked in a breath of cold air. He could feel his teeth turning cold!

This was a legendary skill?

It's more than a myth!

Looking at the description of the skill, he felt that it was not a big problem. Even the TM damage was only 500%, trash!

Look at the many skills in the skill column, 500% damage was everywhere, even 1000%, 2000%, what was this?

Yet.

It had something to do with space.

Then everything was completely different!

Dimensional Slash.

An attack aimed at a target within 100 meters. As long as it was within this range, it would definitely hit. No matter how the enemy escaped, or what methods they used, as long as they did not have the same spatial power, the attack would be like a tracking missile, chasing endlessly and hitting the target!

The most terrifying thing was that there was a certain chance of being exiled to an alternate dimension, a dimensional rift.

How terrifying was this?

Ignoring the spatial turbulence in the dimensional rift, entering it was a near-death experience. Even if one could withstand it, how could it be easy to enter the alternate dimension? How could one survive after entering it?

It could be said.

The first effect of this Dimensional Slash was even more terrifying than the 100% annihilation of the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash that was accumulated for 10 seconds!

The Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash had an annihilative effect, but Immortal Starseizer had managed to withstand it. The price was his Daoist robe!

As for the Dimensional Slash, as long as it was triggered, it would basically be dead.

‘ Of course.’

It was not absolute!

Except.

Spatial power was never mysterious. How could it be common?

Without the power of space, it was impossible to resist this move!

Another effect.

Unknown.

Why did he say that?

This spatial rift could be used to attack, defend, or even escape… It was truly difficult to accurately locate!

"Another killer move, how satisfying!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled very happily.

This Dimensional Slash might only be a powerful skill in the hands of other Players. Or rather, it could be said to be a life-threatening skill!

But in Qin Sheng's hands, that trump card was the ultimate move!

Because.

He had the Starlight Blessing from the Lords of the Stars!

As long as the Starlight Blessing was activated, there would be a 100% chance!

When the time came.

Accurate guidance, an absolute hit Dimensional Slash, and another 100% effect. Who could withstand banishment from the target to a space-time crack?

"Leave the Sky weapon and other skills for last. This is a big surprise!"

Qin Luo Sheng resisted the urge to slide his skill column down. He tidied it up, then crushed the return scroll and headed for the appraisal shop. "Let's appraise the equipment first. This low-level Epic Cape on my back has already made up the numbers. I've long disliked it. I hope it's a little better than my pitiful Spiritual Light Cape! And this jade pendant, this is the first time I've dropped it. Moreover, I'll graduate in one step and directly reach the Legendary stage. Let's see how powerful it is!"