Chapter 933: Immortal Zhai Xing'S Gift

Qin Luo Sheng's clearance of the dungeon was like pouring clear water into a pot of oil, causing the entire world to boil.

Countless players were cursing on the Internet. They were all cursing—

An expert from his own war zone!

???

Little friend, do you have many question marks?

Why?

Why didn't he curse and weep?

Instead, he started scolding his own experts?

The reason was very simple and strange!

Nothing else.

They were angry at him for not fighting!

Come.

What was this group of keyboard warriors talking about?

————

Here?

Are you in Gan?

Learning from other people's Weeping Souls is feasible?

Look at what they have done, and what the f*ck are they doing!

When others entered the dungeon and obtained rewards, it was like eating and drinking, incomparably comfortable!

What about you guys?

Can you be more awesome?

I've lost all my face in the warzone!

If you can't do it, then f*ck off. Don't occupy the latrine but don't shit. Give up your resources and nurture a true expert. Even if it doesn't surpass the Weeping Soul Beast, it shouldn't be too far off, right?

————

That's right.

He scolded them whenever he caught them!

The experts of the various war zones, especially those special teams with ZF behind them, were all stunned and aggrieved.

Don't think that a foreigner's attitude would be good just because there were no haters overseas.

In this world, there was no shortage of haters and keyboard warriors!

There had been signs of growth since a long time ago.

Now.

When Weeping Soul Beast once again took the lead, it suppressed an unknown amount of anger. It was as if the key emperors in a volcano could no longer hold back.

This…

All of them started cursing the top-tier experts in their warzone!

Especially the Americans, Europeans, the Japanese, and Koreans. They were furious!

The flamers had cheated. The top-tier Wasteland Reclaimers were also infuriated!

Damn it!

Weeping Soul Beast again!

Can you stop?

Every time he caused a commotion, he would cause them to be scolded together!

Indeed, when one is at home, the pot comes from the sky!

What does it have to do with us if they clear the dungeon?

Why are you scolding us for?

What a joke!

…

How was the outside world?

Qin Sheng, the initiator, did not know.

He could even ignore the system notifications. How could he hear those words of praise and scolding?

It was unknown how long his body had bathed in the starlight, how long his spirit had roamed the galaxy, when Qin Sheng finally woke up.

"What happened?"

Qin Sheng had entered a mysterious and indescribable state just now. He seemed to be awake yet not, and had no idea what had happened. He had just gone with the flow and done something that even he did not know, something that he felt he should do.

He opened the battle log.

Qin Qin Sheng looked over with a fascinating expression.

"So Immortal Starseizer is already dead?"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed with a complicated expression. He looked at the battle log and saw the words Immortal Zhaixing had said before his death.

He severed himself, scattering his Essence Soul, flesh ascending!

"Willing, humans, to be like dragons?"

Exhaling a mouthful of turbid air, Qin Sheng took another deep breath. His tone was resolute, as though he was making a promise to Immortal Zhai Xing, and at the same time, an oath to himself. "I will, I will one day!"

When a man is about to die, his words are kind!

Regardless of whether Immortal Zhai Xing was possessed or not, he had cultivated for hundreds of years. How could this be erased?

Call him a devil!

Indeed.

His various actions had caused an anomaly like the zombie to absorb the blood and souls of humans and feed their corpses to wild beasts, causing the villagers of the Lu Family Village to have their souls and bones destroyed. It was extremely evil!

He had also deceived Lu Da and allowed the Lu family village to be brought to hell. Not only were they ordinary villagers, even the experts led by Lu Da were his chess pieces. He had placed their souls in Zhai Xing Lou and used them as chess pieces to fend off the outsiders. He had also allowed Zhai Xing Lou's array formation to constantly absorb their soul energy and transport them into the void to absorb the endless radiation energy. He had accumulated energy to seek revenge on the Dao Sect!

But he was not a demon!

Indeed.

After all.

The Lu Family Village had caused his family to be destroyed, and the Dao Sect had caused him to live a lonely life. He had been a tool for hundreds of years, and he had watched helplessly as his fellow disciples fell on the path that seemed to lead to the Dao. In reality, they had been killed by the higher-ups of the Dao Sect using the method of nurturing Gu!

This hatred was like a sea of blood. How could he be human if he did not take revenge!

Qin Luo asked himself what kind of crazy thing he would do if he were to encounter something like this.

However, even though Immortal Zhai Xing was crazy, he did not implicate the innocent. From the beginning to the end, every grievance had its perpetrator and every debt had its debtor. He only looked for the Lu Family Village and his sect that had yet to seek revenge. That was all!

Qin Luo Sheng did not want to cleanse Immortal Zhai Xing's name. He only wanted the truth. He felt that even if he was possessed, he was not devoid of conscience. He had truly transformed into a demon without any humanity!

"Let's go!"

Qin Sheng took a glance at the incomparably vast void battlefield. The river that had been blessed by the starlight and formed by the Water Vein Spirit Pearl had vanished without a trace. He immediately felt the pressure of breathing. After confirming that there was nothing missing, he relaxed his body and returned to Immortal Zhai Xing's Taoist temple on the top floor without resisting the suction force from below.

"…"

As he looked at this familiar yet strange place, Qin Sheng swept his gaze towards the corner, at the tea table which had been broken by Immortal Starseizer. Instantly, he felt as though things had remained the same, but people had changed.

He shook his head.

Qin Luo Sheng cast aside his distracting thoughts and looked at the deity statue of the Three Pure Ones.

He walked over.

He bowed.

Then.

He carefully and respectfully picked up the Three Pure Ones statue.

Indeed.

Below the three statues of Shangqing, Yuqing, and Taiqing, there was a Dao Scripture!

This was…

Immortal Starseizer had left behind this gift for Qin Sheng.

Except.

Because of Qin Luo's Heaven's Eyes, he had seen through illusions and seen the array formation that could send people to the void of the universe. Thus, he had teleported up and seen Immortal Starseizer's primordial spirit. As a result, the two of them had no choice but to fight for their own beliefs, resulting in the current outcome.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining special rewards: Grand Supreme Dao Scripture, Primordial Dao Scripture, Numinous Treasure Dao Scripture! '

"Since I've taken your Dao Scripture, I'll accept this Karma!"

Qin Luo kept the three scriptures properly and muttered, "The tragedy of your life is the problem of this world and not your sect. Therefore, I can't, nor can I avenge you. Only by doing my best to sweep away the old and the rotten as you say, I hope that one day, the human race will truly be like a dragon. At that time, everyone will be open-minded and have ample food and clothing. They will enjoy the joys of family life and no longer have any worries. Your tragedy will never repeat itself!"

He turned around.

Qin Luo Sheng left without hesitation!

When his figure disappeared from Zhai Xing Lou and the Lu village,

Suddenly.

An expanse of rumbling resounded, and it just happened to be like an earth dragon turning over.

Zhai Xing Lou had collapsed!

The Lu Family Village was gone!

They were completely submerged in the ground. Only the plain in front of them was safe. The carefree Whirlwind Beast wandered around and accompanied the treacherous scarecrows on the plain!