Chapter 934: Energy Scroll, Time Scroll For Revival

Back in the Imperial City.

Qin Luo Sheng dealt with his friend list that had already been bombarded, especially his team led by Sister Su. He promised to take them to the dungeons before letting the matter rest!

As for congratulatory messages like Yatu, he just needed to say a few perfunctory words.

Azuresilk and Mumu were still in the [Cursed Land] dungeon!

With the experienced players leading the team, even though the Nightmare Mode monsters were not weak, they could not withstand the coordination of ten first-rate players.

Apart from the last few levels of Zhai Xing Lou, especially the last level (the last level of Nightmare Mode was the backyard, and the Boss was Chasing Soul and Fire Raven), the rest were basically of no threat. It was fine to be careful, but it was much slower than Qin Luo leading the team.

Qin Sheng had fought to his heart's content yet strangely. His body and mind were exhausted, but at the end, he was bathed in starlight and his entire being had been elevated. Only then did he completely wipe away all fatigue and exhaustion. He was now very energetic!

Back at the Luoshen Residence in the Royal Capital.

Luo Li was working in the barracks while Mengmeng and Damask were working in the secret chamber, refining pills and tailoring.

Qin Luo Sheng did not disturb them, nor did he return to his room. He followed them to his own secret room, which was also the forging room!

He had gained a lot from this dungeon.

There was no need to mention things like Boss Sanbao. He was not interested in trash below Epic.

He tidied up a little.

The spoils of war were:

There were seven pieces of Epic equipment, one Legendary equipment, one Creation Order, six Skill Books, three scrolls, and two blueprints!

Other than that.

Special spoils of war:

The reward for solo clearing the dungeon was one special scroll, one special skill, three Daoist scriptures gifted by Immortal Zhai Xing, and—after evolution, all attributes were rewarded, as well as the four restrictive skills that had not been used for a long time—Sky Martial, Sacred Body, Divine Flash, and Spiritual Wisdom, all evolved!

Epic equipment had all been upgraded into Legendary equipment. There were a few items that Qin Sheng could use, but it was a pity that the Sacred Dragon Set was stronger and the Ink Ice was not needed. Desert Dust's words were similar. He could only use it to cheat the boss!

‘ Of course.’

One of the items dropped was a legendary item. The original one was a jade pendant and the other was a cape. Qin Sheng could use both. He would check the attributes when he went to appraise it later!

Qin Luo glanced at the Skill Book and confirmed that it was not the right person.

There was something about the scroll.

[Fusion Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Fusion

Introduction: A scroll that possesses mystical powers. It can fuse any equipment or item, as well as special existences!

Another integration scroll.

Except.

It was different from last time.

The last time was???? There was no grade. Anything could work.

And this time, it was limited to legends. Only Legendary and below could it take effect!

"Should I melt the Sacred Dragon Divine Armor and the robe?"

Qin Luo was somewhat tempted.

In this battle, the terrifying effects of the Glass Path Fears had taken up at least 20% of the credit!

If it hadn't been for the fact that Mo Bing had used the two skills of the Glazed Paoist Robe in time to block the disaster twice, Qin Sheng wouldn't have won so easily either. Although he had put in a lot of effort to execute the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash and it had been blocked by Immortal Zhai Xing's Daoist Robe, it couldn't deny its merits!

And the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash was able to successfully slash out. It was thanks to the absolute defense of the Glass Robe and the Arhat Golden Body that it was able to withstand Immortal Zhai Xing's divine lightning!

[Energy Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Energy Recovery

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers. It contains a huge amount of energy and can restore any existence that has lost its energy!

"What the f*ck?"

Qin Luo was shocked.

"Can this thing work on the Coiling Dragon Water?"

He moved quickly and arrived at the secret room. Qin Luo took out the Coiling Dragon Water and used the energy scroll to attack it.

However,

Not effective?

"Tsk! What kind of J2 Energy Scroll is this!"

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly displeased, but there was nothing he could do.

He asked the mainframe.

The answer he received was that not only did the Coiling Dragon Li Water lose its energy, it also lacked a dragon soul that could awaken it!

Previously, when the Coiling Dragon Water was destroyed, he had already used a three-dimensional repair scroll. Although it was repaired, he still needed the Wood Dragon Soul and Earth Dragon Soul. Combined with the Golden Dragon Soul, Water Dragon Soul, and Fire Dragon Soul that he already had, it formed the Five Elements Grand Array and circulated. Only then could he recover and advance further!

Sigh!

How difficult!

The dragon soul bestowed by the Dragon Emperor had become the golden dragon soul of the Coiling Dragon Li Water!

This was both good and bad.

Needless to say, the stronger the dragon soul, the stronger the Coiling Dragon Li Water!

But.

This was the bad part.

The Golden Dragon Soul was too powerful. If the Wood Dragon Soul found was slightly inferior to the Earth Dragon Soul, it would not be compatible at all and would not be effective. It would not be able to merge with the Coiling Dragon Li Water. Everything would be in vain!

In the first place, dragon souls were things that could only be chanced upon by luck. They were even rarer than dragon pearls, and even rarer. Now, ordinary dragon souls were not enough. They had to be at the level of the Dragon Emperor. At most, they would be slightly weaker, but they had to be at the level of the Dragon King. That would do!

Damn it!

He could still play?

Taking a dragon pearl to complete the mission of the Sealing Ridge Fort and establishing the Great Array of Praying Rain was still a war of words in the Dragon Palace Hall. He had to pay an incomparably precious Dragon God Scale to achieve his wish!

There were still some dragon pearls left. After all, many dragons would leave them for their descendants before they died!

However, the dragon soul was a little troublesome!

Dragon souls, as the name suggested, were the souls of dragons, just like the souls of humans. Where could one find them?

Other than killing the fresh and hot dragon on the spot and capturing its soul, how else could he obtain it?

But what difference was this from courting death?

The dragon race was an extremely crazy race, and also an extremely extreme race. Not to mention the dragon soul dragon pearl, even the physical body of the dragon race would not let it be left outside. They would retract it and place it in the dragon tomb.

Even if Qin Sheng had the ability to defeat a dragon on the level of the Dragon King, he would not dare!

Otherwise…

Even if he was the Dragon Lord and the Black Dragon King, he would still be hunted down by the entire dragon race. He would not rest until he was dead!

"Forget it, so be it if it's useless! It's a pity that my Coiling Dragon Water has no chance of recovering in this lifetime!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed and put the Coiling Dragon Water back. "Forget it. Anyway, we have the Sacred Dragon Sword, the Blood Demon Sword, the Duality Dao Sword, and even the Mythical Abyssal Hands. We don't lack weapons either! If we can't repair it, so be it. We'll see if we have the chance in the future!"

The Coiling Dragon Liquid did not work. Qin Sheng pondered for a moment, then used the energy scroll on the time scroll!

In the previous few battles.

The Bosses they met were all strong in their own right. They had no choice but to use the BUG-level skills of the Lords of the Stars several times, especially the Starlight Blessing. However, how could one use it once a day?

He had no choice.

He could only use the Time Scroll to delete the CD!

After going back and forth, he only had five time scrolls. Now that all five of them were used up, it just so happened that the energy scrolls were here. Why was he not arranging them?