Chapter 937: Guardian Of The Stars And The World Martial Arts Tournament

[Star Guardian]

Type: Jade Pendant

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: None

Effect: Health Points + 50,000, Mana Points + 50,000, Constitution + 200

Special Effect: [Star's Guardian] Regenerates Health Points + 10% every second, Mana Points + 10% every second!

Special Effect: [Blessing of Star] Luck + 10!

Additional Skill: [Star's Illumination] Regular Skill Damage + 50%. Under Star's Illumination, the effect is doubled to 100%! Duration: 3 minutes, Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Additional Skill: [Star's Protection] Activates starlight to envelop the entire body, resisting calamity, immune to suffering. Effect: Every minute, a special buff will be formed on the surface of the body, blocking any skill (the beneficial buff is not included)!

Introduction: The Guardian of the Stars is said to be the God of Stars in the sky. It collects the unique energy of countless stars and weaves it with divine power. It is integrated into a piece of divine jade that it wears all year round. It is also blessed and is named [Guardian of the Stars]. Whoever obtains this jade will receive the blessings and protection of all the stars. It will continue to prosper and be blessed by the heavens.

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Was the game going to explode at the start?

He had never obtained a jade pendant, not even a piece of black iron!

Unexpectedly.

The first thing he did today was to rush to the peak of the mountain and stand at the peak!

F*ck you DJ!

This [Star Guardian] was too awesome!

Was it really done in one go?

Unfortunately.

Immortal Zhai Xing's jade pendant had a good foundation, but his Lord of Stars was still a little lacking. How good would it be if it was Level 7, instantly becoming a legend!

If the legends were already so fierce, how violent would the legends be?

Put it on! Put it on!

This thing deserved the title of 'Guardian'!

Whether it was the 50,000 points increase in the upper limit of his life magic, the increase in his recovery ability, or the offset effect of the skill like the Banshee's Veil, all of them indicated that it was extremely powerful!

"With this thing, my skill is exempted. I'm afraid I'll have to retire soon!"

Qin Luo sighed.

Previously, he had obtained a skill called Exemption. The effect was that after activation, after 5 seconds, a special shield would be formed to counteract the incoming skill!

This was a divine skill!

Because.

This was a skill, not a simple physical magic damage!

For example, spiritual attacks, time and space effects…

Everything.

As long as it was a skill, it would disappear!

"No, we can't retire yet!"

Qin Luo shook his head. "Although the exemption is delayed by five seconds, it is still manageable. It depends on how you control the timing. The operation is more difficult, but the effect also determines the upper limit based on the user's ability! This Star Protection is good, but it can't be controlled. It's self-generated and cannot be struck by lightning. This is controlled by the enemy. They can easily break this protective shield with a small skill. That would be very embarrassing!"

There were no trashy skills, only trashy players!

This was the most basic understanding of a high-level player!

He touched the belt around his waist, which complemented the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon perfectly. Qin Luo Sheng was very satisfied with the extremely gentle Star Guardian!

Putting aside the fact that Star's Guardian had such strong attributes, special effects and skills, it was indeed worthy of the word 'legendary'. Even if it was slightly inferior, it was still quite rare. Previously, he did not have a jade pendant. Now that he had it, it was equivalent to gaining an attribute boost for free. What was there to be unhappy about?

"Now, all that's left is the bracelet!"

Qin Luo Sheng touched his bare wrist, feeling restless.

Forget about the other five items.

The inner five were, in the usual sense, necklaces, belts, capes, rings and earrings.

The bracelet, jade pendant, and wings were all hidden items that were even more special than the five of them!

It was second only to the Inner Crown, Heart-Protecting Mirror, Inner A, and other extremely special internal life-saving equipment that could not be seen even when worn. Or rather, it was a prop!

"No rush!"

Shaking his head, Qin Luo pushed aside his distracting thoughts. "Since the jade pendant is here, would the bracelet be far away?… There are still so many dungeons waiting for me to visit, especially the Level 55 dungeons that can already be opened, as well as the upcoming Level 60 dungeons. No matter what, if I can't drop it, I'll still be rewarded, right?"

He finished reading the equipment and props.

Next.

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his hands nervously, preparing to watch the surprise that had been reserved for the end!

The four evolved abilities!

"Ding! Players from all over the world, please take note. Players from all over the world, please take note. As there are more than 10 million players who have reached Level 50, the first World Martial Arts Tournament has officially begun. Any player who reaches Level 50 can register. The registration date is three days later! This World Martial Arts Tournament's specific procedures and rules, please pay attention to the official website!"

Ding…

Ding…

Ding…

Ding…

"…"

Just as Qin Luo opened his skill bar and had yet to check it, a system notification suddenly sounded beside his ear!

The bomb went off ten times.

Qin Luo was the only one who had managed to scare the mainframe of the system when he first appeared on the world television and made use of the bug!

"The World Martial Arts Tournament?"

Qin Luo repeated it word by word, and then his eyes instantly lit up!

"I like this name!"

Then, he didn't even look at the skills anymore. He immediately switched to the Internet and opened the official website of Fate Corporation. He found the post that had been pinned to the top with red words.

“I don’t know if Goku, Krillin, and Piccolo will go on stage and compete with each other!”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled like a fool. "After all, it's the World Martial Arts Tournament. Without these people, it feels a little less interesting. After all, it's my childhood!"

His popularity soared!

Recovery!

Qin Luo Sheng ignored these unimportant messages and blocked them. He then opened the post and started browsing!

The World Martial Arts Conference was very simple!

Currently, there were more than 10 million players who had reached Level 50. In the entire world, at this stage, the players could be considered to have broken free from the novice stage and entered the growth stage. They were already halfway to maturity and were starting to become stronger.

Among them.

This was especially true when the virtual currency exchange system was opened, as well as when the gang was established as a landmark!

These two meant that the players would start from leveling up to kill monsters and upgrade themselves. They would gradually become the most powerful players in the world!

In short,

Now that the players were rich, powerful, equipped, and even had their own forces and territories, they couldn't be f*cking tortoises.

Helping the war, the war of the country… It was still too early!

So.

The players' PK battle would be arranged first!

What was the point of playing games and not PKing?

So.

The Number One Martial Dao Assembly was born at this moment!

——————

< EMPTY >