Chapter 938: Rules Of The Martial Arts Conference

Since ancient times.

There was no first place in literature, no second place in martial arts!

The title of 'Supreme Martial Artist of the Pugilistic World' and 'Alliance Leader of the Pugilistic World' were enough to make those heroes fight to the death, let alone the title of 'Number One in the World'.

This was not just for show. This was truly the world's number one grand occasion!

Reaching the top of such a stage was definitely worthy of the title "Number One Under Heaven"!

First, it was the warzone, then the international stage!

He had passed all the trials, challenged all the heroes of the world, and defeated all of them. It simply made one's blood boil!

Qin Luo Sheng was the same!

If an expert didn't act cool, then what was the point of being an expert? It was like walking through the night in embroidered clothes, making one feel depressed!

The reason why the livestream was blocked from time to time was to hide his abilities and not let others see through him.

As for the purpose of doing so!

Firstly, it was to make a group of people who harbored unfathomable motives feel fear in their hearts. They would be apprehensive and not dare to act rashly. Otherwise, if something like what happened at the Furious Bears Ridge happened a few more times, they would simply feel like vomiting. Although they were not afraid, it would be very troublesome. It would severely drag down their progress in becoming stronger!

The second was to accumulate hidden strength and wait for the opportunity to become famous in one battle and obtain a massive amount of prestige. Just like the official event of the World Martial Arts Tournament, it was a grand event that included all the war zones in the world!

Once Qin Luo became the champion of the World Martial Arts Tournament, especially the world champion, his reputation would be unparalleled. Not to mention that he would have nothing to worry about, at least on the surface, no one would dare to provoke him, not even the national plane!

Like this.

Qin Qin Sheng had achieved his goal all along!

"Stop dreaming!"

Qin Sheng wiped the drool from the corner of his mouth and focused his attention on the contents of the post. "The world is so vast and there are countless capable people and extraordinary people. The strong are also like a school of carps crossing the river. If you want to be the champion now, be careful that you don't suffer a setback and capsize in the gutter. That would be really embarrassing!"

This was an opportunity and also a test!

As the influence of Fate Dimension on the real world increased, especially after the virtual currency exchange and the game time were no longer limited, it became even crazier!

Currently, the attention of the various countries in Fate Dimension had been increasing. At the same time, their investments were also increasing!

As this was the first world-class event, and it was also a martial arts conference that displayed the power of the nation, it would definitely be highly regarded. The trump cards that he had hidden in the past would definitely be revealed now, and he would strive to win first place and become famous in the world!

Besides.

This was not just a battle of prestige, but a battle of national strength. It even involved the fate of the nation!

After all.

According to the world television series that had major events in the past, it would increase the reputation of the warzone. Those with great influence would even spread to the warzone. The mainframe would provide feedback. For example, within a certain period of time, experience would increase and drop rates would increase!

Even though the increase was very small, 5%, 10%, it was nothing to him.

You have to know.

This was the overall improvement of a war zone.

This was especially so for Qin Sheng, who had achieved it before. The feedback from the mainframe had spread to the entire Chinese war zone. How terrifying was that?

There were more than one billion players in the Chinese war zone!

5% and 10% increase on the base of one billion. How much experience would this increase and how much equipment would be dropped?

It was just a small increase, yet it had such a huge impact, not to mention the World Martial Arts Tournament. Once he became the world champion, the rewards given by the mainframe would be unimaginable!

No country could resist such temptation, not even a big country!

This was what Qin Sheng was thinking!

If he were to become the champion of the World Martial Arts Tournament on behalf of the Huaxia warzone and sweep away all the experts in other warzones, standing at the top of the world, how much glory and benefits would that bring to China?

When the time came.

Regardless of whether the Chinese players admitted it or not, regardless of whether they acknowledged it or not, or whether they accepted it or not, Qin Sheng was still a hero!

At that time.

Regardless of whether it was the Lei Corporation's top-notch forces or the state's machinery, before they touched a hero, they had to consider whether they could bear the consequences of this matter!

If it really developed to that step, then Disheng would be safe. Even if his real identity was exposed, it wouldn't matter.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Qin Sheng would not place his hopes here either!

Relying on the path of balance, the security and peace that others sought after after weighing and fearing was false and passive!

He liked to take the initiative!

So.

He had to control a powerful force that was powerful enough to sweep through everything and suppress all dissatisfaction. He had to be able to destroy a race, a city, a country, and even a planet with a flick of his finger. Only then would he be truly safe!

…

"This is really complicated!"

After reading the contents of the World Martial Arts Tournament, Qin Sheng felt a headache.

It was simple and complicated.

The content was simple.

The complicated schedule.

The content was simple:

1. The participating players had to be at least level 50. There were no restrictions on their jobs or gender… It could be said that other than their levels, there were no restrictions on anything else. This was the bottom line!

2. The registration date is three days later. In other words, as long as you reach Level 50 three days later, you can also participate. The actual number of participants is far more than the current 10 million. The exact number is unknown!

3. After participating in the Martial Arts Conference, there were three battles.

The first battle was the elimination round of the arena, which was based on points. In this round, the players were randomly selected by the system. The location of the battle was not a real location but an arena.

Win, accumulate one point; draw, zero; lose, negative one point.

Every player had ten rounds of chances, which meant they had to fight ten rounds. Those who had accumulated five points would directly advance to the next round. In other words, if you won five rounds in a row, there was no need to fight the next five rounds!

This was probably to prevent the system from randomly selecting opponents and causing some unlucky individuals to be eliminated one after another due to bad luck. Therefore, they were given ten chances to advance if they won five times. If they were to still be angry, there was nothing they could do.

The players who advanced to the second round would proceed to the elimination round again. However, this time, three points would be accumulated in five matches to advance to the next round. In other words, there would be a total of five fighter planes, and they would only advance after winning three matches!

Then.

It continued.

According to this method, they would fight until the top 100!

After the top 100.

The point ranking competition had been changed to an elimination round!

This was the second battle!

1v1 elimination battle!

The system would randomly select the participants for a 1v1 battle. If they won, they would advance to the next round. If they lost, they would be eliminated immediately!

After the arena matches for the top 32 were decided, the following matches would be changed to live scenes such as forests, plains, wastelands, ice surfaces, and so on!

This was the third battle!

Scene battle!