Chapter 930: Explosion, Heaven-Defying Hand Of The Abyss (3)

"No, we can't avoid the battle!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

He was already at an absolute disadvantage in terms of environment!

Plus.

Against a half-step Mythical BOSS like Immortal Starseizer, even if he only had a quarter of his strength at his peak, he was far from being able to handle it!

To be able to compete with him, he had relied on the amplification of many skills to forcibly increase his own attributes and weaken Immortal Zhai Xing. In this situation where both sides were weakening, and with the addition of a small support, they were evenly matched!

Now.

Immortal Starseizer still had the advantage!

Why?

This was their home ground!

If not for the fact that many factors had been added together and the Star God Forbidden Energy had crippled Immortal Starseizer's most powerful weapon—his spell technique and Daoist technique, as well as that round light that clearly wasn't an ordinary object, it would have been impossible for the current situation to occur!

Besides.

Don't think that Immortal Zhai Xing could rest easy just because his ability had been crippled. What had been crippled were his conventional spells and dao techniques. Those secret arts that he had inherited could still be used. After all, Qin Sheng's own equipment and props could all be used, not to mention Immortal Zhai Xing who had a stronger foundation!

"I have to end this quickly!"

Qin Sheng could not even breathe normally without the cooperation of the Great River and the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, let alone fight!

So.

Time was of the essence. Even though Qin Sheng knew very well that as long as he fought steadily, within a minute of the Stargod Forbidden Energy, he would definitely be able to annihilate Immortal Starseizer, there was nothing he could do. Dajiang simply wouldn't be able to hold on for that long. He could only risk his life!

"Soul Lamp Spirit Voice!"

Qin Sheng took out the Buddhist treasure [Soul Guiding Lamp] and gently shook it. This was a special tool that targeted the soul, and it instantly struck Immortal Zhai Xing in his primordial spirit form!

"Quick, let's attack together!"

Qin Sheng roared as he looked at Immortal Zhai Xing, who had been bewitched by the Spirit Voice of the Soul Lantern and had shaken his spirit. He understood that this opportunity could not be missed, and that it could not come again. He took the lead and charged forward like a mad dog.

Behind.

Desert Dust and Ink Ice followed closely behind!

The claw-shaped hand of the abyss, as well as the blood demon sword that was filled with evil and blood, landed heavily on Immortal Zhai Xing's body!

As for Xiaoxiao.

It was the same as before, a support from the flank!

He had no choice.

Under the Star God Forbidden Energy, the elements were completely eliminated. As a magic dragon proficient in seven types of elemental magic, she was also very desperate!

"Desert Dust, charge, use your skill!”

Instantly.

Desert Dust, who was still attacking wildly, stopped in his tracks. Energy burst forth from his body. The Abyssal Hands in his hands had already changed from claw form to fist form. He began to gather strength. The violent force that spread out shook the surroundings!

Three seconds passed in the blink of an eye!

Yet.

Immortal Zhai Xing, who should have woken up, did not escape the influence of [Soul Lamp Spirit Voice]!

"The heavens are really helping me!"

Qin Luo opened the battle log to take a look.

He discovered that it was actually because of the effects of the [Soul Lamp Spirit Voice], which happened to counter Immortal Zhai Xing’s current Essence Soul state. After all, it was used on the soul and shook the mind. In addition, the [Soul Lamp Spirit Voice] was a Buddhist treasure and contained the power of Buddhism. The sound of the chanting made Immortal Zhai Xing, who was already lost and had fallen into the demonic path, even more affected.

Hence.

The control that was supposed to last for three seconds actually lasted for two seconds and five seconds!

"Unbelievable!"

Another two seconds later, Immortal Zhai Xing came back to his senses. He looked at the [Soul Guiding Lamp] in Qin Sheng's hands and sighed. "I didn't expect that Benefactor's blessings would be so deep. You actually have such a Buddhist treasure in your hands!"

"You're too kind, Daoist Priest. I only obtained this spirit lamp by chance and was lucky!"

Qin Luo replied humbly.

Even though they were fighting to the death, it was undeniable that there was no hatred between them. On the contrary, they got along quite well, and their views on the world were very good. Unfortunately, fate played tricks on people, and fate was unpredictable, so they had no choice but to oppose each other.

It had nothing to do with anything else. It was just that the location was different. That was all!

This was a battle that was destined not to be won, yet there was nothing he could do. He had no choice but to fight!

“Such strength, such dominance, such a strong battle intent!”

Spatial tremors weren't caused by a sudden surge of energy, but by relying on his own power and dominance, as well as his battle-intent, he was able to cause the Void to tremble. Not to mention Qin Luo Sheng, even the experienced and knowledgeable Immortal Starseizer had never encountered such a situation.

"Daoist Priest, please take this!"

Qin Luo Sheng's will descended upon Desert Dust's body. He controlled this accumulated power for a full five seconds, reaching the peak of his fist strength. He swung it towards Immortal Zhai Xing in an incomparably violent manner and roared, "Boundless Fist… Zhan Wushuang!"

Boom…

An indescribable power erupted. The fist that carried the Hand of the Abyss collided heavily with Immortal Zhai Xing’s Essence Soul. The power of the fist erupted, and layers of shockwaves spread outwards. Wherever it passed, regardless of whether it was the rocks floating in the air or anything else, nothing could resist it. They were all affected and turned into dust.

How terrifying!

Even Qin Sheng, the initiator of this punch, was stunned by the unbelievable effect!

Was this the ability of a master who relied on the mysterious inheritance blueprint that was suspected to be a divine weapon and used countless divine-rank materials and put in all his effort to advance?

A legend!

As expected of a legend!

If one were to talk about the Mythical [Coiling Dragon Li Water], it relied on might and momentum. It contained the ten mystical water Li Water and three dragon souls. In terms of control and group battles, it was invincible!

So.

This Mythical Hand of the Abyss relied on domineeringness and arrogance. It could switch between two forms at will and be invincible in a one-on-one battle. Its attacks were unparalleled and unstoppable!

This punch.

It was proof!

"Chase after them!"

The punch triggered the forceful knockback effect of Overlord Infinity Zhan Wushuang. Even Immortal Starseizer was not immune to this effect, and was instantly sent flying!

"Unparalleled Fist Technique! Effect 2!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately caught up. Like a fish, his body caught up to Immortal Zhaixing's flying primordial spirit. The Abyssal Hands flashed once more as he unleashed his technique!

Tyrannical Fist, Endless Battle, Unparalleled!

That's right.

It was still him!

This skill had two effects. The first effect was released just now, and after accumulating power, it could deal damage of different levels. It was the type that could be used with a single punch!

And now.

The fist shadows were so fast that it dazzled the eyes!

This was the second effect.

It could be used to attack a single person or a group of people. The speed of the punch was pulled very fast. Even though the damage was far less than the first effect, it was superior in quantity. From its appearance and attack form effects, it looked somewhat like the moves of a rubbery youth who often shouted "I am the man who is going to become the Pirate King".

Still.

Qin Luo was not a rubber man, so this move could only be used in close combat. Only then could the glove hit the target it wanted to hit and not miss!

——————

Lesser Notes

PS1: [Unparalleled Fist Overlord] consumes 10,000 mana. Effects: 1. For 1-5 seconds, accumulate power and deal 200% - 1000% damage, plus 100% flying! Cooldown time: 10 minutes! Effect: 2. For 1-on-1 or group use, countless punches are thrown in an extremely short period of time (depending on the speed of the user's attack). Every punch will deal 200% damage. Duration: 3 seconds. Maximum x seconds (depending on the user's physique). Cooldown time: 1 hour!

PS2: [Afterimage Ghost Claw Splits the Heavens] consumes 10,000 Mana Points to use on a single target, displaying its peak state. The Hand of Abyss turned into an afterimage, like a ghost claw appearing, tearing apart the sky, dealing 80% damage. Attack count:???? Duration:????: Cooldown: 24 hours!