Chapter 932: The Shining Stars And The Evolution Under The Stars

"Master, be careful!"

The space between Immortal Starseizer's fingers seemed to be mixed with the universe at the tip of his finger. The dazzling, boundless starlight was like a sparkling star. "Immortal Dao divine ability, Starfall!"

A star had been plucked!

Moreover…

Qin Sheng was thrown towards him by Immortal Zhai Xing.

What kind of experience was this?

Qin Luo Sheng was completely stupefied, dazed, and rooted to the spot!

Do you know what it feels like to be enveloped by a boundless star?

No one knew!

"This time, it's really over!"

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body was cold, his scalp numb, and his heart dead!

Buzz…

Suddenly.

In the distant sky, the galaxy that seemed to be in another dimension suddenly flashed.

At the same time.

Qin Luo Sheng's equipment disintegrated on its own. He was completely naked, and his entire body was exposed.

His whole body was emitting the light of meridians, as if he was reflecting the distant galaxy.

Xiaoxiao subconsciously covered her eyes, and then subconsciously glanced at Qin Sheng's naked body. Then, she glanced again, and again. She was so frightened by the giant dragon that her face turned red and her heart beat wildly!

Except.

The gazes of Yin and Yang quickly shifted.

Xiaoxiao looked at the sun mark on the back of Qin Sheng's right hand that had released the power of extreme yang, the moon mark on the back of his left hand that had released the power of extreme yin, and… the Big Dipper mark that was arranged in the shape of a ladle on his feet!

"What… what is this?"

The sudden abnormality made Immortal Zhai Xing, who was as steady as Mount Tai, panic like an old dog. Looking at Qin Sheng, whose entire body was surging with the power of the sun, moon, yin, and yang (sun and moon), the power of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, and lightning elements (Seven Stars Mark), as if an ancient saint had descended, his body could not help but bend down. He almost prostrated himself, kowtowed, and naturally submitted!

“This is… the Lord of the Stars?”

The silent universe came to life.

Yet.

As the perpetrators, Immortal Zhai Xing and Qin Sheng were both dumbstruck. They had no idea what had happened.

Immortal Starseizer had no idea at all.

But Qin Luo still had some guesses.

Because.

There seemed to be a special connection between him and the stars in the galaxy. He could feel the throbbing and pulse of his SSS talent, the Lord of the Stars!

It was as if he was calling out!

The call between the Lords of the Stars and the stars!

Yes!

The Lord of the Stars!

Wasn't the Lord of the Stars the master of the stars, or rather the leader?

Now.

He, who had inherited the position of Lord of the Stars, had a connection with those stars, just like a king accepting the worship of his subjects!

"What should I do?"

Qin Luo was at a loss.

Too weak.

The current Qin Sheng was too weak and could not break through the shackles at all. Even with the power of the stars, the Lords of the Stars had not given him a method, and he had no inherited memories to do it.

He could only helplessly feel the connection between the endless slashes and his own weakness!

“Woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh…”

Yet.

With a thought, Qin Sheng's mind moved. The stars in the galaxy seemed to have been summoned by the king as they released a dense radiance of the stars. They descended from the sky and engulfed Qin Sheng's body precisely.

"Is this starlight?"

Qin Luo Sheng bathed in the radiance of the stars. That indescribable warmth and affection was like a swallow returning to its nest, giving him an unprecedented, indescribable feeling. "So warm!"

Pop!

Just like the sound of cannon fodder shattering, the star which Immortal Starseizer had plucked with his divine ability instantly shattered under the illumination of the starlight!

"It seems like fate is not on me!"

Immortal Zhai Xing smiled bitterly. He looked at Qin Luo Sheng, who was so noble that he did not dare to look directly at Qin Luo. He let out a desolate sigh and sat down cross-legged. "With you around, my tragedy will definitely not happen in the future. This way, I can go in peace. I wish that everyone in the human race is like a dragon!"

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 62 half-step Mythical BOSS Immortal Zhai Xing. EXP gained: 8,000W. Reputation: 100,000! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Current level: Level 59, Health Points + 200, Mana Points + 350, Strength + 8, Spirit + 10. You have received 60 free attribute points! '

Ding… You have received Starlight Illumination and received Star Reflection. Four attributes + 1000, Special attributes + 10, [Sky Martial] Evolution, [Sacred Body] Evolution, [Divine Flash] Evolution, [Spiritual Wisdom] Evolution! '

Ding… congratulations on successfully clearing the level 50 dungeon [Land of Curses] single-handedly. As you are the first to clear this dungeon single-handedly, you will receive the dungeon's only designated reward. The system will also be advertising the entire war zone. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

Qin Luo did not respond!

Because.

At this moment, he was immersed in 'communication' with the stars in the galaxy!

The starlight that sprinkled over his entire body made him feel incomparably warm, unwilling to wake up!

"…3, 2, 1. Players have not chosen, and the system has tacitly revealed its ID!"

Ding… Chinese war zone players, please take note. Chinese war zone players, please take note. Player Weeping Souls has cleared the level 50 dungeon [Cursed Land]. He has received a single exclusive reward: + 500 for the four attributes, + 5 for the special attributes, + 1 for the special scroll * 1, and 1 for the special skills *! At the same time, his heroic deeds will be imprinted on the Hero Stone Tablet for all heroes to admire!

Ding…

Ding…

Three continuous prompts from the warzone caused all the players in the China warzone to faint!

‘ What?’

Someone cleared the solo Abyss Mode of the level 50 dungeon [Cursed Land] and obtained the only customized reward. His ID was forever imprinted on the Hero Tablet?

Tsk!

Who the fuck stole my merits?

Ah!

It was a Weeping Soul Beast!

Oh.

Then it's fine!

Big brother 666!

The big shots were so powerful!

Big brother, look at me, you look familiar!

Big brother f*ck me, I'll pay for the room!

…

The entire forum, as well as the places that could be discussed, was in chaos!

Especially the official forum section. The speed at which the post appeared was so fast that even the eyes couldn't follow it.

It wasn't just the Huaxia warzone that was involved. There were other warzones as well.

He had no choice.

Although the dungeons in the various warzones were different, they were definitely the most compatible dungeons in the warzone according to the calculation of the mainframe. Moreover, the difficulty was almost the same!

The other war zones.

Even the fastest progressing American warzone was only a group of first-tier players who had managed to clear the level 45 Abyss Mode together. Furthermore, it was a team that had cleared the level, not a solo clearing.

The solo Abyss was much more difficult than the team Abyss. The Boss was even stronger!

Damn!

Even clearing the dungeon for a team was very difficult. For individual dungeons, not only did they not reduce the difficulty, they increased it!

Who could withstand it?

Weeping Soul Beast had withstood it!

The big shots in the various war zones were speechless.