Chapter 948: Real Simulation Battle

"No, this is just a simulation!"

Qin Luo said.

The scene transformation and the simulation were two completely different concepts!

The most direct observation was…

The scene changed and the place became different!

As for the scene simulation, one would still remain in the same spot, but the scene would change!

Just like now.

The originally empty and flat land was incomparably desolate. Now, it had suddenly turned into a lush forest. It was truly strange!

"This should be the upcoming Martial Arts Conference, where the top 32 competitions have the same result?"

Qin Luo looked at the unfamiliar forest environment and said, "It's just that this place is a simulation. As for the exact situation at the martial arts conference, I'm not sure yet!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Just as everyone was at a loss of what to do, suddenly, arrows flew everywhere. Dozens of sharp arrows with energy fluctuations shot towards Qin Sheng.

"Be careful!"

Qin Luo Sheng reacted swiftly. Wielding the Sacred Dragon Sword, he suddenly ran to the front and brandished his sword, accurately blocking all the arrows!

"Who is it?"

No one answered this question, or rather, the answer was rather unique.

"Interesting!"

As he watched the arrows flying towards him once again, this time, it was twice as many as before. Qin Luo Sheng suddenly turned around and mounted the icy cold back. Like an icy blue meteor, he dashed wildly towards the interior of the forest where the arrows came from. At the same time, he shouted in the team channel:

"Hurry up and find cover. Don't stand in the open space. Otherwise, you will be ambushed by archers from all directions! This is a simulated battle. It's a test to fight in a complicated environment."

"Forest, this is the most suitable scene for archers and hunters. Don't be careless. If you can fight, fight. If you can't fight, don't force yourself. Wait for me to finish this!"

The girls in the team were all experts. No matter how bad they were, they would still listen to orders.

Now.

Everyone immediately moved and scattered. They each found a large tree to lean on. This way, at least their backs would not be attacked and there would be less danger.

Even though there were a lot of weaklings in the team, their coordination was quite good. Furthermore, everyone had their own pets, and the distance between their teammates was not very far. Even if there was danger, they would quickly receive support.

Especially.

Most of the ambushers hiding in the dark had been attracted by Qin Sheng's violent charge. Xiaoxiao had also soared into the air and unabashedly exposed her huge body under the eyes of all the monsters. Her Hatred Points were maxed out!

Thus…

Even if there were people who noticed Sanguine Primrose and the others, it was only a small portion of them. With their abilities, protecting themselves was not a problem at all.

"Yo, it's you guys again!"

Bing Bing had reached Level 50, and her Racial Talent [Mountain Treading Water] had been awakened to the third stage. The first stage was Mountain Treading, which allowed her to travel between the mountains as if they were flat ground. The second stage was Water Treading, which allowed her to run wildly on the surface of the water without any restrictions or being trapped in the water. In other words, she could run on the water, just like she usually did on land. The third stage was Flying, which did not require much explanation.

Qilin was the king of beasts, and land was their home ground!

Even though they were in the rugged forest, to Bing Bing, it was like a dragon entering the sea or a bird soaring in the sky. Not only was there no sluggishness, her speed was even faster!

In a few breaths, Qin Sheng ran up to the assailant. Heh, it was actually an acquaintance!

That's right.

It was the God Archers of the Elf Tribe. However, compared to the four hundred God Archers of the Chaotic War Elves previously, the ones that appeared in the virtual world were stronger. They were all Silver Boss Enhancement!

Yet.

It was still not enough!

In the eyes of Qin Sheng, a mere Silver Strengthening Archer was no different from a small monster!

His main body rode on Bing Bing as he fought crazily!

His avatar Desert Dust relied on his powerful physical strength and the Fist Emperor's ability to move back and forth in the forest. On the thick branches of the trees, he jumped endlessly like a spiritual ape. He was even more agile than the elves who were favored by nature. He defeated a group of elven bowmen and caused countless casualties!

Twenty-six minutes later!

As the last divine archer was burned to death by the tiny dragon breath, the third trial was successfully completed!

As expected.

The system prompt sounded. It was another ten minutes of rest time.

"Isn't this trial too difficult?"

Mu Mu panted heavily, her face pale. She said unhappily, "If you want to kill monsters, just kill them. There are so many tricks up your sleeve. Those guys ambushed me and made me look so miserable. How hateful!"

"I don't know how many levels there are in this trial, but the simulation battle is starting now, and the ones that appeared are still small fries. Furthermore, these small fries are all Silver Enhanced Bosses. Who knows what level the real powerful Boss at the back will be!"

Indigo Collar analyzed gloomily.

After being beaten up by so many monsters, her long legs that she was so proud of were tired from running. Now, her waist and legs were aching. It was really uncomfortable!

"What grade is this mission?"

Qing Si asked.

"I don't know," Qin Luo replied. "There's no description on the mission, just three question marks!"

"Then it's difficult!" The azure hair said, "If I remember correctly, the Mercenary King had nine companions at that time. You said that there were nine temples. If every one of them is so difficult and complicated, we don't know how long it will take!"

Everyone had plenty of time!

Ever since the game officials released the game time and no longer restricted it, this concern had completely disappeared!

Unlike before, the gaming helmet had eight hours a day, and the gaming capsule had ten hours a day. It was simply maddening!

If possible.

Rich people like them did not need to run around for their lives. They could stay in the World of Destiny 24 hours a day. They did not even need to go offline to eat or go to the toilet.

Because of the gaming capsule and the nutrient solution, it could last for at most a month without going offline. This was how impressive high-tech technology was!

Mission difficulty?

In the past, no one would care about this. Instead, they would be happy.

The harder the mission was, the better the reward would be, and the more excited they would be!

What he needed to worry about the most was not the time, but the difficulty. He could not pass it!

However, with Weeping Soul Beast around, even if it wasn't 100% guaranteed, it was at least 80% more likely to pass!

Yet.

It was different now!

Three days later, the first World Martial Arts Conference would begin. Who wouldn't participate in such a grand event?

Everyone present had signed up. They could not give up!

The reason he was able to come here before the Martial Arts Conference was naturally to increase his strength as soon as possible and strive for a better ranking. If he couldn’t complete the mission and couldn’t obtain any rewards, then he could only farm some experience and see if he could increase his level. This sort of increase in strength was too limited!

Damn it!

So annoying!