Chapter 949: Archers Branch: Forest Hunters

"Don't panic!"

Qin Luo said, "If we start the trial now, it will only take two hours. Let's take a look below and see how many more rounds there are in the internal space of this statue. Calculating, if it's within five hours, we can make it in time!"

All the girls instantly fell silent.

Ten minutes later.

The system notification sounded accurately without any error!

"Ding, please kill the trial-taker within ten minutes!"

The forest scene was not taken back and returned to that desolate land.

Accompanying the system notification was a very "sexy" humanoid BOSS. He was very muscular and was covered in animal skin. He was holding a small crossbow and a Mountain Splitting Blade with a large bow on his back!

Hunter.

He was definitely a hunter.

Heavenly Eye, open.

[Forest Hunter (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 55

Health: 7,500,000

Mana: 500000

Physical Attack: 120,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 50,000

Magic Defense: 30,000

Speed: 25,000

Skills: [Trap Digging] [Machinery Crossbow] [Five-Star Pearl Arrow]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Forest hunters are extremely special existences. They know the forest like the back of their hands. They hold a Mountain-Splitting Blade, a repeating crossbow, and a huge bow on their backs. No matter whether they are flying in the sky, running in the forest, or swimming in the stream, all living things are within their hunting range. Entering the forest is like going home. In the forest, their combat power is extremely terrifying. As long as the prey is targeted, it is impossible to escape.

F*ck!

What arrogance!

How could a Gold-tier Boss be so awesome?

Have you asked my Bing Bing before?

I believe you have the ability to hunt wild beasts. However, for strange beasts, especially those from the Ancient Era or even the Ancient Era, why don't you hunt one for me?

Bing Bing had the Qilin bloodline of the King of Beasts, yet she did not dare to be so arrogant!

As a hunter, how dare you claim that you have hunted everything?

Tsk tsk!

"Leave this fellow to me!"

Qin Luo Sheng called out. Without waiting for his teammates to react, he rode on Bing Bing to give chase. At the same time, Xiaoxiao and Desert Dust moved as well. It was supposed to be a 1v1, but it was actually a shameless 3v1, or even 4v1.

This "four" was naturally not ink ice, but ice!

Although Bing Bing was only a mount, she, who possessed the bloodline of the Qilin, had also awakened many abilities. It was just that Qin Sheng had always been either not bringing her along in his battles, relying on his own legs, or not needing her, and could easily resolve them.

Thus…

This concealed Bing Bing's ability and made others think that she was just a beautiful mount, nothing more!

"Be careful of the trap!"

As a hunter and a branch of archers, setting up traps was mainstream and also the biggest difference between them and archers. Archers were only archers and were famous for their archery skills.

As for the branch hunters, they weakened their archery skills and developed them fully!

For example, setting up traps. Before fighting, they would trap the enemy and gain the initiative.

For example, at mid-range, one could use a repeating crossbow to attack. Its speed was extremely fast, far better than ordinary arrows!

For example, he could hold a saber and engage in close combat at close range!

This.

He was omnipotent!

But it was precisely because of this that the way of battle was too complicated and unsophisticated, and it became extremely valuable!

Swish…

Unfortunately.

This hunter had bumped into Qin Sheng, who had been jinxed by the heavens!

The Heavenly Eye swept out, exposing all the traps!

Hunter's greatest ability had been crippled!

Moreover, Bing Bing was the King of Beasts, under the effect of her innate ability, how could she fall into their territory?

The effect of [Mountain Treading Water] was activated, and it easily avoided all kinds of traps without being affected at all!

"Desert Dust!”

Qin Luo's magnificent mount, which had the blood of a qilin in it, naturally attracted the attention of the forest hunters.

Taking advantage of this opportunity.

Qin Qin Sheng was multitasking. He had taken away the control rights of the AI and made Desert Dust use his skills!

Instantly.

With a Teleport, Desert Dust successfully closed in on the Forest Hunter. The Abyssal Hands carried the power of the Berserk Punch and punched out!

Boom…

The Forest Hunter with a weak constitution was unable to block Desert Dust's fist, which had activated the Divine Elephant. With one punch, not only did he lose 15% of his HP, he was also successfully sent flying towards Qin Sheng who was riding on ice!

"Good ball!"

Qin Luo raised his sword and the Sacred Dragon Sword released a golden radiance. With a heavy slash, it landed on the body of the forest hunter that was flying over!

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo's true body was sobbing, and he did not knock back or knock down these effects. Otherwise, he could have kicked the forest hunter like a ball!

Even so.

The feeling of being a forest hunter was not pleasant either.

After being slashed by Qin Sheng, before he could stabilize himself after dispelling the force, the next moment, the little dragon in the air spat out a breath of air and covered him entirely.

"Attack!"

At Qin Luo's command, he took the lead and charged forward, entangling the hunter tightly.

This guy was a branch of archers and was very weak. Even against normal archers, hunters were more powerful and had more tricks up their sleeves. Even if they got close to him and did not have the time to shoot arrows, the crossbows in his hands and the Mountain Splitting Blade could still be used as a counterattack!

Unfortunately.

Too weak!

It was a mixture of all sorts of skills. It knew everything, but it wasn't strong at all. With this kind of half-baked melee style, how could it fight against the two melee fighters, Weeping Soul and Desert Dust?

Dream on!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 55 Gold Boss—Forest Hunter. EXP gained: 800W + Reputation: 1000! '

In less than a minute.

Qin Luo had fallen under Qin Sheng's sword just like that.

The entire process was calm, as if he was torturing vegetables. It was boring!

Still.

The battle was not pleasing to the eye, but the experience points were really fragrant!

In just one minute, he had earned eight million experience points!

Although the girls in the team did not make a move, there were still 300W-500W (different levels). All of them were very happy!

"Continue!"

After a familiar ten minutes of rest, the system spawned another BOSS!

Epic?

Qin Sheng was not particularly surprised when his Heavenly Eye saw through the Boss' attributes!

The Forest Hunters were all Gold Strengthening. Those who came out after him were definitely stronger. It was only an Epic, an ordinary Epic, and not an Enhancement. It was already somewhat suppressed!

Since it was related to Goumang, all the monsters were either archers from the beginning!

This time.

It was no exception!

Without the Forest Hunters, this Ancient BOSS immediately returned to being a traditional mainstream archer, the type that used a bow to conquer the world. There were no traps, no repeating crossbows, no fancy moves like Mountain!

Unfortunately.

In the face of Qin Luo and his group of animals, an Epic BOSS was nothing much. He was just a vegetable!

Fortunately.

In the end, it was still an Epic-ranked beast. Qin Sheng did not unleash his full strength. He only used his usual strength to finish it within three minutes!

——————

< EMPTY >