Chapter 942: I'M Not A Bootlicker

"Sigh, f*ck, how pathetic!"

After hanging up the call, Qin Sheng could not help but sigh. "That's not right either. How can such a small matter be considered petty when it comes to the love of a man and the love of a woman? In reality, if one were to chase after a girl, at the very least, one would have to spend money to eat, drink, or watch a movie, right? One would have to pay a price, right? If one did not come for anything, one would only ask the other party out for a ride. How could that be possible?"

Qin Luo Sheng had also seen quite a lot of news. For example, during blind dates, girls would bring their relatives to make several tables. Those were shameless people. Or, they would bring along a bunch of close friends and spend all sorts of money on blind dates, completely ignoring the male side. This was also disgusting enough!

Still.

This was very rare!

Most of the young people of the new era still had the correct values. They also cared about their face!

Maybe not.

But no matter what, he would not be too ruthless. They were all adults and would not be so stupid!

It was fine as long as he could do it. If he couldn't, he would disperse. It didn't matter!

It was the same for Qin Luo Sheng. Perhaps to others, it was an honor for the famous Weeping Soul Beast to personally lead the dungeon. It was hard to buy even with money. But to him, it was just a matter of convenience. It was no big deal. It was the same for him to enter the dungeon alone anyway. There was no difference. At most, he would lose a little bit of experience. It was no big deal!

It was just like how an ordinary person would treat others to a meal, a hotpot meal, and a few hundred to thousands of yuan. It would not hurt him, but it would still hurt him!

However, if it was a rich second-generation heir who treated him to a good meal and spent tens of thousands, or even more, in his eyes, it would not matter at all. It was a piece of cake!

This was the difference in position and vision!

Qin Qin Sheng had a very good impression of Su Youran. Other than the fact that she was a big beauty, her encounter with him was also quite legendary. She was the kind of hero who only existed in novels and movies to save a beauty, so he had a deep impression of her!

Plus.

Su You Ran was the only one who had gone out with Qin Sheng to shop, eat, and play. They were very much like girls on dates. Even though he had added Nannan as a third wheel at that time, Qin Sheng, who had crossed some boundaries, did not dare to do it and could only follow the rules!

He had lived two lives.

How could he forget his first date with a girl so easily?

Moreover…

Qin Luo had even invited Su Youran to his house, and Su Youran had also invited Qin Luo to her house.

It could be said.

Other than not confessing and officially confirming their relationship, they were already almost like a couple!

Unfortunately.

Fate made fools of people.

First it was Nan Nan who went missing, then it was Sanguine Primrose who came looking for her.

As a result, Qin Luo had been taken advantage of by the Dreadfiend Wheel when his emotions were in a state of chaos because he could not see Nan Nan. The Demon Wheel of Terror had leaked out negative energy and controlled him, thus allowing him to forge a masterpiece. After that, he had signed a secret contract with Sanguine Primrose and left that district to live in the Xiao Mountain villa!

The couple who were supposed to be a couple ended up dead!

It turned out that Qin Luo was planning to let go of this relationship. After all, his plan was very terrifying. The position he was in didn't allow him to be willful. At least, he didn't have the right to look for Su You Ran in the face of strength that could sweep through the world. Otherwise, she would be implicated as well.

Yet.

Unexpectedly.

She had thought that she was just an ordinary white-collar worker who was at most of a higher grade, but she was actually pretending to be a pig to eat the tiger. She was a rich woman!

Damn it!

Thus…

Qin Luo Sheng was no longer concealing his feelings!

At the same time, as he grew stronger, his worries lessened. Now, he could even expose Su Youran in front of Sanguine Primrose!

So what?

For the past ten days and half a month, Su Youran had been neglected because of the third-promotion mission and the dungeon rewards!

This…

If he had some free time, he would come first. It was also very good to bring along some dungeons.

Pulling her best friend along was also for another reason.

Don't look down on girls' best friends and sisters. If they were used well, it would be much better than any flower or gift!

The girls were his fans to begin with, and now that his idol had personally brought them to the dungeon, he didn't have to think about it. They would definitely speak nicely to him. With them around, how long would it take for him to leave singlehood?

As the saying goes…

To take what you want, you must first give!

This was not bootlicking, but a way of dealing with people!

…

“Idol, it’s me, it’s me!” Priest Nainai said frantically. As the number one female fan, she was quite crazy to see her idol!

“Weeping Soul Elder Brother, we meet again, wah wah wah wah!” Following that was the vegetable girl. This girl was exceptionally flirtatious. She clearly had a very pure face, but when she opened her mouth, her charming and fox-like voice was enough to make men shiver!

"Thank you, boss, for bringing us to the dungeon!" Other than Su Youran, the only other person who was normal was Indigo Collar, who had a similar ID as her. She had long legs and was a mature lady. Although she looked very charming and made people want to lift her long legs up to do something, her personality was the most normal. She was charming, but it was only because of her charm. It wasn't because she liked to flirt!

“Hello, Big Brother Weihun!” The cat was the last to greet him. He was just like his name, as cute and exquisite as a cat. However, he was a little shy and introverted. That timid expression and LOLI’s appearance really made people unable to control their mouths… Cough cough, it made people unable to help but feel pity for him!

Qin Sheng did not expose Rong Yan when he was wearing the mask. Naturally, he did not reveal his current expression either. However, Su You Ran and Qin Sheng had met many times in real life and had almost become a couple. She was no stranger to him. She could tell with one glance that something was wrong with his gaze. It was just that her sisters were here now and she could not fly into a rage. Therefore, she could only look at Qin Sheng with her half-smile, as though she could speak!

Yeah.

There was killing intent!

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body shivered as his heart shuddered. He was embarrassed and did not dare to think too much!

Although food and sex were normal, as a man, when he saw so many high-quality girls and all of them were fangirls, how could he still be considered a man if he didn't have any thoughts? How was that normal?

Still.

The biggest difference between humans and animals was that they could control their desires!

Qin Qin Sheng was like that.

He also liked girls and beautiful women. With his current wealth, what kind of women could he not find? He could even change one every day! In fact, he could even be a little more extravagant and have a few of them a day as long as his body could take it!

Except.

He could control his desires. He was a good man!

That was enough!

As for whether or not he had put in the effort, it did not matter. It was fine as long as he did not make any mistakes. It was normal to think about it or take a look. It was not illegal!