Chapter 945: Second Stage, Elven God Archer

"Let's get to work!"

The battle formation was assembled and arrows rained down.

Qin Qin Sheng roared and summoned Xiaoxiao. Riding on Bing Bing, he led the charge.

Although Archers were also in the Physics Department, they were still long-range. Their health and defense were at most a little stronger than mages. Naturally, they had to fight in close combat!

Swish…

After adding a speed enhancement skill, Bing Bing seemed to have turned into an ice shadow. Before the rain of arrows fell, she instantly passed through and arrived in front of the battle formation formed by a group of Archers.

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

“Divine Elephant!”

"Sacred Flame!"

Four augmentation skills were activated.

Instantly.

Qin Luo's attributes increased rapidly.

Especially when the divine elephant opened up, it was simply terrifying. In a second, Qin Sheng's healthy body was enlarged. Although he was not a muscular man, the terrifying power that filled his body made him feel that he could kill an elephant with one punch!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The golden sword qi surged wildly. It relied on the augmentation provided by the holy flames to reach Qin Sheng. He did not need to get close to the enemy completely. The attack only worked when he slashed the holy dragon sword on the enemy's body.

At the same time.

With the enhancement of the Holy Flame and the most comfortable and efficient splitting ability to kill monsters in groups!

Apart from the unlucky fellow who had been struck by the sword, his companions had also suffered from split damage. Even though the damage was only 80% of the original, Qin Sheng's current attributes were not something that elite monsters like them who were not even Bosses could withstand!

Besides.

Other than Qin Sheng, there was also a small amount of spitting elemental magic on it. There were also eight girls behind him who were displaying their abilities and attacking non-stop!

Initially, the archers of the imperial guards, who had the advantage in numbers, should have had the upper hand. However, it was a pity that they encountered an unreasonable group of boorish men. Their strength was completely suppressed and they were completely helpless. The sharpshooters did not even shoot their arrows a few times before they turned ruthless on the spot!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 50 Three Star Enhanced Elite. Experience received: 30,000 points! '

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 50 Three Star Enhanced Elite. Experience received: 30,000 points! '

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 50 Three Star Enhanced Elite. Experience received: 30,000 points! '

"…"

Everyone's battle log was flooded with experience points!

"Wow, the experience is so high!"

The two most outgoing girls, Mu Mu and Little Vegetable, immediately jumped up with smiles on their faces.

"Indeed, the experience is quite high!"

Qin Luo Sheng was now Level 59 and was only one step away from Level 60. On the other hand, the archers of the Royal Forest Military were only Level 50 monsters, and they were even elite monsters. They weren't even Bosses. Therefore, his experience had been reduced to the most infuriating state. He was only slightly over 10,000 and was three times worse than the girls!

There was no other way!

Players would gain additional EXP by killing monsters beyond their levels, and the drop rate would also increase accordingly!

On the other hand, it was the same!

When players killed low-level monsters, their experience and drop rate would naturally decrease!

This was normal!

"I don't care about the experience points. I just hope that the rewards will be better!"

For his current level, 10,000 experience points was already considered very high. As expected of a special map, it gave him a lot of experience points. If he were an ordinary Level 50 Three Star Enhanced Elite, he would probably only have around 5,000 experience points and would be cut down by half!

"Crystal coins, crystal coins, or crystal coins?”

After the repeated killings, Qin Sheng, who had been in a state of berserk mode, also came to his senses. The ground was bare except for the colorful crystal coins representing different elements. There was nothing else. Not to mention equipment, there wasn't even a single copper coin!

One or two was still fine, and it could be explained by whether or not they had dropped anything. However, if ten or twenty of them were the same, then there was a problem. This meant that there was no equipment, coins, skill books, blueprints, or anything else here, only crystal coins!

"Your sister is so similar to the Dragon God Hall!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately recalled the familiar side of Qin Luo. "The Dragon God Hall doesn't explode with anything but crystal coins! Only in the end, when the power of the Dragon God summoned the dragon soul of the strong, did it gain the energy or props of the strong. The Elixir Qi of the Water Venomous Snake, the scales of the Flood Dragon, and the blood essence of the True Dragon all came from this!"

"F*ck, isn't this what I want?"

Not only did Qin Luo not get upset about the usual things, he was overjoyed instead.

Money? Equipment? Skill Book? Blueprints? Scrolls…

What's the use of a hammer!

They were just elite monsters. How much benefits did they want from them?

Even if it exploded, at most, it would be Silver or Gold. It was completely trash!

Now that crystal coins were dropped, it was exactly what he wanted.

Coincidentally.

Qin Luo Sheng had been hoarding crystal coins from the very beginning, especially after he met Zhang Daoming and learned of the uses of crystal coins. He had been hoarding them without pause. Including Imperial City, there were a total of ten Hidden Dragon Pavilions. All of them were collecting the three treasures of the boss!

Before.

After obtaining the special return scroll from the Imperial City and the teleportation runes from the Sealed Mountain Fortress, he sold them for crystal coins instead of money!

From this, it could be seen that

Qin Luo viewed crystal coins far more important than money!

"Congratulations on passing the first trial. The second trial will begin in ten minutes. Please make your preparations!"

After Qin Luo cut down the last imperial guard archer, that mysterious voice rang out once more.

"Quickly clean up the battlefield and take a rest. The second stage is coming in ten minutes!"

Having experienced the Dragon God Hall trials before, Qin Luo Sheng knew this trick like the back of his hand. At the very least, he was quite familiar with it. He immediately instructed his eight stupid and adorable female teammates!

The situation was urgent!

There was no time to slowly ROL or anything like that. Qin Sheng directly changed the ROL point mode to self picking mode. In other words, whoever picked up the spoils of war did not need ROL points. They could just take them into their backpack. Simply put, whoever picked them up would get them!

In any case, there were no equipment or items to drop. There were only crystal coins, and it was too much. After all, it was dropped by a hundred monsters, and each of them dropped more than one. If all of them died, it would take at least half an hour. Who could afford to delay?

After some tidying up.

In three minutes or so, the entire battlefield was cleaned up!

Qin Sheng didn't feel tired at all. He just stood there and took a short rest!

Seven minutes later!

Sure enough, that special voice sounded again.

"Second trial: Please eliminate the trial-takers within 20 minutes!"

The moment he finished speaking.

Instantly.

Countless monsters were spawned.

[Elven God Archer (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 52

Health Points: 3,500,000

Mana: 150,000

Physical Attack: 85000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 20000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: [Penetrating Arrow] [Tracking Arrow] [Three-Star Pearl Arrow]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Elves are a race that is naturally close to nature and magical elements. Within the race, they are either great mages who are proficient in elemental power, or divine archers who are proficient in archery.