Chapter 944: Divine Temple'S Abnormal Space, Trial Mission Begins

"I can freeload a hidden mission from you for free. I have to grasp this opportunity!"

Sanguine Primrose was gritting her teeth as she spoke. Qin Sheng didn't know if it was an illusion or not, but he seemed to have heard a hint of sourness.

"As long as you're happy!"

Was this girl still angry that she was the only one charged?

Qin Luo was somewhat speechless.

Still.

That didn’t matter.

Even though it was only right for her to eat his meat tonight, Sanguine Primrose still wanted him to cooperate with her.

In any case, bringing one was bringing, bringing a group was bringing!

For the sake of Su Youran and Qing Zi, they had brought five of their best friends along. It was fine to bring another Bloody Rose for free!

"Alright, it's settled then!"

After confirming the number of people, Qin Sheng immediately crushed the return scroll and said, "Ten minutes to prepare. Gather at the Imperial City Teleportation Portal in ten minutes!"

…

Ten minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng sold the Construction Gang Token that he had dropped to the Blazing Fire Oldsmoke Spear through a friend's inquiry. The president of the Blazing Fire Guild, who was originally ranked ninth among the top ten gangs in China, earned another sum with tears in his eyes!

He transported a large pile of materials back to the Luo God Residence and handed them over to Mengmeng and the Damask King before heading to the assembly point!

"Since everyone is here, let's set off!"

As he looked at the eight chicks standing before him, each one of them was a national beauty, with beautiful orchids and chrysanthemums, each of them proficient in their own fields. As a normal man, Qin Sheng was also filled with emotions. His male ego was greatly satisfied as he resisted the gazes of envy and jealousy that shot over from all around him that he did not conceal in the slightest. With a wave of his hand, he activated the transportation of his unique coordinates and left the Imperial City with the eight beauties in his team!

"This is?"

The white light dispersed and Qin Luo Sheng and his group arrived at their destination. The girls opened their eyes and looked at the dilapidated temple in front of them. They were somewhat surprised!

"Do you still remember the mission we did? The burial ground of the mercenary king!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Qing Si and Mu Mu and asked.

Back then, he had received Yatu's invitation to go on this mission. However, he did not expect that the initiator of this mission, Yatu, would actually be kicked out of the mission ground in the end. He had stayed behind to converse with the mercenary king's soul, obtaining this mission and the mercenary king's gift—the Medal of Honor!

"Of course!"

Qing Si and Mu Mu nodded in agreement.

That mission was still fresh in their minds!

Facing the former companion of the Mercenary King, the legendary existence who had made a name for himself in the continent, how could he easily forget?

"This is the follow-up to that mission!"

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at the broken statue and said, "How many companions did the King of Mercenaries have back then? We have to pass many tests. This is the first one, Goumang, known as the Divine Arrow!"

"So it's Goumang!"

Mu Mu was enlightened. "I say, why does this statue look a little familiar!"

"Are you ready?" Qin Luo said, "If you are, I'll begin!"

"OK!"

The girls nodded to confirm.

"Activate!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately activated Goumang's remnant soul in the Medal of Honor.

In an instant.

A huge suction force came from Qin Sheng and the other eight girls. They were all sucked away by Goumang's statue. Everyone disappeared into the dilapidated temple in the wilderness that had long been severed from worship!

…

In a special space!

Qin Luo Sheng waved his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and landed gracefully on the ground. At the same time, he quickly hugged Su Youran and Qing Si, allowing the two girls to land safely. As for the rest, it was embarrassing. His speed was not fast enough to allow the eight of them to be unharmed in such a short period of time!

"Hmph, he really values women over his friends!"

Mu Mu rubbed her little butt that was hurting from the fall and grimaced. However, after the previous few lessons, she did not dare to show her hot temper and only dared to complain in a low voice!

"This place is a little strange!"

Qin Luo Sheng pretended not to hear anything. He opened his Heavenly Eye and observed his surroundings.

"Inside the statue? A space of its own?"

Qin Sheng had seen Qin Luo being sucked into the statue, but he did not know where this place was.

"There's only one way!"

This place was spacious. Putting aside the height, there were at least fifty meters on both sides. It was enough to accommodate a hundred people advancing at the same time.

"Then let's go!"

The surroundings were sealed, and there was only a single path forward. There was no other choice. Other than advancing forward, what else could he do?

"Ding… Congratulations to challenger for entering the Goumang Temple. The trial will now begin!"

After traveling for dozens of meters, a cold voice suddenly exploded beside their ears. The girls, who were already frightened by the quiet and strange atmosphere, screamed.

"Trial?"

Rubbing his ears that were hurting from the ear-piercing screams, Qin Sheng accurately caught the message transmitted by the sudden voice!

"The trial begins. First stage: Please eliminate the trial-takers within ten minutes!"

Lights flashed.

While Qin Luo and the girls were staring with their mouths agape, a formation of monsters suddenly appeared on the originally empty ground in front of the main hall. All of them were holding longbows and carrying arrows on their backs. Judging from their attire, they seemed to be some sort of special army uniform!

"Ten horizontally, ten vertically, a hundred?"

Qin Luo Sheng swept his gaze over and instantly saw through the entire formation. The 10x10 formation was a full 100 trial monsters!

F*ck!

This was the first stage?

Why did it feel more exaggerated than when he had cleared the Dragon God Temple?

I just hope.

This trial only had a large number of trials. The quality must not be too high!

If it was like the Dragon God Hall, and a f*cking True Dragon or something came to the end of the trial, he would really be disgusted to the point of vomiting!

[Imperial Guard Sharpshooter (Enhanced Three-Star Elite)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 30,000,000

Mana: 50,000

Physical Attack: 80,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 10,000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: [Quake Arrow], [Rapid Arrow], [Rain of Arrows]

Weakness: None

Introduction: Archers of the Royal Forest Military belong to the Royal Forest Archery Battalion. Every single one of them is a god-like archer selected from thousands of people. Each one of them is extremely skilled. After being trained into an army, the formation is assembled. A rain of arrows descended from the sky like a swarm of locusts. It is unknown how many enemy soldiers have nightmares.

"A trial mission?"

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye had seen through the attributes of the archers of the Royal Forest Military. His eyes narrowed slightly. "Looks like this should be the same as the Dragon God Hall's trial back then. It's not clearing dungeons and killing bosses to drop items, but clearing the trial and obtaining the inheritance!"

What else could Goumang's heritage be? It was definitely an archer's heritage!

Except.

He did not know if it was an exclusive skill inheritance, an exclusive equipment inheritance, or—a special job inheritance!