Chapter 940: Divine Elephant, Stainless, Lightning Flash, Sacred Region

“I’m here. Where are you guys?”

After tidying up all the seedlings, Qin Luo crushed the return scroll and quickly found the teleportation location. He quickly found Sanguine Primrose and the rest, "Pull me into the party!"

After successfully forming a party, he clicked on the Instance Dungeon to send people to talk. He chose the Instance Dungeon difficulty and entered!

It was a smooth one!

Before the crowd could react, Qin Sheng had already disappeared from where he was and entered the dungeon. Countless players who had come to their senses were filled with regret. They had missed a chance to get close to their idol!

…

Two and a half hours later!

"Ding! Players from the China warzone, please take note. Players from the China warzone, Weeping Soul, Sanguine Primrose, Blood Rose, Elegant Lotus…… cleared the level 50 dungeon [Cursed Land] and obtained the exclusive reward of the team: + 100 for the four attributes, 3 for the special attribute points, Class Exclusive Equipment * 1, Class Exclusive Skill Book * 1! At the same time, their heroic deeds will be imprinted on the Hero Tablet for all heroes to admire!"

Not bad!

With more attribute rewards, the originally fixed Luck + 2 now had 3 Free Attribute Points, which could be added to any attribute. There was also an additional Skill Book!

Qin Sheng was very satisfied when he added 3 Free Attribute Points to Enlightenment Points and saw the number turn into 126!

Equipment, Epic, was not bad. It could be upgraded and become a legend. Unfortunately, it could not be compared to the Sacred Dragon Divine Armor. It could only be used as a spare tire or sold!

It was the same for the Skill Book. Golden Evolution to Epic, but it was a pity that it was only a normal Berserker skill. Moreover, the effects of the skill were not that strong. It even overlapped with the existing skills and was useless!

"I'll look for you tonight!"

After the dungeon was completed, the girls of Rose Society left one after another. Qin Sheng glanced at Sanguine Rose and left behind a sentence. He did not care that her face had turned ashen as he crushed the return scroll and left!

Initially, the establishment of a gang was followed by special return scrolls and the teleportation runes of the Sealing Ridge Castle…

This girl owed a huge debt!

If not for the fact that he had been too busy recently and that he had been thinking about danger, and that he did not have the strength to protect himself, he would not have dared to be too careless and relaxed. He would have long taken this arrogant woman to bed in a wild and barbaric manner!

Now.

Level 50 Third Stage Professional!

Dazzling Starlight had upgraded [Sky Martial], [Sacred Body], [Divine Flash], and [Spiritual Wisdom], these four super-limited skills, once again!

Even though he had not gone offline to experience it, Qin Sheng still had some guesses. The current him, not only were ordinary firearms unable to do anything to him, even ordinary shells and low-end high-tech weapons could not do anything to him!

Since he was already so strong, what was the point of holding back?

Even though she wasn't unrivaled in the world, she still had to show her fangs. Otherwise, that woman Sanguine Primrose would really think that she couldn't suppress her!

"That's right, it seems like I haven't checked the four super-limited skills!"

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng smacked his own forehead, somewhat speechless.

No wonder.

He kept feeling like he had forgotten something. He could even forget to upgrade his ability. No one else could do that!

Other than the Lords of the Stars, this was the foundation of his life!

He opened the skill column!

[Sky Weapon] 's only skill, Level 3 (Skywolf Force → Hunting Tiger Force → Divine Elephant Force → Upgradeable), can break through the sky with brute force and suppress mountains and rivers. Passive effect, Strength + 200, Attack + 40%, Critical Strike Chance + 20%.

Active Effect—Sirius: After activation, Attack Power increases by 100%, Critical Strike Chance increases by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Hunting Tiger: After activation, imitate the Godly Tiger and let out a Tiger Roar, causing fear to the enemy for 5 seconds and reducing attack power by 30% for 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Divine Elephant: After activating, obtains the power of the Divine Elephant. Strength + X (Strength * Class Advancement number * LV) Point. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

…

[Holy Body] One and only skill, Level 3 (Ice Muscle Body → Jade Bone Body → Stainless Body → Upgradeable), Holy Body, invulnerable to weapons and fire and water. Passive effect, Constitution + 200, Health + 40%, Defense + 20%.

Active Effect—Ice Skin: After activation, the upper limit of Health Points will increase by 100%, the upper limit of Mana Points will increase by 100%, and the user will instantly recover to full state. Defense will increase by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Jade Bone: After activation, Defense + X (Self Defense Class Advancement * LV) Point. At the same time, immunity to poison below the Epic stage lasts for 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Stainless: After activation, Stainless Body, Immunity to all debuffs, immune to any negative skills! Duration: 60 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

…

[God's Movement] 's only skill, Level 3 (Leopard Sudden Speed → Wind Walk Speed → Thunder Flash Speed → Upgradeable), flexibility, formless illusion. Passive effect, Agility + 200, Speed + 40%, Dodge + 20%.

Active Effect—Leopard Rush: After activation, speed increases by 100%, evasion increases by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Wind Walk: After activation, Speed + X (Speed * Class Advancement * LV level) Points. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Thunder Flash: After activation, you can teleport indefinitely within one minute. You can't teleport more than 30 meters each time. You can't teleport for less than 1 second between two teleportations. Cooldown is 5 minutes!

…

[Spiritual Wisdom] 's only skill, LV3 (Super Dimension Wisdom → Divine Domain Wisdom → Holy Domain Wisdom, Upgradeable), God's Wisdom, Transcends All Spirits. Passive effect, Spirit + 200, Magic Attack + 40%, Magic Critical Strike Chance + 20%.

Active Effect—Super Dimension: After activation, magic attack power increases by 100%, magic critical hit rate increases by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—God's Domain: After activation, Magic Attack + X (Magic Attack * Class Advancement number * LV) Point. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Holy Domain: After activation, magic power + 100%, range + 100% (excluding forbidden spells). Duration: 60 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

…

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

The divine elephant of [Sky Martial]!

Divine Body Stainless!

Thunder Flash!

The Sanctuary-realm of Spiritual Wisdom!

The Divine Elephant could increase one’s strength. Strength was attack power, but attack power was not strength!

After activating the Divine Elephant, he would receive an increase in strength. In terms of attack power, it would increase by 1: 1. However, with the increase in strength from the four basic attributes, he could do many things.

This was a breakthrough in physique, especially for Desert Dust, the Fist Emperor. The Divine Elephant was the most compatible skill. When the time came, with the augmentation of power from a single punch, the power of the punch would greatly increase, and the effectiveness of the knockback would also increase accordingly!

Void Imperfection was an invulnerable body. Once activated, it would be immune to any debuff. This was very terrifying!

In the past, Qin Luo's [Courage] was only immune to mental effects, but it was not affected by mental effects. It was bound to be frozen, burned, and bled. That was unavoidable, but Stainless could even avoid these. As long as it had adverse effects on the body, it would be completely immune and not affected by negative skills. It was equivalent to the enhanced version of [Courage]!

There was no need to say much about the Thunder Flash. It was a skill that allowed one to instant-shift indefinitely. It was an extremely powerful skill for escaping and fighting!

The Sanctuary-realm understood everything. There was nothing fancy about it. It showed the most violent side of the magical profession. The power and range of the magic was doubled. It was horrifying!

"It's worth it, this is a huge profit!"

The smile on Qin Sheng's face could not be concealed at all as he watched the four new super limit techniques evolve!

He had never thought about this when he was farming the [Land of Curses] dungeon.

Unexpectedly.

Immortal Starseizer was a great person!

At the final moment, he actually gave such a huge gift!

These four super-limited skills came together with the Lord of the Stars. By relying on the awakening of the Lord of the Stars, the four basic attributes were raised to Maximum Value, and the players' initial limit of 10 points was increased to 20 points. Only then did the four of them appear!

All this time.

Qin Sheng was most concerned about how to raise the level of his super-limited skills.

If he remembered correctly, it was God's power that raised level 1 to level 2!

Today.

Immortal Zhai Xing had activated the galaxy and used the Star Plucking Technique to pluck a star from the boundless galaxy in an attempt to destroy him. Unexpectedly, he had activated the abilities of the Lords of the Stars and connected them with the stars. Not only did he counterattack them, he even used the starlight to illuminate his body and forcefully evolve himself. This allowed the four super limit techniques to evolve together!

Seriously.

The guidance of fate!

————

Author’s Note: Same old rules. Introduction is slightly more, 700 words more is a gift!