Chapter 946: Attack, Desert Dust

One, two, three…

F*ck!

Damn it!

It was understandable that the monsters were growing stronger. However, why were there more monsters as they grew stronger?

20X20?

Not only were there four hundred of them, they were four times more powerful than the first stage. Not to mention, they had even skipped the grade of Black Iron from Elite monsters to Bronze?

Four hundred bronze Bosses?

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

And that was not even the most disgusting thing!

And worse—

Although this Elven Divine Artist had also assembled a battle formation, it was different from the imperial guards' divine archers. These fellows had lived in the natural forest since they were young. Even if they were an army, their attainments were not as high as the human army!

In other words.

A battle formation was just a facade!

This…

They hadn't even charged into the formation yet, but many of these guys had already left the battle formation and started to move around. In other words, they were constantly shifting positions and shooting arrows. It was as if they were hunting in the forest or fighting solo against the enemy!

It did not matter if the Boss wanted to play Qin Sheng this way!

So be it!

Who would be afraid?

But.

If four hundred of them were like that, then what the heck was he doing?

Closely.

This wasn’t a sweep, but a game of hide-and-seek, catching chicks?

Tsk!

"Xiaoxiao, do whatever you want!"

Since he wanted to engage in guerrilla warfare, then he had come. Qin Luo was not afraid at all. It was just that there were too many of them and the time was limited. He simply wanted to throw up!

If it were Qin Sheng alone, it would really be very difficult for him to complete the trial. After all, this place was a little too big. Even if he rode on Bing Bing, his speed was extremely fast, and his defense could basically ignore those Elven God Archers. There was almost no need to waste time in dodging or defending, and he could use every minute and every second on the blade.

Ran.

Furthermore, the time and quantity were too limited!

Fortunately.

There was also a pure magic dragon like Xiaoxiao, who was proficient in seven types of magic!

"Desert Dust, come out!"

At this moment, it wasn't the time to hide. Qin Luo Sheng summoned Desert Dust. Although Desert Dust was a trump card, it wasn't impossible for him to reveal it. Previously, when the Flying Bear Mountain had been surrounded and killed, he had thrown several pieces of equipment onto the Virtual Exchange Platform in order to prevent the Thunderclap Union from taking away the equipment. Because of this, the attributes and abilities of those equipment were completely exposed, including the mask [Ghost Face]!

Others might be able to hide it!

But for someone who knew Qin Luo's true identity in reality, this woman would definitely not be able to hide it!

Qin Luo's family was still under surveillance. Her younger sister Qin Shuang'er, ID Shuang Xuehua, younger brother Qin Luo Zhensha, ID Yan Cheng. She did not even need to say anything before her subordinates would send the information to her.

And Qin Luo had used his identity as Desert Dust to contact Qin Qin'er and Qin Zhen. How could this be hidden from Sanguine Rose's eyes?

So.

This woman definitely knew of Desert Dust's existence and knew that he was Qin Sheng!

With the ability to change his ID, appearance, identity, and so on, the answer was obvious!

If he couldn't hide it, then he wouldn't hide it anymore!

In the future, he would need Desert Dust's useful clone to help him. This was a good opportunity. He could use it openly in the future!

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo was not allowed to reveal his trump card!

Compared to Desert Dust's clone, he needed to control it himself to maximize its value and ability. Ink Ice, this free and intelligent avatar, was the true trump card!

This…

Qin Luo Sheng had already gotten Mo Bing to explore the Level 55 Nightmare Mode dungeon while he was completing the Mercenary King's mission. When the time came, he would be able to share all the information about the Level 55 dungeon with his main body.

At the same time.

He had also completed the system's rules. His main body had omitted the time needed to enter the Nightmare Difficulty first. With the help of Mo Bing, he could directly enter the Abyss Mode and challenge solo clearing to obtain the only dungeon reward!

Perfect!

"This is?"

Looking at the sudden appearance of this ferocious man, the few girls were surprised, except for Sanguine Primrose.

"Indeed!"

Qin Luo Sheng had been secretly observing Sanguine Rose's performance the entire time. When he saw that Qin Luo was neither surprised nor surprised, he was immediately certain of his thoughts.

This woman.

He really knew that Desert Dust was him!

Damn it!

How awesome!

She had him completely under her thumb. She would not let go of any information. If he had not hidden himself well enough, all his secrets would have been dug out by this vixen!

"Fine, you're ruthless!"

Qin Luo Sheng was fuming in his heart, his anger flaring. "Let's wait and see. Now that you have the upper hand, I still need you to help me cover up the trouble outside. I'll tolerate you for now. In the future, when my wings are fully grown, let's see how I'll give you a taste of your own medicine!"

"— Tsk, actually, it won't take that long! It's just revenge, there are many ways. For example, you still owe me more than ten nights, and we've already made an appointment tonight. Based on your current performance, I won't give you more than a billion yuan later, so that you can only play games in the gaming capsule for a day tomorrow when your legs are weak. I'll f*cking follow your surname?"

With Desert Dust's addition, this fierce tiger that came out of its cage had explosive combat power. In particular, Qin Luo Sheng had added a few Speed Boost Skills on him. That was simply the nightmare of the Crispy Elf God Bow. If he chased after them, he would punch them one by one. The explosive effect of the Abyssal Hands was basically impossible to last until the second punch. 99% of them were instakilled!

Seventeen minutes!

There were only three minutes left after the twenty-minute limit. 400 Elven God Archers had fallen under Qin Sheng's team!

"Ding! The second stage of the trial has been completed. There are still 13 minutes until the next stage!"

Oh.

Was three more minutes considered a rest reward?

"Hurry up and clean up the battlefield, then take the time to rest!"

This time, the monsters were not as strong as the previous time. At the same time, the number of monsters was also four times. Everyone, including Qin Sheng, was madly clearing and killing. The intensity of the battle was not great, but there was not the slightest bit of rest in between. The frequency was too high, and it was truly exhausting.

Just like the God Archers of the Royal Forest Military, the God Archers of the Elf Tribe only dropped crystal coins and nothing else.

After turning off the ROLL system, he felt proud of himself. It was quite fast to clean up!

In less than five minutes.

The ground returned to its original state. It was smooth and there was nothing left!

"Weeping Soul, who is he?"

A few beautiful girls who were gathered in a pile and resting on the ground without any care for their image took out delicious food and placed it on the ground that was covered with a blanket. They began to enjoy it.

"My clone!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a big bite of the drumstick and then pointed at the mask on his face. "You should know!"