Chapter 947: Your Tongue Has Been Proven

The girls looked at each other.

Everyone in the world knew about the incident at Furious Bears Ridge.

Among them.

The showy display of equipment on the Virtual Exchange Platform was even more popular.

‘ Of course.’

What was even more interesting was that Qin Sheng had put it up helplessly to avoid the equipment that had been dropped. Its attributes and abilities were simply terrifying beyond compare.

This was also the first time that more than 90% of the players had truly witnessed the power of top-tier equipment, especially those special parts that ordinary people could not come into contact with, such as masks, necklaces, and other high-tier equipment. Just how terrifying were their abilities!

The girls in front of him were S-listers and A-listers. They were not weak, and their equipment was extraordinary. They also had some relationship with Qin Luo Sheng, and the worst of them were fangirls. Naturally, they would pay more attention to them.

How could he not know the ability of the Ghost Face?

"Is he that powerful?" Mu Mu was a little surprised. "Are all clones that powerful?"

In her subconscious, her doppelgangers were just cannon fodder. How could they be like Desert Dust? His performance just now was even more ferocious than Qin Sheng's main body. It was simply a bug!

"I obtained a scroll when I was doing missions previously!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged and explained slightly.

He didn't say it too confidently, but everyone was smart enough to understand.

You don't understand?

Then just imagine it yourself!

"Big Brother Weeping Soul is so powerful!"

The vegetable girl, Nainai, and the cat's eyes sparkled at the same time, their exquisite faces filled with longing and admiration.

"Isn't this too shocking?"

Indigo Collar, who was a little more mature, glanced at his best friend, Su Youran, whose eyes were almost dripping with tears. It was obvious that she had fallen in love with Su Youran, and it was the kind of love that couldn't be pulled back. His mouth twitched.

"Not bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng stuffed the drumstick into his mouth in two or three bites. He shaved off the meat and then spat out a smooth bone that did not even have a strand of meat on it. Such a talent stunned all the girls.

"Good job!"

"Good licking!"

"This tongue!"

"What a powerful tongue technique!"

"???"

Amongst the group of girls, there were a few who seemed to have an unnatural blush on their faces. Their eyes were somewhat watery and also a little evasive. They did not dare to look at anyone. Only God knew what they were thinking.

"Is this really a clone?"

Mu Mu was somewhat unconvinced. It was fine if he had beaten Qin Sheng, but now he could not even compare to one of his clones. This was simply a blow.

It would have been fine if it were other aspects, but when it came to explosive output and the efficiency of killing monsters, who was she afraid of?

Now.

He had met a tough opponent!

Desert Dust!

She could not compare!

That's right.

The enemy did not have any AOE damage and could only attack one monster at a time. However, the efficiency of the attack was much higher than that of her, who could cover a large area and deal the highest damage among the sorcerers!

This was intolerable!

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng had eaten his fill and his hunger level was also full. Taking advantage of the time he still had, he moved his body and leaned against Bing Bing, who was eating heartily. His entire body relaxed and he began to rest after the meal.

"Don't waste your energy!"

Qin Luo's lips twitched speechlessly as he looked at Mu Qin, who was using all sorts of methods to talk to Desert Dust. He said helplessly, "He's a clone. He's controlled by an AI. He'll only listen to my orders. There won't be any response from anyone else.—Just treat him as a robot!"

Mu Mu was stunned!

"…"

Her black hair was still cold as usual, but when she saw her best friend, Mu Mu, whom she had always regarded as her younger sister, being so gloomy, she still went over to comfort her. She didn't say anything and only patted Mu Mu's hand in a unique way.

"You sure hid it well!"

Sanguine Primrose, on the other hand, was different. The coldness of her black hair was the real coldness. Her coldness was just a weapon she had disguised herself as. Perhaps she was also cold, but she was just an ice beauty, not the type that could freeze someone to death.

"Really? Did I hide it from you too?"

When he saw that Sanguine Rose was still going to act wildly and hide the truth that he already knew, Qin Sheng looked at her meaningfully and said something that seemed to be right but wasn't. It was a confusing statement.

"…"

Sanguine Primrose's eyes narrowed. This was a subconscious reaction. If one didn't look closely, they wouldn't be able to see it at all. Furthermore, this woman's thoughts were deep enough and her reaction was fast enough. In less than a second, she had already returned to normal. There wasn't even the slightest change in her expression. Even if it was Qin Sheng, if he hadn't been paying attention from the start, he definitely wouldn't have noticed anything amiss.

"You…"

The few girls were stunned. However, their pure and clear minds and strong mental strength, as well as the extraordinary long-legged Imperial Sister Indigo Collar, noticed something and their expressions changed.

Mu Mu was the same.

However…

She sensed that something was wrong. It was not her ability to observe people's expressions, but her instinct told her that something was wrong!

As for what it was?

That was Qin Sheng's tone!

She had known Qin Luo since she was in the beginner's village. However, she was very clear about Qin Luo's personality. It was only after he had improper thoughts about her Sister Qing Si that there were some changes. Otherwise, based on his personality in the past, one sentence could anger someone to death, and one look could drive someone mad!

And now?

Why did the conversation with Sanguine Primrose sound so… ambiguous?

Yes!

This dog man, he was also the one who had brought Sanguine Primrose into this class change. Not only that, he had even given away the first Rank two reward and honour!

After that, Sanguine Primrose was the one who led the party to the dungeon. Even she, Azuresilk Big Sis, and Yatu Big Bro had to pay a price to join the party!

Now.

Sanguine Primrose was here again!

Once or twice was fine, but perhaps it was a transaction!

But three or four times, it was still the same person!

Coupled with his current tone!

If there's no special reason, I, Miss Mu Mu, will change into a bikini and take a selfie for someone else!

"Jerk!"

Having thought things through, Mu Mu's gaze immediately changed. He looked at Qin Sheng with disdain!

"…"

Qin Luo was speechless and did not dare to explain.

Firstly, his relationship with Sanguine Primrose was indeed abnormal.

Secondly, the other party didn't say anything. It was just a guess. If you were to rush up to explain, wouldn't you be exposing yourself?

So.

It was better to remain silent!

"Ding, the third stage of the trial begins. Please kill all trial-takers within half an hour!"

System, I fucking love you!

The prompt from the system allowed Qin Luo Sheng to escape this strange atmosphere!

"What… what happened?"

Mu Mu was not in the mood to pursue Qin Sheng's matter either. Looking at the surroundings that changed drastically after the system's voice disappeared, she clenched the magic sceptre in her hand nervously and uneasily. "Could it be that we've been transferred to another place?"

——————

Author's Note: [Ghost Face Clone] has been used up. It can create a clone created by you. It has independent information and identity. It can be controlled and commanded! Duration: Infinite (Consumes 500 Mana Points per second and the clone is not allowed to leave 100 kilometers away from the main body). Cooldown: One day!

An explanation: Previously, he had used the Starlight Blessing, so he had summoned Desert Dust from his doppelganger to his physical body. And the time limit was permanent. This point did not change. It was equivalent to, as long as Desert Dust did not die or Qin Luo did not summon himself, he only needed to maintain the skill's consumption (500 mana points per second), and Desert Dust would exist forever!