Chapter 941: Dao Scripture Of The Three Pure Ones, Comprehending The Three Words Technique

"Right. Speaking of Immortal Starseizer, he seems to have left behind a gift!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved his wrist, and three ancient scriptures appeared in his hand.

"Record!"

Just like the Daoist scripture, Qin Luo Sheng recorded this Daoist scripture named after the Three Pure Ones into his mind.

Then…

The scripture appeared in his mind and a mysterious Dao rune formed instantly.

Qin Luo sat down cross-legged and sank into the Dao runes. His 126 points of comprehension began to take effect, helping him comprehend the truths and cultivation methods contained within this obscure Dao scripture.

Ding… congratulations on familiarizing yourself with the Daoist scriptures of the Three Pure Ones. You have gained some insights and have a deeper understanding of the Daoist Canon. The effects of the word fighting and word marching incantations are strengthened. At the same time, the word 'all' incantations are awakened. 'Zhe' incantation, 'Bing' incantation! '

After some time.

Qin Luo Sheng finished reciting the Daoist scripture of the Three Pure Ones and roughly comprehended it once. One technique was clear, all techniques were clear. He then connected it to the Daoist Canon and incorporated it into it while comprehending it at the same time.

period.

There was no special feeling.

Yet.

When his spirit was exhausted and his comprehension had been interrupted, Qin Luo's spirit returned. The system's prompt suddenly sounded in his ears, making him overjoyed.

After comprehending the Daoist Canon, everyone could comprehend their own unique divine arts from it!

Qin Luo Sheng had joined forces with a certain novel he had read in his previous life. With consciousness and guidance, he had comprehended the Nine Secrets!

The Nine Secrets, Armed Forces, and Combatants were advancing!

Each character represented a great divine power!

Unfortunately.

Right now, Qin present had only just comprehended it. The technique was extremely crude and shallow, and couldn't be considered a divine ability at all. It was simply too lacking!

Even so.

Previously, he had used the Sequence Formula and the Battle Formula!

The Speed Increasing Speed of the Character Incantation allowed one to move like the wind. It was almost as fast as lightning, but it could reach the speed of sound. Now that the Speed Incantation was strengthened, perhaps it could reach the speed of lightning!

Qin Luo Sheng's cultivation was too shallow now. His form was similar to Qin Luo's, but his spirit was different. He was like a tiger that had failed to draw a dog, and was temporarily useless!

Now.

By relying on the Dao Scriptures of the Three Pure Ones, he had awakened another three words!

All Character Incantation, if he had guessed correctly, it should be a word technique that increased one's combat power. This was not an increase in all attributes, but combat power. Although the feeling was the same, there was still a slight difference. All attributes increased one's ability, and in addition to increasing one's ability, one's combat power could also increase one's awareness, perception, perception, and mobility. All of these could be improved!

The War Character Incantation was a word technique used for weapons. It could increase the abilities of weapons. When comprehended to the depths, it could even simulate any divine weapon. It was extremely terrifying. For example, it could simulate the Ruyi Jingu Bang, which weighed 13,500 kilograms. It could also change its size at will. Who would be able to withstand this blow from a mortal? Unfortunately, it was unknown how long it would take to reach that level!

The word 'Fighter' and the word 'heal' were similar to the Second-Wood Revival. However, the level of this energy far exceeded the power of life and was even more mysterious. The healing of injuries was also far from what the Second-Wood Revival could compare to. It could even recover an unimaginable power that could even recover its source!

"First, I upgraded four of my super-limited skills. Then, the Three Pure Dao Scriptures helped me to comprehend three words and strengthened the two words I comprehended!"

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely satisfied. "It looks like I'm the champion of the Martial Arts Conference!"

After resting for a while, she calmed herself down.

After 15 minutes, Qin Sheng finally got down to business.

"There's no rush for the dungeon. Let's complete the Mercenary King's mission first!"

Sweeping his gaze over the dungeon, he pondered for a moment before deciding to complete the mission first. "I have a feeling that this mission will bring an even greater surprise!"

He opened the mission panel!

[Mission Title: The Mercenary King's Last Wish

[Mission Introduction] Help the Mercenary King fulfill his dying wish.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Level Up to Level 30 (Completed); Stage Two—Find the Temple (Completed); Stage Three—Comfort Undead (Completed); Stage Four—Respectable Spirit Return

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Respectful return!?

If his guess was correct, it should be to let the Mercenary King's companions rest in peace and return their souls from the tomb of the Mercenary King and the [Medal of Honor] to their temples in the nine main cities!

"Are you there? What are you doing?"

After walking out of the secret room, Qin Luo bade farewell to Mengmeng and Qi Luo. Just as he was about to teleport to the Divine Temple, his communicator rang. It was Su Youran, the great beauty!

"I'm going on a mission. Does Beauty Su have an appointment?"

Qin Luo replied.

"Ask your head!"

Su Youran said coquettishly, "I wonder if you're a man. Do you need a woman to initiate a date?"

Qin Sheng:…

What to do!

If I meet you in the world of fate, especially if your rich sisters know about it, would I still dare to look for you in reality?

He was not looking for a girl, but courting death!!

In the past, I thought that you were from an ordinary family. At most, you were from a small family with a little wealth. You were quite wealthy!

Unexpectedly.

Wow, this is my first time meeting in an auction room. That Epic equipment almost blinded me!

It would have been easier to explain if it had been dropped. It meant that you were strong and lucky. However, you said that you bought everything. What should I do with Versailles' speech and the terrifying wealth behind it?

"I have time, I have time!"

Qin Sheng wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. He did not dare to voice out his true thoughts and only said evasively, "I've really been too busy recently. I really don't have time! As you can see, my f*cking third-promotion mission can't even get up after falling into a pit. I've spent so much effort, my mentality has collapsed and my hair has turned white from worry!"

"After that, I have to fight for the first clear of the dungeon and get the rewards. I have to go through Nightmare Mode first, live-streaming the whole process. Then, I have to go through solo clearing without stopping, team clearing!"

Qin Luo poured out his grievances and wailed incessantly. "I thought I could have a good rest now. After all, I'm the only one who has surpassed 55. There's no need to be too anxious about the Level 55 Instance Dungeon. Others can't snatch it away. Yet, the first World Martial Arts Tournament is here again! Sigh, what a tiring life!"

"Hmph, you have so many excuses, yet you still don't take me seriously!"

Su Youran was not a fool. She immediately sensed Qin Sheng's thoughts. She snorted arrogantly and said unhappily, "You're a straight man!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Are you Level 50 too? Do you want to dungeon? Let's go through Nightmare Mode first. I'll bring you all through Abyss Mode later. This is your first time going through [Land of Curses]. You'll definitely drop something good. At least, you'll have an Epic base, and the Legendary probability isn't bad!"

——————

Author’s Note: Author’s Note: Author’s Note: HIGH (Big Water B again)