Chapter 943: Mission Invitation

"Hello!"

His words were full of righteousness. He made an extremely official greeting, and Qin Sheng pulled all the girls into the team!

"Wait, there are still a few people who are not here yet!"

Not long after, Azuresilk, Mumu and Sanguine Primrose arrived!

Green hair, free!

Because of the black hair, Mu Mu was forced to do it for free!

As for Sanguine Primrose, I'm sorry, but I haven't repaid what you owe me yet. 5000 crystal coins for once, I'm honest!

If it was in the past, Sanguine Primrose wouldn't have been so obedient as to accept her fate. In any case, the contract stipulated that the party rewards for this dungeon had to be given to her designated person.

Since he had gotten the rewards, he did not care about the rest. It was the same even if he went to the Abyss again. It was just that he had more experience and better equipment. Instead of being a spendthrift and getting slaughtered, he might as well organize his own people and have more nightmares to make up for the quality!

Except.

Today was different from the past. The Martial Arts Conference would be held in three days. During this period of time, everyone was desperately leveling up, crazily spending money to buy equipment and skill books in order to increase their strength and increase their ranking. They even wanted to fight for the championship!

Sanguine Primrose's equipment and skills weren't too bad, and her level was the best way to increase her own strength!

So.

She's here!

With five thousand crystal coins, he knew that he was being cheated, but he still paid the money and begged the big boss to bring him to the dungeon!

"Thank you, Boss!"

Upon receiving Sanguine Primrose's remuneration, Qin Luo Sheng smiled and gave her a look. She understood the meaning behind his gaze and her face flushed red!

After hiding for so long, she knew that she could not hide anymore!

Building a gang order and custom returning scroll from the Imperial City, and adding a teleportation rune from the Ridge Castle. She had quite a bit of debt to pay. Tens of nights, tsk tsk, how long would it take?

"Let's go!"

Sanguine Primrose knew what Qin Luo was thinking. It was just that he had already seen through it!

After holding it in for so long, she had to eat meat tonight!

This time.

He could not care less about that woman, Du Mingfang. Last time, it was precisely because she was kneeling down and complaining, and was prepared to give herself to him, that Qin Sheng was moved, and was filled with grief and anger, causing him to lose all interest. That was how Du Qiangwei managed to escape this calamity!

But today.

MLGBD, even if the emperor is here, I will f*cking fuck you!

…

A group of ten people, one man and nine women!

Even though the Yin was at its peak and the Yang was at its weakest, Qin Luo's masculine vigor and vigorous male blood indicated that this was just a small scene and that he could completely suppress it. Even if he were to fight a group of females by himself, he would have no fear!

He had not started the live broadcast, and it was his own people at the scene. Qin Sheng was also not as restrained as he was during the live broadcast. He had concealed his strength and was slightly more relaxed. His efficiency was very fast!

Three hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng easily killed the Soul Chasing and Fire Crows guarding the last floor of Zhai Xing Lou. Since his equipment was useless, there was no Roll. He took the dividends from Roll to Equipment Skill Book and entered the top floor of Zhai Xing Lou!

"Sigh!"

Qin Sheng's heart was filled with complex emotions as he looked at Immortal Starseizer, who had already lost all of his spiritual energy, and listened to the lines that had been arranged by the system.

A battle ensued.

The clone of Immortal Starseizer, which had long ago been seen through by Qin Luo, was easily captured!

Another explosion!

The most dazzling among them was the legendary Summoner Scepter and the Creation Clan Order!

Without a doubt, the Summoner scepter belonged to the only Summoner in the team, Beauty Su Youran!

As for the establishment of a gang…

Everyone gave up ROL and sensibly gave up Qin Sheng!

Qin Luo Sheng was not pretentious and accepted it directly!

They did not even give him a bonus!

They were all smart people and understood everything. They were not unhappy at all!

"I'm going on a mission."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Sanguine Primrose in surprise. She did not leave immediately. He turned to look at the girls, especially Su Youran and Qing Si. "What are your plans?"

"What mission? Can we participate?"

The slightly hyperbolic Little Chili immediately jumped up and cried, "Big Brother Weeping Soul, can you bring me to broaden my horizons? I know how to sob!"

Qin Sheng:…

Damn it!

I punch a crying monster!

"Do you guys want to go?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not hide his thoughts at all. He asked Su Youran and Qing Si directly. If they did not agree, he would have a lesbian and Gu De kowtow!

As for offending others?

Would a straight man care about this?

Other than the people I care about, everything else, hmm, is related to me. Do I need to care about your thoughts?

So be it!

If he couldn't even play a game freely, how could he play a hammer?

Besides.

He was the great Devil of Weeping Soul, why would he need high EQ?

Unconvinced?

Just crush them!

"Will it delay you?"

Su Youran didn't agree immediately but asked.

As for the azure hair…

She did not say anything, but the look in her eyes said everything!

If it would delay him, she would not go!

"It can't be delayed!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled, his heart feeling a little warm. His judgment was indeed right. Whether it was Su Youran, who had almost succeeded in cultivating with him, or his first love's black hair, they were all very kind-hearted. At the very least, they would consider him and worry for him. He would not miss such a woman even if she did not have such outstanding looks and family background!

"It's not a big deal. I can easily handle it!"

Qin Qin Sheng said, "It's just that it's a little mysterious and the place is very complicated. It might take a little too much time. We need to go to nine places!"

"If it's your problem, then it's ours!"

Su Youran said, "It's just a running map. It doesn't matter. We often run around during missions. It's quite normal for us to be exhausted!"

"Aiyo, you haven't even married him yet and you're already so biased!"

Indigo Collar's tone turned sarcastic as he cursed his best friend!

"What are you talking about?"

Su Youran's face instantly turned red. She pounced over angrily and roared, "Watch me tear your mouth apart!"

“Are you going?”

The scene was supposed to be beautiful, but it was a pity that this was the gaming world and they were wearing equipment. It was rather difficult for Qin Sheng to show off his fair skin. He did not dare to take another look and instead asked Sanguine Primrose, "If you go, you can form a team of ten!"

"Yes, why not?"

Initially, he had thought that Sanguine Primrose would reject him. After all, the Primrose Militia had only been established for a short period of time, and there were many things that had happened. This was especially so as more clubs were established. The impact that they had received was simply too great, and the Primrose Militia, the second association that was close to the East Imperial Pavilion, had received many challenges.

To the end.

The foundation of the Rose Association was too weak. It was completely incomparable to the deeply rooted East Imperial Pavilion, especially the Residence of the Sky Tyrant Guild which was on par with the East Imperial Pavilion. It was only ranked third and was under the faction formed by the pure chicks of the Rose Association. With the Martial Thearch's temper, how could he tolerate this?

If it wasn’t for the fact that they couldn’t initiate an alliance battle right now, as well as the fact that they had to expand their forces as soon as possible and not allow the sandpiper and clam to fight each other, causing the fisherman to benefit, the Sky Tyrant Guild would have already gone against them!