Chapter 953: The Second Temple, Fire God Temple Trial (2)

"Cough, cough. Brother Weeping Soul, our team is missing one person. Why don't we let Brother Yatu make up the numbers?"

At the same time.

Mu Mu, this lass, was also privately chatting with Qin Sheng.

Judging from the way the girl's eyes were flickering and didn't dare to look straight at him, she must have been showing off to Yatu and leaked the news. As a result, she was "sent" to investigate the truth and see if she could join the team and make up the numbers to gain benefits!

‘ Of course.’

There must be a price!

Regardless of whether Mu Mu had acted on her own accord or if it was really Yatu's idea.

Once Yatu joined, with his character and way of handling things, he would definitely pay a considerable price to "buy" the qualification to be a mixed team!

"You should know what rewards you will receive after joining my team!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored Mu Mu for the time being and replied to Sanguine Primrose, "This is not part of the contract we signed. I have no obligation to help you nurture a trusted expert!"

Money?

Qin Luo was not lacking!

Perhaps Yatu didn't give him money, but something else did!

Except.

Compared to the rewards he received from the transaction with Sanguine Primrose, it was still a bit lacking!

This was not a matter of whether it was worth it or not, but a matter of preference!

Qin Luo was a man and Sanguine Primrose was a woman!

Who asked Qin Luo to be such a hot-blooded man who had just tasted the forbidden fruit and had a taste of it? And Sanguine Primrose was living under the same roof as him!

There was simply no need to choose!

"Price!"

Sanguine Primrose did not find any excuses, she only replied with two words.

"Great!"

Qin Luo Sheng was fond of Sanguine Primrose's personality. When it came to her mother's feelings, the adult world only had benefits and not her parents. Why would she spoil her for no reason?

"One level plus one night. If you want the legacy, the hidden occupation would be expensive. You have to add five nights!" Qin Sheng smiled lewdly. "You should know what I mean!"

"Bastard!"

Sanguine Primrose gnashed her teeth in anger. Even though she had already mentally prepared herself, it was still hard for her to accept that Qin Sheng had spoken without the slightest bit of hesitation and trampled on her dignity!

These words completely treated her as that kind of woman, a woman who traded her body for benefits. How could she, who was born noble and was regarded as a goddess by countless men, accept this?

"Alright!" Sanguine Primrose thought for a few seconds before replying: "I agree!"

So be it!

In any case, the more the debt, the less the burden!

She already owed him so much, and her body had already been tainted by this detestable man. She was already dirty, so what was the point of caring so much?!

"Don't be so resentful!"

Qin Luo said, "You got a great deal out of this! When you accompanied me previously, the representative I paid was a government order. It's equivalent to tens of millions of dollars a night. Who would have such a price? If I f*cking take it out to look for girls, perhaps my temperament might not be as good as yours, but if my looks and figure are similar, it shouldn't be a problem to find a hundred, right?"

"Besides, the price I'm offering now isn't low either! There are still eight temples left, which is equivalent to Level + 8. If you obtain the legacy, it will be Level + 9. Also, there's the pre-testing stage before the trial. There's a lot of EXP, as well as the special reward after completing it. Although the scroll given is random, it's at least at the Epic stage. It's very effective. You're taking advantage of it!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

"Besides, there's still you!" Qin Luo continued, "We are in a partnership to begin with. Everything is clear, and you have to pay the price if you want it. I'll let you occupy a slot for free and bring you along for free. There's even a possibility that you'll receive the inheritance of Water Spirit and obtain a hidden class. What are you still unhappy about?"

Sanguine Primrose: [ﾟД ﾟ]

[Upgrade Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Epic

Effect: Upgrade

Introduction: A scroll that possesses mystical powers. It can increase the grade of normal skills such as non-special skills, exclusive skills, special skills, and so on!

Oh!

Not bad!

Unfortunately.

This grade was slightly inferior.

Epic-ranked with a de

Use?

If it wasn't so big now, that would be more like it. At least, the Spellblade's ability could be upgraded slightly!

Now.

There were only four people who could meet the requirements. This was only possible after the starlight miracle had raised their grade to legendary!

Conceal (Massive Skill), Brutal Strike (Epic), Extreme Speed Thrust (Epic), Shadow Escape (Originally an exclusive skill of the Shadow Warrior, but after the Shadow Warrior was eliminated by the Dragon Abyss Curse, it was not considered an exclusive skill of the Hidden Job)!

“Upgrade, Shadow Escape!”

There was no need to choose at all!

Besides Shadow Escape, who else was qualified?

Concealment was a skill learned by sneaking into the village at the foot of the Snake God Mountain for the sake of the real battlefield of the Abyss Mode, igniting flammable objects and burning the snake village. Its existence was extremely low and its effect on Qin Sheng was limited. It was eliminated immediately!

As for the two Epic skills—Savage Maul and Extreme Speed Thrust!

qualified.

Unfortunately.

Shadow Escape had two effects. It could teleport and avoid shadows. There was no comparison!

"Upgrade successful!"

[Shadow Escape] 's effect cost 1000 mana to transform into a shadow and teleport at will within a 20-meter radius! Cooldown time: 1 minute! Effect: 5000 mana. Within a 10-meter radius, you can escape into the shadow of the enemy, immune to all physical and magical damage. Lasts up to 10 seconds. Cooldown time: 5 minutes!

Comfortable!

From teleporting five meters to teleport twenty meters, the cooldown decreased from three minutes to one minute!

From 3 meters to 5 meters, the cooldown decreased from 5 seconds to 10 seconds!

Comprehensive strengthening!

"This scroll is worth it!"

Providing a stage in exchange for Indigo Collar's gratitude was a good deal!

He then glanced at the system reward scroll!

It was a one-time skill scroll. The Earth Elemental Gravity Technique was not bad. However, Qin Luo had a Spellblade. Amongst them, another skill was the Extreme Gravity Technique. It was even more powerful.

So.

It was useless!

He threw it into his backpack and ate it!

After the matter was settled, he would either keep the spoils of war with him or throw them into Hidden Dragon Pavilion together and let the operations team use them to create trouble in exchange for benefits!

"Join the team!"

Not long after, a tall and voluptuous lady wearing the Rose Flower emblem of the Primrose Militia arrived. It was none other than the confidant that Sanguine Primrose had called over. Qin Luo Sheng was also more familiar with this type of person. She had a gentle personality, and her temperament and actions were all that of a virtuous wife and mother - a Guardian!

"Hmph!"

When Mu Mu saw Qin Sheng handing over the last seat to Sanguine Primrose, he let out an unhappy snort and cursed, "Vixen!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Let's begin!"

Ignoring Mu Mu, who seemed to be jealous of Qin Luo, who had borrowed the special mission and the soul connection within the Medal of Honor to cast a group teleportation technique, Qin Luo sent a group of ten people to the next temple!

Fire God Temple!

——————

P.S.