Chapter 955: Trial Passed, Mu Mu'S Class Advancement: Flame Envoy

"Self-preservation comes first!"

Different military formations naturally displayed different combat methods.

There was only half an hour's time limit. Qin Sheng naturally didn't dare to waste it. He brought Little Tiny and Desert Dust to charge!

This time.

It could not be done as it pleased. As there were too many monsters, Qin Sheng had also used a number of skills with a wide area of effect. However, it was still somewhat restrained. There was no movement forbidden spell, or the kind of ultimate skill that had a cooldown period of one day!

These minions were not worthy!

Besides.

It wasn't like he was fighting alone. Little Tiny and Sanguine Primrose could be considered the nemesis of these fire type monsters. With their help and Desert Dust's unstoppable charge, there was nothing to worry about!

Twenty-one minutes!

They only used about two-thirds of the time limit. Four hundred monsters, not a single one fell, all of them killed!

"The designated ten minutes of rest, plus the nine minutes saved, has about twenty minutes of rest time!"

Looking at Qin Luo, who was panting heavily and his stamina had been greatly depleted, Qin Sheng said, "Slowly clean up the battlefield, then rest yourself and wait for the final trial!"

"Tell me, do you think this trial is like the one with the fire?"

Mu Mu leaned over excitedly and asked Qin Luo, "If that's true, what kind of trial would it be? Would I be able to do it? Would I fail…"

Qin Luo's head swelled instantly!

Girl.

You're very noisy!

I don't even know if bringing you here was right or wrong!

But.

Other than Little Chili, Mumu, the only other fire-type magic caster she knew was the Blood Rose!

Yet.

If it was a blood-soaked rose, it was even worse than Mu Mu!

At least.

Although Mu Mu was a little talkative and arrogant, and her personality was not very likable, she was still a little LOLI with a child-like face. With his taste, just because he did not like her did not mean that he did not crave for her body. It was not too much to take a look, right?

On the contrary.

The blood-soaked rose was not inferior to Indigo Collar's royal sister. Her figure was explosive and comparable to elegant plain lotus. Unfortunately, this woman was extremely ambitious. Furthermore, she had been pampered since she was young and had a family background that brought her three views. It made Qin Sheng unable to understand her. He felt disgusted and even disgusted!

Qin Sheng did not like either of the two women!

However…

Mu Mu was more suitable for picking a general among the short.

Besides.

For the sake of Buddha!

After all, she was Qing Si's best friend. He had to give her some face!

Also…

Qin Luo had no other choice.

If he could do it alone, it would not matter.

Unfortunately, this trial by fire was a huge scam. There was simply too much to do, and it wasn't just a matter of raw strength. It was to search for the legacy!

It was just like Goumang's trial!

You let him be a Berserker and a Spellblade and Fist Emperor. You don't even know how to use a bow. How can you pierce through a hundred steps and shoot a halberd from the gate?

It was too difficult!

Indeed.

This could give him huge rewards, directly raise his level, and even give him missions for hidden jobs. It was truly terrifying!

Once it was distributed and operated well, the benefits it brought were indescribable!

Except.

Time was too tight!

Three days later was the first World Martial Arts Conference!

There was simply no time to work properly!

Instead of making a hasty transaction and obtaining an exchange condition that he did not really want, or obtaining a small benefit.

He might as well make the best use of his time and try to clear all nine temples within three days to complete the mission of the Mercenary King and obtain unexpected rewards so that he could improve his strength before the Martial Arts Conference began!

Besides.

Don't look down on the girls in the team. All of them were fair, rich, and beautiful. None of them were bad!

He would not see her.

Did Indigo Collar just give him a scroll as payment?

It greatly increased the ability of Shadow Escape!

It was a mutually beneficial transaction!

To the end.

Qin Luo Sheng still had to rely on their abilities to pass through trial after trial and finally complete the mission!

As for whether he would suffer a loss or not!

It didn't matter anymore.

So what if he suffered a loss?

Being able to save so much time and get help from thugs for free was already not bad. There was no need to be too calculative!

"The trial begins!"

After resting, the trial began once again.

Just as he had expected!

Killing monsters was a test of strength!

Now, the regular trials were testing one's ability!

It was a test to see if one was qualified to inherit the hidden occupation!

Goumang's test was arrows!

Fire God Yan's test was fire!

Compared to physical bows and arrows, it was a test of accuracy and concentration. Mages naturally tested whether the spiritual energy in the surroundings could be gathered, how fast it could be gathered, how deep and active it could be communicated with the fire element, and how fast it could be chanted. After all, Mages needed to chant and arrange the elements in order to create different spells…

As the only fire mage in the team!

Mu Mu accepted the trial without hesitation!

Although this girl seemed unreliable, what surprised Qin Sheng was that her strength and potential were truly formidable!

His talent in the Trial had reached [Fire Element Affinity], and his Spirit Body could not help but show up. He even gave Mu Mu a huge benefit during the last period of time.

"Ding… Congratulations on passing Fire Yan's trial. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, Random Equipment * 1!"

Comfortable!

Following the system prompt, Qin Sheng's body flashed with another golden light!

He simply killed a few hundred minions and watched a show for Mu Mu to perform!

He directly obtained a level!

Was there a faster way to level up?

"I have a hidden job too!"

Rising from the flames, Mu Mu looked like a phoenix rising from the ashes. She was wearing a fiery red magic robe and holding a scepter. She looked extremely holy. Unfortunately, she destroyed the mood instantly.

Flame Envoy?

This!

The name was a little lousy!

Just like Indigo Collar's hidden class!

Elven archers!

Nothing special!

Maybe.

This was only the initial stage of the hidden occupation, which was also the lowest level of the hidden occupation. Not to mention Qin Luo Sheng's special hidden occupation, the Fist Emperor and the Blood Demon, the Emperor had specially given him the dual cultivation of the martial arts. The Spellblade with great potential was far inferior even to the Shadow Warrior that had already disappeared!

‘ Of course.’

That didn’t mean it was all there was to it.

If one were to say that he had once commanded the wind and clouds, that his name had shaken the continent, that he had caused the other races to tremble in fear upon hearing his name, and that he had been hailed by many mercenaries as a companion of the King of Mercenaries, then Qin Luo Sheng would not believe it even if he were beaten to death!

They all had temples, experts who were consecrated. How could they be so weak?

After all.

This hidden occupation was too unreal and too cheap. It was only in its initial form. It was normal!

This was the beginning, but it did not mean that their entire lives would be the beginning!

Indigo Collar's powerful insight and Mumu's S talent [Fire Element Affinity] meant that they were destined to be extraordinary. It was impossible for them to remain stagnant. Sooner or later, there would be a breakthrough that would allow their weak Hidden Class to gradually evolve!

——————

Author’s Note: Nine Great Divine Shrines, there are indeed quite a lot of them. In order to prevent XDM from saying all kinds of things about me, I have to write a few dozen chapters and a hundred chapters. I’ll ask for your opinion now. Tomorrow at this time, I’ll look at the channel to leave a message or comment. I’ll either write it in detail (try to condense it as much as possible, I won’t really write a few dozen chapters) or I’ll write it down in one stroke (only displaying a little bit of the plot will do, there’s no need to go into detail)!