Chapter 952: The Second Temple, Fire God Temple Trial (1)

"That's it—Level 60?"

Qin Luo Sheng could hardly believe his eyes!

Ever since he reached Level 59, he had been feeling despair about the terrifying EXP!

Initially, the experience points would increase by a large amount if he increased it by nine to ten!

Level 50 required 30,000,000 EXP to level up. For example, from Level 50 to Level 51, 130,000,000 EXP was needed. From Level 51 to Level 52, 160,000,000 EXP was needed!

But.

Level 59 to 60!

He needed 500 million!

I'm awesome!

I nearly vomited!

Before.

After clearing the [Land of Curses] dungeon and killing so many monsters and Bosses, his EXP bar was filled up, from 58 to 59!

Initially, Qin Luo had thought that it would take at least a week for him to reach level 60. In fact, it might even be delayed by the martial arts conference, and he might not even be able to ascend for half a month!

Unexpectedly.

What the heck, he actually settled it today. It was really a dream!

"Just Goumang alone can bring about such a generous reward. Not only did Indigo Collar obtain the inheritance of his Sharpshoot, he also obtained a hidden occupation and leveled up two levels. His other teammates also leveled up one level. Then, the nine teammates of the Mercenary King represent the Nine Great Heritage. Doesn't that mean that they can level up nine levels at least?"

At this thought.

Qin Luo's heart began to burn!

What the heck!

Winning nine levels in a row was still the lowest standard!

If he obtained an inheritance, he would have to add another level, which would be ten levels in a row!

Straight to level 69?

F*ck!

Who could withstand this!

"This… this is too unbelievable!"

Qin Luo Sheng knew that the other chicks were no fools. How could they not understand this simple logic?

Little Vegetable Girl and the other girls were especially envious of Indigo Collar, who was bathed in the green light and had changed his job to a hidden job, Elven Archer!

"Continue, continue!"

Mu Mu immediately pounced on food like a hungry tiger. He pulled Qin Sheng's arm over and said with teary eyes, "I want to hide my vocation too. I want to go through the test too. I want to level up twice in a row!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Thank you!"

At this moment, Indigo Collar had received the inheritance and his abilities had improved tremendously. He walked over with small steps and looked at Qin Sheng with a sincere expression. "I've taken advantage of you this time. This hidden occupation and the level reward are too precious! This is a thank you gift. Although it's insignificant, it represents my sincerity. Please do not reject it!"

Listen! Listen!

Wasn't that comforting?

Indeed.

A person with quality would make one feel comfortable!

Although Qin Luo did not care about this, it could not be denied that those who had received benefits were completely different from those who spoke kindly and remained silent, or even spoke maliciously.

"No need!"

If someone respects me, I will return them tenfold.

From the beginning to the end, Qin Luo Sheng had always had this sort of personality, or perhaps it could be said that he was a person who dealt with the world!

"This is what you deserve. I'm only giving you a chance. If you don't have the strength and can't grasp it, it will be a waste!"

Initially, Indigo Collar had contributed the most to passing the trial. After all, she was the only archer in the team who could complete the series of operations. Especially in the final version of Goumang, she was the only one who could do it.

"Take it. This thing isn't of much use to me!"

Still.

Indigo Collar was still very sensible.

Indeed.

Just as Qin Luo had said, the success of this test was earned through her own strength.

But.

If not for the platform provided by Qin Sheng (Mission), even if she had the ability, she would not even have a place to display it. She would not even have the chance to obtain the hidden vocation inheritance. What use would that be?

This mission was unique, but Indigo Collar was not!

In the world of fate, there were many archers who were stronger than her, but there should be quite a few!

They had only met by chance and had only met once. They had only gotten to know each other because of their best friend, Su Youran. To put it nicely, they could be considered friends, but to put it bluntly, they were just strangers!

After taking such a huge advantage of her, if she did not know her limits, did not know when to advance or retreat, and did not express herself at all, it would not only be a contradiction to the education and morals she had received since she was young, it would also be detrimental to her future path!

What a joke.

How dare a thick leg like Weeping Soul hate him?

If he didn't take this opportunity to suck up to her and hitch a ride, it would be like thunder striking the heavens!

If her family found out about her actions, they would offend Weeping Soul Beast because of a small profit. Even if they did not break her legs, they would chase her out of the family as soon as possible. Or, they would quickly marry her off and squeeze the family dry!

"Then…" Seeing that Indigo Collar was so determined, Qin Luo could not refuse anymore. He could only take the scroll from her hands and say, "Alright! I shall not refuse!"

His vision changed.

As Goumang's truesoul dissipated, the alternate dimension no longer existed after the heritage was given.

Qin Luo and the others were transported back to the Divine Temple!

"Let's go!"

Qin Sheng took another deep look at the broken statue of Goumang, which no longer had any spirit left in it. He reached out and took out some food from his backpack and placed it on the altar as a tribute!

…

After resting for ten minutes!

Under Mu Mu's anxious urging, Qin Sheng's lips twitched under the eager gazes of the other girls as he began the next stage of the trial!

Fire God Temple!

They worshiped Fire Yan, who was known as Fire God!

Fire bren.

He was also a member of the mercenary team of the King of Mercenaries. He was a fire mage among the elemental sorcerers of the five elements. He remembered the introduction he had read before:

Born in the Vermillion Bird City, the Holy City of the south of the continent of Destiny, due to its nature as a hidden vein, it was misjudged as not suitable for cultivation. As a result, it was abandoned by its family and thus developed a solitary and cold personality.

During the sixteen years of his youth, he was ridiculed and shamed by his family. After the coronation ceremony, he was exiled by the Huo Family and left Vermillion Bird City to roam the world. Later on, he encountered a strange person and accepted him as a disciple. He helped him open his meridians and cultivate the Fire Spirit Body, greatly increasing his strength.

Later on, during his travels, he met the King of Mercenaries by chance and was convinced by his charisma. Because the King of Mercenaries was plotted against by the experts of the orc kingdom, he was enraged and took revenge. He set his camp 800 miles long and burned down the Orc kingdom’s Billan Mountain Range, 100,000 Orc troops, and millions of Orc civilians died in his hands. His name shook the continent, and hence, he was known as the ‘Fire God’.

It was really too shocking!

He single-handedly massacred 100,000 Orc troops and millions of Orc civilians!

Other things aside.

Just this achievement alone was worthy of the name of the Fire God. It made the fire sorcerers the most violent and had the most wide range of killing.

"There's still one more person. Should I call another person?"

Sanguine Rose sent a private message to Qin Sheng.

Originally, she didn't care much about this mission, and it didn't matter if there was one less team of ten. But now, the reward after clearing a temple made her extremely jealous, so she set her sights on this last empty spot.