Chapter 951: Clear, Reward, Level 60

"Next round, shoot the halberd at the Yuan Gate!"

After a while.

A new obstacle had arrived!

This time.

He had actually recovered to the dead target, which was also the immovable target!

Shooting Halberd from the Yuan Gate!

This was a story!

Regarding the Three Kingdoms period, the story of Lu Bu!

What the system gave was not a halberd, but a ring!

"Wait, this isn't a dead target. The ring is moving!"

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly felt a cool breeze on his face and was instantly frightened!

There was wind blowing around them?

He quickly looked over!

Indeed.

The ring that was wrapped by a rope was like a ring. As the wind blew, it swayed gently. Although the wind was not strong, it was enough to make the ring move. In this way, it would be extremely difficult for the arrow to shoot through the small ring!

The worst thing was!

This distance.

Thirty meters!

Rank three Archers, the furthest distance was only thirty meters!

The extreme distance passed through the tiny circular opening.

This was simply too difficult!

"It's alright, don't feel pressured!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Indigo Collar who was breathing deeply and couldn't help but step forward to comfort him.

This was his mission. Perhaps Indigo Collar was under pressure and was afraid of implicating him!

"I understand!"

Indigo Collar nodded and focused his attention.

Fortunately.

The System might be a little dumb, but it had a bottom line. There was no time limit. Perhaps it knew the difficulty of this round, so it gave the trial-taker sufficient time to prepare!

This breath!

Indigo Collar panted for five minutes!

Then.

Her expression was extremely focused as the skills on her body flickered non-stop. She nocked an arrow on her bow and her expression changed completely at this moment. Her pair of intelligent eyes that were originally black and white had turned yellow. There were circles of patterns on them, making her look like an eagle!

Swish…

A beam of light flashed past, and even Qin Sheng did not notice it. The arrow that was originally placed on the longbow disappeared with a whoosh. When everyone finally reacted, they shifted their gaze to the swinging ring 30 meters away, only to be stunned to see that it was still the same, as if nothing had happened!

Only one thing.

On the thick trunk of the towering tree behind the ring, there was an arrow that penetrated three parts of the tree. Furthermore, at this moment, the tail feathers were still trembling. It could be seen how powerful it was!

"Ding… congratulations on clearing!"

The system's cold voice sounded, and the third scream rang out. The feline girls, Nainai, and Vegetable Girl, who had long turned into fangirls, all turned into crazy girls. They surrounded Indigo Collar, who had been pushed out of his special state, and jumped around him like children!

"Amazing!"

Qin Luo Sheng also exhaled heavily.

At this moment.

He finally believed her.

In China, there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons.

Even a "plain-looking" girl was actually so capable!

As for those famous big shots, even if they had low-quality goods that were hyped up, the eyes of the masses were still sharp. You could hide it from one or two, but how could you completely hide it from them?

As the saying goes, one's reputation is not undeserved. Most of them have real abilities, especially the East Imperial and Martial Emperors who had dominated China for so long. They were talented and powerful. They also had the support of the powerful forces behind them. Equipment, skill books, props, scrolls… They had everything they wanted!

Exactly how strong was such an expert?

Qin Luo had no confidence at all!

Even though he was very confident in himself, a proud soldier was bound to lose, so how could he dare say that he would win without a battle?

In the end.

His rise was only due to the talent of the Lord of the Stars!

But what about the others?

Who could be sure that the others did not have any SSS talent!

Once all talents were equal!

So.

What they were facing was their own strength, as well as their background!

This.

Qin Luo Sheng was at an absolute disadvantage!

This was because his foundation was his own. He was too weak to compete with those corporations that easily had tens of billions of yuan in assets!

"Well, it's right to live in peace and consider danger, but there's no need to belittle yourself and be so pessimistic!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and threw all distracting thoughts out of his mind. "If you don't even believe in yourself, how can you win? So what if you're East Imperial, so what if you're a Martial Emperor? If you dare to stand on the same stage as me, I'll definitely kill you!"

…

"Congratulations on passing my trial!"

Shooting the halberd at the Yuan Gate was the final test!

After clearing the level.

Suddenly.

The virtual forest area completely disappeared, returning to the special alternate dimension!

At the same time.

A heroic voice was heard.

"You are…" Qin Sheng looked at the shadow that had suddenly appeared and felt that it was somewhat familiar. He narrowed his eyes and thought for a moment before he knew who it was. He asked, "Goumang?"

"That's right, it's me!"

Goumang acknowledged before casting his gaze down. He first looked at Indigo Collar who had passed his trial, then shifted his gaze to Qin Sheng. To be precise, he looked at Qin Sheng's chest, where the medal of honor was!

"The commander's medal!"

The Medal of Honor was a gift from the Mercenary King. Originally, he only had the right to use it and not the right to do so. Only after completing the mission given by the Mercenary King would it become his!

However…

Man proposes, God disposes!

This was because Qin Sheng had completed a special mission after that, especially after killing the Lich. He had obtained great honor and thus was rewarded.

This should have allowed the empire to reward him with a Medal of Honor, but because of this, the rewards had been changed. The Medal of Honor originally given by the Mercenary King had now become his, and the effects had been enhanced!

"How nostalgic!"

Goumang's expression was one of reminiscence. From the looks of it, he must have recalled the days when they had adventured together!

"You're not bad!"

Goumang looked at Qin Sheng and said lightly.

Then…

He turned to Indigo Collar and said, "You're not bad either!"

“Since you have already passed my trial and obtained my approval, then I can go without any worries. I will pass on my inheritance to you. I hope that you will work hard for my human race to stand at the peak of all races! Little girl, accept my inheritance!”

Goumang said his final words indifferently. No, it should be said that he was earnestly entrusting them to Qin Sheng and the others. Then, his body slowly released a green light that spread to all of them!

Ding… congratulations on passing Goumang's trial. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, Special Scroll * 1! '

F*ck!

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked on the spot!

He looked to the side. Apart from him, the other eight girls were also surrounded by golden light. This meant that they had leveled up, especially Indigo Collar, who had obtained Goumang Inheritance. Two golden lights had risen. He had leveled up twice?!!