Chapter 950: Archer'S Trial, Indigo Collar'S Stage

"Ding… Congratulations on clearing this stage. Now, proceed to the next stage!"

Don't you have ten minutes to rest?

As soon as the Epic BOSS fell to the ground, Qin Sheng, who had received the EXP, was about to take a break. However, the system notification suddenly sounded, not ten minutes after he had expected!

"What is this?"

Suddenly, the forest in front of Qin Sheng and the others began to shake violently. The towering trees disappeared and turned into a clearing. Rows of targets and scarecrows rose from the ground!

"F*ck, the system really knows how to play!"

Just as Qin Luo and the others were puzzled, the sound of the trial rang out once more.

So.

The system wanted to test his archery skills!

"There's nothing wrong with the test of Goumang!"

When they thought of all the monsters they had encountered since entering this place, it wasn't just Qin Sheng. The girls weren't too surprised either.

"I'll leave this to you!"

The only archer in the team was the long-legged royal sister—Indigo Collar!

"Then I shall embarrass myself!"

Indigo Collar had no choice but to walk out with his bow and stand in front of the trial grounds.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin with a look of interest.

This was the first time he had encountered such a trial!

Looks like…

Previously, he had looked for the girls for a mission, but unexpectedly, they had helped him!

Otherwise…

This was a trial for archers. He was a Berserker, a King of Fighters, and a Spellblade. He could not do anything!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

While Qin Qin Sheng was deep in thought, Indigo Collar had already begun to take action!

The first round was a live target!

It was the standard type of shooting target!

It was very simple!

‘ Of course.’

This was simple. It was only for archers with some strength!

If he was like a noob, then it was better not to embarrass himself!

The first stage was successfully cleared!

The second stage continued!

This round was not a target but a scarecrow!

The target was round, it was enough to hit the bullseye and add points!

Although the scarecrow was also an immovable target, its entire body was a normal withered yellow color. However, the fatal spots on its body, such as its forehead, throat, heart, and lower Yin… were dyed red!

There was no need for a system notification. He understood everything!

This round was no longer a test of accuracy, or rather, it was no longer a test of accuracy!

At the same time that it hit the scarecrow, it had to hit the fatal spot dyed red!

Fortunately.

For an expert like Indigo Collar, there was no pressure at all when facing such a small test. He passed it easily!

Then…

A moving target!

Another clear!

Moving the target again!

And it was clear!

Then.

The target moved backward!

From 20 meters to 30 meters, he repeated the previous shooting checkpoint!

Indigo Collar was easily taken down!

Rumble…

The ground shook.

The target was removed, and the environment returned to the forest!

At the same time.

Everyone heard the system's announcement.

After a while.

Archers behind the branches of the trees started to shoot arrows at Indigo Collar!

Indigo Collar, who knew the conditions for clearing the dungeon, no longer hesitated. He nocked an arrow and shot back while the NPC archers stuck their heads out!

Soon.

The ten NPC archers were all hit by Indigo Collar's arrows!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Arrows flew and cold lights flashed.

The sound of something breaking through the air was endless!

This was a test of the archer's eyes, movements, reaction time, and so on. Therefore, NPC archers did not have any health points. As long as they were hit by an attack, they would be crippled and could not attack anymore.

Same reason!

Indigo Collar was the same. As long as he was attacked, the challenge would fail and the trial would end!

"Amazing!"

When the last NPC archer was hit by Indigo Collar's arrow, the eyes of the girls in the team started to sparkle. Especially the girls who already treated Indigo Collar as their big sister, the cats and Nainai, they screamed and hugged Indigo Collar, refusing to let go. As Indigo Collar's best friend, Su You Ran and Beauty Su also came forward to congratulate him. Their smiles were beautiful beyond words!

"Ah, so-so!"

Mu Mu was a tsundere. Even though she had already acknowledged Indigo Collar, her eyes were still flickering, but she refused to admit it!

The only two who didn't move were Sanguine Primrose and Azure Silk!

‘ Of course.’

It was the same for Qin Luo Sheng!

Ding…

The fragrant facial cleansing scene did not last long. Soon, the system prompt sounded again.

Nainai, the cat, and the vegetable girl reluctantly let go of Indigo Collar and returned to their original positions!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The sound of an arrow tearing through the air rang out once more. This time, it was even more difficult than before. Not to mention anything else, the might and speed of this arrow had increased by at least half!

Not only that.

The NPC archers who were originally hiding behind the branches of the towering trees were like wood. Now, they began to move at high speed. Their movements were extremely fast and their movement techniques were impressive. They changed positions with every shot, creating the illusion that there were originally only ten NPC archers, but there seemed to be a hundred of them. It was terrifying!

"I'm going!"

Indigo Collar had received the enhancement skill from his teammates, so it was useless in other aspects. However, the Priest's all attributes enhancement, speed, focus, and other attributes increased Indigo Collar's chances of success!

"What a unique scenery!"

Qin Luo and the others, who were standing at the same spot to watch the battle, could not help but feel emotional as they watched Indigo Collar's forest chase with ease. It could also be said to be a battle of annihilation!

This girl.

That was the real deal!

Archer's greatest weapon, or rather, their most unique fighting style, and their strongest advantage was that they moved like the wind and moved like a shooting star. All kinds of archery skills were like arms, manipulating any enemy in the palm of their hands. With absolute pulling and accuracy, they elegantly made the enemy unable to even touch a single hair of their own, to the point where they couldn't even see their own shadow, and thus died aggrievedly!

Qin Sheng did not know if Indigo Collar could reach such a realm!

But there was no denying it.

She was an expert, a true expert!

"Ding… congratulations on clearing!"

Thirteen minutes.

Indigo Collar killed all ten NPC archers with a score of zero damage!

"Awesome!"

This time, it wasn't just the three little fangirls who screamed again. Qin Sheng couldn't help but raise his thumb and praise him!

The strong.

It should be acknowledged!

"Thank you!"

Indigo Collar, who had always been a big sister, blushed when he saw Qin Luo giving him a thumbs up and acknowledging his "vulgar" words. He thanked him!