Chapter 959: Soul Teacher, Holy Light Priest, Cursed Commandment

"It's your turn to perform!"

He quickly passed the checkpoint set up by Nainai and killed countless beasts that were summoned. The professional trial then began. As for Qin Sheng, who knew nothing about Summoners, coupled with the existence of Summoners in the team, he naturally gave up his position and allowed the professional Summoner to take over!

That's right.

This Summoner was Su Youran, Beauty Su!

As a Summoner, her professionalism was worthy of affirmation!

The Summoner was different from other vocations. It was very special!

For example, Warriors, Magicians, Thieves, and Archers. These four classes, even if they were branches, were all combat classes!

As for Clerics, they were purely support classes!

Even the Dark Priests from the branch mainly used curses to weaken the enemy, but they were also a support type. They helped their teammates eliminate the attributes of the monster BOSS. Their combat power was not strong, and they did not even have any combat power!

And the Summoner!

It belonged to the 'contradictory' vocation of a support type of skill in combat!

His combat ability was similar to that of sorcerers, but his combat ability was far weaker than that of real sorcerers!

The most powerful thing about Summoners was their summoned beasts!

Yes!

The strength of the summoned beast meant that the Summoner was powerful!

It was so simple and direct!

In other words.

The Summoner's upper limit and lower limit were determined by the summoned beasts!

‘ Of course.’

And not absolutely.

A good Summoner who could control the summoned beasts well was a true expert!

A Summoner was equivalent to a general, coordinating with soldiers (Summoned Beasts), allowing them to coordinate with each other and unleash the advantage of each Summoned Beast, making 1 + 1 > 2. Their position was like a brain, prioritizing troop formation and commanding!

This was the combat style of Summoners!

Besides commanding, he could also assist.

Most of the Summoner's skills were related to the Summoned Beasts. They could increase their attack, speed, defense, and so on. Most of them were amplification abilities that were effective against Summoned Beasts!

Spiritual Master Nainai grew up in the wild forest and was adopted by a female leopard. She came into contact with wild beasts and even spirit beasts!

Such an existence was very clear about the thoughts of the summoned beasts. At the same time, they treated the summoned beasts as their companions or even their own kind. They were very precious!

So.

Nainai's test was unique and normal!

Placate the violent summoned beasts, communicate with the summoned beasts, and sense each other…

One sentence.

It was a test to see if one could treat Summoners as companions, friends, or family!

Something like that.

Qin Qin Sheng really could not do it!

After all.

With his violent personality, he was still able to pacify and communicate with her… What was the use of that?

If he had the time, he could ask if the sword in his hand smelled good.

A temperamental personality wasn't suitable, but a kind and gentle girl like Su Youran was perfect!

Without much effort, Su Youran easily passed.

Ding… congratulations on passing Nainai's trial. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, random item x1! '

Level + 1!

As a trial-taker, Su Youran's level increased by 2, and she obtained a hidden class—Spiritual Master!

It was the same occupation name as Nainai's honorific name!

…

Then…

Seventh Temple!

The place where the Sagely Recovery was honored!

This was going to be difficult.

There were two Priests in the team, namely Qin Luo's black hair and Qin Luo's ambiguous relationship with his girlfriend, Su You Ran. There was also the fanatic and Nainai who had the same name!

What should he do?

If Qin Sheng were to choose, it would definitely be the azure hair!

Except.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, they looked at Nainai's big, watery eyes, her small, cute, and timid expression. They could not open their mouths at all!

Fortunately.

Ming Wei was a great person!

It was to the extent where even the exclusive trials of the other temples weren’t opened. The heroic spirit directly appeared, shining holy light down, surrounding the two young ladies. In the end, the holy light was passed down, and it took the initiative to choose the black hair, drawing a conclusion for this matter!

Ding… congratulations on passing Ming Wei's trial. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, random item x1! '

I've leveled up again!

Cyan Silk was level two and had obtained a hidden class—Holy Light Priest!

…

The Eighth Temple!

The name of Shiori, who was honored by the Dark Commandment!

Shiori and Ming Wei were twin sisters!

There was nothing to say.

Both of them were beautiful girls with extremely good looks and outstanding temperament.

Ming Wei was a Light Priest, while Shiori was a Darkness Priest!

This time.

It was Nainai's turn!

Unlike Ming Wei, who knew her elder sister well, Shiori, was like a little devil. Many of the checkpoints she set up were pranks!

Except.

Unexpectedly, as a trial-taker, Nainai was actually quite proficient in this field.

Tsk.

He really couldn't tell!

Nainai, who had thought that she was an obedient girl, actually had a little demon in her heart. Had she really reached her rebellious stage?

Like Nainai, who had God's help, she cleared the level smoothly without any difficulty!

Ding… congratulations on passing Shiori's trial. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, Random Item * 1! '

Without hesitation, Nainai crushed the Special Class Advancement Scroll. She had betrayed the faction and transformed from a Light Priest to a Dark Priest. Her occupation was called—The Commandment of Curses!

…

The Ninth Temple.

It was also the last temple!

What it worshiped was the Astral Slash with the title of Mad Mob!

Qin Sheng naturally would not pass on the Berserker's trial!

The remaining three girls in the team who had yet to obtain a Hidden Class (Lightning Mage Cat, two Shield Specialist Vegetable Girls and Elegant Lotus), especially the two girls who had the qualifications to challenge the trial, looked at Qin Sheng's "Berserker" Class. It was an ordinary Class, not a Hidden Class, and was instantly silenced!

How were they supposed to compete with that?

The other party's master was an ordinary occupation. Do you want to snatch a hidden occupation?

To be able to join this team and obtain the benefits of a total of nine levels was already considered a huge advantage. One should not be blinded by greed. A man who is not content is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant.

The previous monster slaying test had an extremely low difficulty level. Qin Sheng had easily passed it with nine girls.

Next.

The highlight.

Under the watchful eyes of Qin Sheng and the others, the gaudy testing ground did not appear. Instead, the valiant spirit of Astral Slash appeared, just like Ming Wei!

"Young man, I've been waiting for you!"

Astral Slash looked at the medal of honor on Qin Sheng's chest with a flash of nostalgia!

"Greetings, Senior Astral Slash!"

Qin Qin Sheng bowed respectfully.

Back then.

He had summoned the Astral Slash spirit body more than once through the Medal of Honor to help him fight and solve many problems.

Even though at that time, he had only summoned a wisp of remnant soul in the Medal of Honor, without any will or intelligence, it was undeniable that he had helped greatly!

Besides.

They were about to obtain the other party's heritage. Even if they weren't master and disciple, they were still indebted to the other party. What was wrong with being respectful?

"My trial is very simple!" As a fanatic, he was naturally unrestrained. He did not like formalities, and Astral Slash did not stand on ceremony. He directly laughed boldly and entered the main topic, saying, "Fight me! Defeat me, or obtain my acknowledgement. That will do!"