Chapter 954: Fire System'S Enemy, Xiaoxiao And Sanguine Primrose

Put it on first!

A familiar temple, a familiar recipe.

Qin Luo Sheng placed the tribute first this time. Regardless of whether it was effective or not, at least his intentions were fulfilled!

Like before.

If Goumang's spirit had dissipated, what was the point of setting up tributes?

"Be careful, don't get scattered!"

The suction force of the statue came from Qin Luo and the rest naturally followed suit. They did not resist, but their bodies stuck close to each other. Besides Qin Luo Sheng, the other nine girls were holding hands to resist and prevent themselves from being dispersed by the impact and being in danger in the alternate dimension!

Even with Goumang's experience in the alternate dimension, no one knew if this was a standardized trial or if it was different. They could not gamble, nor did they dare gamble!

"So hot!"

Fortunately, the trial was a trial in the end, and it was only for the sake of seeking the fated person and inheritor. It wasn't a death trap, and it wasn't digging a hole for Qin Sheng and the others to land safely.

In contrast to Goumang's ordinary alternate dimension, the interior of the fiery b * stard statue was filled with a large amount of fire elements. The temperature was extremely high, making Qin Luo, a Spellblade proficient in water magic, feel slightly uncomfortable!

After all.

Fire and water are incompatible!

"Ding, trial begins. First stage, please kill all trial-takers within ten minutes!"

It's starting already?

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat speechless!

Before.

In Goumang's alternate dimension, there was at least a period of buffer time to prepare. It was only when the group of people took the initiative to head forward and reach a certain spot that the trial mechanism was triggered!

Now.

Before anyone could stand firmly, the trial began!

"As expected of a fire-type mage. He has a bad temper and is swift and decisive. He can't wait a moment!"

Although he was complaining,

However, it was their territory and their trial. If they said they were going to start, what could they do?

"Xiaoxiao!"

"Desert Dust!”

At the same time, he summoned Xiaoxiao and his doppelgangers for battle.

This time.

With the addition of the Thin Elegant Source Lotus, the return of the Shield Warrior was a huge guarantee to the other girls!

Qin Luo Sheng did not need to be too distracted, resulting in his efficiency in killing monsters decreased!

The monsters spawned in the trial were very simple. It was almost the same as Goumang's arrangement. Of course, the stronger ones were slightly stronger. This was likely because they had cleared a trial, allowing everyone to increase by one level. In other words, the strength of the trial was determined by the overall strength of the players or the entire team!

Still.

This strength did not refer to the overall combat strength evaluation!

It was simply centered around the level!

Otherwise…

Based on Qin Luo's full strength, he could deduce that what had appeared was not the group of small fries before him. It was at least a group of Bosses that were above level 60, starting from strengthening Gold Bosses!

"They are all fire mages. Be careful not to be killed in one round of fire!"

Fire God Yanren was a fire-type mage, so his trial was naturally fire-type magic. As for monsters, there was no need to guess!

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo used all of his elixir talismans and skills. He could still be a little cool when dealing with archers, but when dealing with mages of the fire element, who were the most irritable, he could not be careless!

One or two, eight or ten, it didn't matter!

But there were a hundred of them!

If they were ganged up on, it was very likely that they would be instakilled!

“Frozen Heaven and Earth!”

Even though Sanguine Primrose was unable to unleash her full power, it was undeniable that she was extremely strong. At the very least, she was definitely the number one water-type Magician!

A large-scale spell that was not a forbidden spell was cast. In an instant, the temperature in the alternate dimension, which was originally extremely active with fire elements, instantly dropped. The area covered by this spell turned into a world of ice and snow!

Not only was the fire attack of the group of fire mages completely extinguished, but there were also some unlucky people who were close to them who were completely frozen. Although they did not die immediately, they lost their mobility and their health points were still dropping rapidly!

Fire and water are incompatible!

Originally, among the five elements, water countered fire. Even if it was not absolute, when the water element was stronger, it had a huge counter to the fire element. For example, now, the fire element mage whose body was filled with fire element was transformed into an ice element attack by the water element. The ice on the surface and the fire in the body clashed and the damage was extremely terrifying!

"Water Rush!"

At the same time.

Xiaoxiao, who was floating in the air, also opened her mouth wide and used the water magic of the seven elements that she was most proficient in. In an instant, like the Milky Way falling from the nine heavens, a huge waterfall fell from the sky and landed on the ground, surging towards a group of pitiful fire magicians!

"How spectacular!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his Wings of the Flying Rain-Dragon and flew in the air to avoid the impact of the flood. At the same time, he lowered his head and looked at those who were struggling in the water. Not to mention using fire magic to counterattack, he could not even stabilize his body. He could only follow the flow and his health points were being consumed bit by bit!

"Good fellow!" Qin Luo stuffed the Spiritual Vein Pearl back into his backpack. "As expected of a pure magic dragon with a bloodline even higher than that of the Dragon Emperor. The power and range of this magic that he casually cast is even stronger than the skills of the Spiritual Vein Pearl!"

The impact!

A hundred fire element magic casters died just like that!

"Forget it, let's clean up the battlefield!"

The other girls who had initially planned to fight instantly lost interest when they saw this state.

Even though the experience points were refreshing, there was no sense of participation. It was boring!

He quickly picked up the crystal coins.

That's right.

Still crystal coins, nothing else!

Ten minutes of rest time ended!

The trial continued!

This time.

It was not the expected 400 fire mages!

There were actually a hundred monsters!

Except.

These hundred monsters were not fire-type mages, but warriors, berserkers with long swords!

Still.

Different from normal Berserkers, these Berserkers were called Fire Servants. Their attacks had a fire effect. Not only could they increase their power, but they also had special abilities such as burning!

Unfortunately.

Still too weak!

Besides.

The vocation had changed, but it remained the same!

them.

It was fire!

It would be countered by water!

A round of education.

A hundred Fire Servants would follow in the footsteps of the fire mages!

Then…

Four hundred familiar monsters had descended!

"Damn, the system is causing trouble!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the four hundred monsters. They were not just fire-element magi, but mixed into groups. There were shield-bearers, berserkers, assassins, archers…

It could be said that!

Other than the Summoner and Priest, all the other vocations were present!