Chapter 957: Sanguine Rose'S Job Change: Frost Envoy

Xiaoxiao was playing HIGH!

Desert Dust was in trouble!

The mighty Boxing King, a big and fierce man who could punch a little kid, was so aggrieved that he could only be a bystander!

After all.

He was just a clone.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have the protection of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl on him. Even though he had swallowed a diving pill, there was still a great restriction. In the end, the water pressure was no joke. Thus, his combat ability was greatly weakened. It could only be said that it was better than nothing!

Qin Luo and Little Tiny, who had 120% strength!

A mere fish monster could not withstand a single blow!

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng cleared all the miscellaneous fish checkpoints.

"Ding… trial begins!"

Shui Linglong's special trial had arrived!

In the team.

Naturally, Sanguine Primrose, who was a water-type Magician, was the most suitable person to deal with this. With the Ice Goddess' broken Godly Essence as well as the Ice Goddess Scepter, she was the most suitable candidate!

In fact.

Qin Qin Sheng could do it too!

Even.

As long as it was an elemental spell, he was fine with it!

Because.

He was a Spellblade. Moreover, he was a Spellblade who could fuse all the magical elements. His potential was extremely terrifying!

Even though he was only proficient in water element, he still had the qualifications!

Still.

Spellblades could not be exposed!

Besides.

He was a Spellblade, not a water mage.

Even if he participated in this trial and successfully passed it, what was the point of obtaining the inheritance of Water Spirit?

This was the lowest level of hidden class. Even if they could rely on their own strength to constantly evolve, they were far from being comparable to Spellblades!

Qin Luo.

It was as good as useless!

There were many trials for water mages. After all, water was the most versatile of all elements. Therefore, there were many trials!

Begin.

Naturally, it was the same as the trial for fire magicians. It was a common trial for magicians to communicate with the elements, interact with and absorb spiritual energy, and rank the elements…

She still remembered.

When the Bloody Rose and the Blood Rose were at the Moon Temple, they had unleashed their terrifying abilities when facing the Undead Lich. A fire lotus and an ice rose bloomed instantly, both beautiful and full of killing intent!

It was obvious.

Sanguine Primrose's talent was at least [S] class!

Like this.

Together with the Snow Goddess's gift,

It was just a normal trial, how could it be difficult for her?

He cleared the level easily.

Then…

The real test was here!

Change!

The change in the water!

For example, freezing into ice, or vaporizing into mist.

It was complicated!

Furthermore, there was actual practice and actual combat!

Even though Water Spirit was extremely gentle towards the Mercenary King and would never change her mind once she set her eyes on him, this woman was truly ruthless. Sanguine Primrose had used all of her trump cards in order to complete the quest!

Ding… congratulations on passing the trial of Water Sprite. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, random blueprint * 1!

Comfortable!

Level + 1 again!

In a short period of time, he had already soared three levels and reached 62!

He opened the rankings board and took a look!

The East Imperial that was ranked second was only at Level 57!

Besides.

After this trial, Sanguine Primrose, who had fallen behind, had managed to advance to the front line. She was now on the same level as East Imperial, at Level 57. The only difference was that her experience points were slightly lacking, which was not as high as her ranking!

Still.

Sanguine Primrose had also passed the trial and obtained a hidden job: Frost Envoy!

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless on the spot!

This name.

No matter how you looked at it, it was full of flaws, like a small fry!

Besides.

It seemed to be from the same lineage as Mu Mu's Flame Envoy.

“This should be because of the Goddess of Snow’s broken godhead. Otherwise, she would be known as the Water God’s Exquisite Water Art. Her inheritance should be water element, not water element branch frost element!”

Qin Sheng did not put in too much effort into the lowest level of the hidden vocation. Perhaps it had good potential, but potential was still potential. At least for now, it was the trashiest type. It was hard to say if it was far, but it would definitely be difficult to achieve anything in the martial arts conference three days later, not to mention activating potential and evolving it!

Except.

After all, a hidden job was a hidden job. It was far from what an ordinary job could compare to!

Besides.

The girls in the team were all S-listers and A-listers. They were already very strong. Now that they had the support of a hidden class, they could improve their strength further. They would definitely be able to go further in the Martial Arts Conference!

…

The Fourth Temple.

Feng Mu, known as the Wind God!

Feng Mu.

The genius of the Wind Clan.

It was said that the Wind Elemental Spirit was a descendant of a secret family that believed in the Wind God in ancient times. It inherited the secret place that the Wind God comprehended before becoming a God—the Wind Spirit Cave.

The children of the Wind Clan had to be placed into caves since they were young. If they could obtain the approval of the pure Wind Spirit, they could obtain the family’s secret technique inheritance.

As for Feng Mu, he had obtained an extremely pure wind spirit in the Wind Spirit Cave. In addition, his potential was extremely high, so he was viewed with great importance by the Wind Clan as one of their successors.

The young eagle spread its wings and soared into the sky.

How could he achieve anything by shutting himself in?

Even if he was only an expert, he still had to travel around and temper himself in the mortal world. Only by fighting with various experts would he be able to continuously improve. Not to mention that Feng Mu had the right to inherit the position of Patriarch. His heart was pure, and if he didn’t experience the dangers of the world, how could he lead a clan?

So.

Feng Mu had left to travel the continent, and during his travels, he had coincidentally joined the mercenary king's team!

Because of his wind magic, he had once cast a forbidden spell, summoned a violent tornado, and tore apart the Orc Kingdom's advance troops of 100,000 soldiers. Hence, he was known as the "Wind God"!

"Wind mage?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little hesitant.

Currently, no one in the team was a wind-type mage. In fact, not a single mage was left!

"Let's give it a try first!"

Qin Sheng had already come. How could he be willing to leave?

The challenge began!

The checkpoints in front were quite standard!

Just do it.

It was just that the wind was stronger, and there were occasional gusts of wind that appeared out of nowhere. If one did not check, it was very likely that they would be swept away, delaying their progress!

Still.

None of this could trouble Qin Sheng. It did not cause him any trouble. He accurately killed all the trial monsters before the time limit was set and completed the clearance challenge!

Then…

The highlight was here!

In the beginning, Qin Luo had been proficient in elemental affinity and spiritual energy sensing. As a Spellblade, he was qualified. Even if he was not a wind-type mage, he could still pass this round steadily!

Except.

The more precise and professional trials would be difficult!

A wind-style magus's specialty was cutting!

First, the metal used for the trial was similar to target practice for archers. It allowed you to use the wind attribute’s cutting power to cut through it.

This job.

Qin Luo was familiar!

Although he did not know wind magic, he knew everything. Who said that a Berserker did not know how to cut?

Did he really think that the Sacred Dragon Sword in Qin Luo's hand was to be trifled with?