Chapter 956: Third Temple, Water Trial Realm

The Third Temple!

Water Temple!

Consecrator—

Water God: Water Sprite!

This was a female expert who was not inferior to men!

Water Sprite, using water as its surname, this was incredible!

You have to know.

Fate World was very mysterious.

It was unlike the real world where there were no restrictions. As long as it was not illegal, you could change your name to anything!

In this world, if one's Life Providence wasn't good enough, to put it bluntly, it meant that one's life wasn't hard enough. Then, one had to be careful when speaking. Otherwise, it was very likely that trouble would arise from one's mouth and suffer the wrath of the heavens!

Water!

One of the five elements!

It was not a noble family name, such as Tian, Xuanyuan, and so on!

But the surname Shui was not that simple!

The Exquisite Water came from the Deep Sea Fish Clan, and it belonged to the King Clan of the Fish Clan—the Mermaid Clan!

As one of the three Supreme Martial Artists in the water, Shui Linglong naturally deserved the surname Shui!

Besides.

Shui Linglong wasn't a simple mermaid, nor was she an ordinary mermaid!

She was extremely talented since she was young. She had always been groomed by the Water race as the queen. At a young age, she was already in charge of an area. Her affinity with the water element was extremely high and her strength increased rapidly!

Not only that.

Shui Linglong had a high IQ and powerful means. Before she became the empress, she had relied on her strategy and strength to annex many tribes around her. Her power had grown rapidly!

Unfortunately.

Once you see Yang Guo, cough cough, once you see the King of Mercenaries, you will regret it for life!

By a stroke of luck, the Mercenary King led his mercenary corps to search for the treasure at the bottom of the sea and met with Shui Linglong.

At that time.

At the critical moment when Shui Linglong shed her skin and shed her scales, she was betrayed by her enemies and rescued by the Mercenary King.

Hey!

What a coincidence!

What the f*ck was he talking about?!

Women who were as gentle as water, especially ice-type women, were basically loyal to their relationships. Even the Goddess of Snow was no exception.

A mermaid like Water Sprite was instantly trapped!

She said it was to repay the favor, but who didn't know what she was thinking?

Hence.

Shui Linglong abandoned her right to inherit the throne and joined the mercenary king's team without hesitation!

A lifetime of companionship, a lifetime of battle!

It could be said that…

I will never leave you, I will never give up!

Finally.

It was the final battle!

In the face of the human race’s invasion of the world’s overlord, the myriad races had invaded!

For the sake of the Mercenary King, Shui Linglong had single-handedly resisted the invasion of the evil water dwellers!

That battle caused the sky to darken. The entire sea region was covered in rivers of blood and corpses!

Water magic displayed an earth-shattering power in the hands of Shui Linglong.

Swirling water pressure, Li Water Corrosion, Freezing Ice, Misty Water vapor…

He was able to change the method of the water effortlessly!

She alone could destroy a million aquatic creatures in the water!

Hence.

It was extremely ferocious and was known as the "Water God"!

…

"Oh? Water world?"

After being sucked into the alternate dimension by the statue of Shu Ling, the desolate world in his imagination did not exist. Instead, it was replaced by a fantasy world of water. It was even more vivid than an aquarium, just like a real ocean world!

Fish, coral, jellyfish, turtles…

It was magnificent!

"So uncomfortable!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not affected at all. That was because he had the Water Vein Spirit Pearl and was more adaptable to the water than fish. In addition, with the blessings of the Naga God, [Water Element Affinity], he could unleash even greater combat power in the water!

Except.

Others would not have such a good treasure!

As a person, how could he adapt to the water environment?

Furthermore, in a situation where there were no props, it was not like the fish had gills. Even breathing was a problem, let alone fighting!

"Eat diving pills!"

Sanguine Primrose warned.

All the girls instantly understood.

He quickly opened the virtual trading platform and bought diving pills that allowed him to breathe freely in the water!

This elixir was quite expensive, especially when many players were at the bottom of the water, the bottom of the river, and the bottom of the sea. They had gathered quite a few medicinal herbs and excavated valuable metals. There were even treasure chests…

Plus.

The Diving Pills were not a popular pill recipe. Even though they were not very expensive, their output was not high. Hence, they were not sold cheaply. Furthermore, they were placed on the Virtual Exchange Platform in order to scam those girls like Sanguine Primrose who needed them urgently. The price was extremely high!

Still.

To a bunch of rich ladies!

It was just a small amount of money for medicinal pills. Without even looking at it, he directly placed an order to purchase it and then swallowed it!

"So tough!"

Under the effects of the diving pill, the breathing problem was resolved. However, the water world was different from the land. Other than Qin Sheng, who relied on a spiritual treasure, no one else could adapt to it. Even the water mage Sanguine Primrose had a certain influence!

Even Sanguine Primrose, who possessed the Ice Goddess' Broken Godhead, was in such a state. As for the other girls, especially the fire-type Magician, Mumu, who had just changed her job to the Flame Envoy, she was in a terrible state!

"This will be difficult!"

The group of girls frowned as they sensed their current state. "We won't be able to fight like this. Even if we do, our combat strength will be greatly reduced!"

"It's alright, you guys just need to protect yourselves!" Qin Luo said, "Leave the small fish to me. I'll take a look at the special trial of Water Sprite later!"

That was true!

From the beginning till the end, Qin Luo Sheng had never placed his hopes on them!

However…

With the specialized trials, the legacy trials had changed!

You have to know.

Before he had come to do the mission, or more accurately, before Goumang had given him the inheritance, Qin Sheng had not known that this trial would be like this. Furthermore, he had given him a hidden occupation!

Seriously!

Now.

It was impossible to escape!

After all.

He was strong, but not omnipotent!

In order to complete the mission and allow the spirit of the Mercenary King’s companions to rest in peace, they had to pass through the trials they had set up and be qualified to receive their inheritance!

This.

Qin Luo Sheng could not do it!

He could only rely on these girls!

"Be careful, the monster is coming!"

Soon.

The trial began.

Since it was at the bottom of the sea, it definitely matched the characteristics!

A group of strange-looking water monsters were swimming in the water with weapons that looked like pitchforks. They surrounded Qin Luo Sheng without any resistance.

"Xiaoxiao, finish this quickly!"

The dragon race was the overlord of the water. The so-called three Supreme Martial Artists in the water were merely the adjectives of the two traitorous races. Be it the Naga Race or the Mermaid Race, they were just vassals of the dragon race.

The Naga Race was the battle force of the Dragon Race!

The mermaids were even worse. They were just toys for the dragons!

Xiaoxiao was a True Dragon, and her bloodline was extremely powerful. Now that she was at the bottom of the sea and a dragon had entered the sea, the combat strength she could unleash was even stronger than on land!

That sweeping posture made the group of girls scream non-stop as their eyes sparkled!

——————

Author's Note: I'll see the answer tomorrow. I'll decide if I should write it in detail or quickly! Sigh, it was originally a normal storyline. Contact the direction of the later parts of the storyline. Due to the need for the storyline, I'll normally send the lowest level hidden occupation. Yet, I'll be called a bootlicker!