Chapter 966: The Hidden Job, The Fire Seed Of Evolution

Li Qingtian's Fire Seed: Special item. It contains Li Qingtian's enlightenment and can evolve the hidden class, 'Sky High Shield'!

Goumang's Fire Seed: Special Item. It contains Atlas' enlightenment. It can evolve the hidden class, Elven Archer!

Wind Purging Fire Seed:…

Firebren's Tinder:…

The Fire Seed of Water Sprite:…

…

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn!

So this was what the nine fire seeds were?

He was instantly shocked!

"Doesn't this mean that I have absolute lifeline?"

A special tool that could allow the hidden class to evolve after inheriting the power of the Mercenary King's partner had now fallen into the hands of the head of the Atlas Mercenary Corps. Even an idiot would not believe that there was no deeper meaning to it!

"It seems that these guys still can't bear for the Atlas Mercenary Group to disappear. Not only did they force me to inherit the Atlas Mercenary Group, but they also gave me the fire seed and let the inheritors who inherited their power return to the Atlas Mercenary Group!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "The name of the Atlas Mercenary Group is still there. The members inside are still using the same strength as before. This can be considered as them continuing to exist in this world in another way!"

Hu…

He let out a long sigh of relief!

Qin Luo Sheng stuffed the fire seed into his backpack!

"There's no hurry!"

Threatening him with the flame spark was the worst method!

Qin Sheng did not dislike the mercenary corps, especially the Atlas Mercenary Corps that had inherited the King of Mercenaries. It could also be considered a kind of inheritance. For the sake of the human race and the country, it was not overboard to have such a small request!

If it was possible, Qin Sheng would also pull people he liked into the mercenary corps. But how many people he liked?

Not many!

‘ Of course.’

Now he had a target.

The first target was naturally the girls who had obtained the inheritance!

They were originally A-listers or Beyond Grade As. Now that their levels had increased and they had obtained a hidden class, their combat strength had increased tremendously. With them joining, they could satisfy Li Qingtian and the others' wishes as well as fulfill Qin Sheng's wishes!

After all.

Since it was a mercenary group and not a gang, it was naturally impossible for there to be all sorts of people. It was better to have quality than quantity. Those who joined must be experts!

"We'll talk about it in the future!"

Qin Sheng shook his head. "I'm not in a hurry. It's up to fate. An invitation is an invitation, but whether you join or not depends on whether you're willing. You can't force it!"

Qin Qin Sheng would not force anyone!

‘ If you can join us, so be it.’

It didn’t matter that he couldn’t join.

‘ Of course.’

If he did not join, he could forget about the Pyro Company. If he wanted to upgrade his hidden job, he could only rely on himself!

…

In the real world.

Qin Luo came out of the gaming capsule and looked out of the window at the darkening night sky. He felt very comfortable.

This time.

God is really helping me!

Even if it was during the day, it didn't matter. In the end, it was still the same thing during the day. He didn't care, but the girl did!

Now.

The timing was just right!

Since it was night time, there was no excuse, right?

He dialed the internal line, informed the nanny, and instructed the kitchen to prepare food. Qin Sheng then leisurely took a set of clean clothes and entered the bathroom to take a shower!

After washing off the filth, Qin Luo walked out of the room feeling refreshed.

He sat on the sofa in the dining room. While waiting, he did not waste any time and used his tablet to enter the Fate official website to check the information!

As expected.

Most of the posts today were related to the Martial Arts Conference!

After all, this was the first official event, and it was a worldwide event for all the war zones in the world. It meant that from now on, the various war zones that were originally "closed off" would gradually become worldized and start to compete for supremacy with the entire world as the blueprint!

A large stage in a war zone and an international stage were two completely different concepts!

Although the world was peaceful now, it was only relative peace. There was no smoke between the big countries. Because of the threat of the H weapons, they restrained themselves. However, the war in the dark, especially the economic war, was simply terrifying!

As the disputes grew bigger, the restraint of reason became weaker. In order to avoid destroying humanity's Third World War, there was the Battle of Fate Dimension.

He had shifted all disputes to the virtual world to resolve them. In order to prevent unfairness, he had even handed over all his authority to the mainframe to control. No country could cheat and ensure absolute fairness!

The beginner stage was over. The Martial Arts Conference was the first battle to walk out of the country and into the world. All countries were very concerned about it. The experts who used to hide under the undercurrents and were regarded as hidden trump cards would definitely be mobilized this time!

"This is going to be interesting!"

Qin Luo was also somewhat excited.

What's so fun about torturing noobs?

Only by fighting with a true expert would one be able to improve and defeat the other party. Only then would one feel satisfied!

Besides.

It was not just the experts from the Hua Xia warzone, but also the experts from the other warzones!

It was enough for him to fight to his heart's content!

Before.

He was praised by countless fans as the number one person in the world of destiny.

In reality.

She didn't live up to her name.

A lot of people did not acknowledge it at all and even looked down on it!

Indeed.

It was the same for Qin Luo Sheng himself.

Still.

Yes and no.

This Martial Arts Conference would prove it!

When he stepped on all the experts and reached the pinnacle, all opposition and doubts would vanish into thin air, replaced by endless pursuit and flattery!

"Oh, what a rare guest!"

Just as Qin Luo was engrossed in reading the post, a familiar fragrance wafted into his nose. He looked up and saw Du Qiangwei walking in with a cold face, followed by her ever-changing follower, Du Mingfang!

"Miss!"

The maid greeted him respectfully, and then quickly placed the cutlery on the table!

As soon as the beauty entered his eyes, Qin Sheng was immediately aroused. He threw the tablet aside and sat at the dining table as well!

Initially, she wanted to tease him. However, she was not good with words. Du Mingfang was staring at her with a murderous look and Du Qiangwei was no longer interested. Hence, she kept quiet.

Hur!

If you give me a stern look now, I'll teach you a lesson later. I won't let you off until you beg for mercy and call me daddy!

One hour later!

Borrow from the wolf!

Qin Luo Sheng transformed into a glutton and ate a total of 50 dishes. He had the kitchen serve it three times before he was satisfied!

He had leveled up to Level 74 and his four super-limited skills had evolved again. With the starlight shining on him, his constitution had been upgraded!

Qin Sheng could naturally sense the changes in his body after being exposed to reality!

Him.

Strong again!

"We're getting closer to being invincible!"

Qin Luo Sheng silently sensed the immense power he possessed at this moment. A smug and sinister smile appeared on his lips. "Perhaps, after I reach the Fourth Stage or become the champion of the Martial Arts Conference, I will no longer be controlled by others. From then on, I will be free and unrestrained! Those who block me will be exterminated with a wave of my hand! The era of cowardly hibernation will be gone forever!"