Chapter 969: Yi Ze, The Three Effects Of The Atlas Mercenary Group

She invited Mu Mu mostly because she was Qing Si's best friend.

These two girls were inseparable. At least, in the world of fate, it was rare to see the two of them separated. Whether it was for missions, dungeons, or anything else, they were always together.

If Qin Sheng only invited Mu Qingzhu and ignored her, it wouldn't be too good. Of course, it wasn't because Qin Sheng cared about Mu's feelings, but because Qingzhu might not even join the mercenary corps because of this. That would be very bad!

Also…

This lass, Mumu, was also considered an expert!

Mu Mu Xiaojiao, who was in between the A-list and the S-list rankings, had also passed the mission given by the Mercenary King. Her level had risen by 10 levels (nine temples, Fire Yan's Heritage + 2, a total of 10 levels), and she had the hidden job "Flamebringer". There was no doubt about it, she was definitely a S-list!

Originally, it was the mercenary corps of the Mercenary King. No, it should be said that it was Qin Sheng's mercenary corps now. His plan was that quality was not as valuable as quantity. Just like the Mercenary King, he only had nine companions. Including him, there were only ten people in the entire mercenary corps. Although there were few people, who dared to underestimate them?

Qin Luo had made up his mind!

From now on, the standard to join the team would have to be at least the A-list. It would have to be at the front of the A-list rankings. This was the beginning, the foundation, and the lowest standard!

His current plans.

That was to fulfill the wishes of the Mercenary King's team and pull the people who had inherited their strength into the Atlas Mercenary Group. This was also another way for them to exist and revive the once-powerful Atlas Mercenary Group!

"I've settled it with Sister Su. There shouldn't be any problems with Azuresilk. The main ones are Sanguine Primrose and Elegant Primrose!"

Qin Luo's head hurt.

Although she had to listen to the leader of the party, Sanguine Primrose, in the current era of the guild, it was fine as long as the guild was the Rose Society. As for the mercenary group, it wasn't that important. Maybe she could leave the guild and join the Sky High Mercenary Group!

If not, it did not matter.

Even if she liked the elegant and gentle temperament of a virtuous wife and mother, it was only because she liked it. Men loved too much. Was it against the law to love too much? Or did she have to get it if she liked it?

Besides.

Elegant Elegance Lotus did not inherit the hidden vocation's power. It did not matter if he invited her or not. There was not much difference!

But.

Sanguine Primrose was in a difficult position!

As the help of the Rose Society and the leader of the Rose Mercenary Corps, it was quite difficult for her to quit the group and join her own Atlas Mercenary Corps!

After all, she was the leader of a group. Even if she didn't care, what would others think?

Instead of being a boss, he became someone else's henchman?

Who would believe that there was no deal?

Since he was already too close to Sanguine Primrose, it would definitely arouse the suspicion of many people. With this incident, he would definitely not be able to escape.

When the time came.

In reality, Du Qiangwei's villa would probably be targeted by countless people from all walks of life!

If he wept for Qin Luo, then he would not be able to keep his secret!

"Let's take it slow first!"

Qin Luo was terrified.

Even though it was only a matter of time before his identity was exposed, he was no longer afraid now. However, he would drag it out for as long as he could. He was not afraid of trouble, but he hated trouble. It was better to live a quiet life. If he could have one more day, so be it!

Besides.

Now was not the time.

By the time they won the Martial Arts Conference, it wouldn't be a problem for them to expose their identities. After all, who would dare to cause trouble at the peak of their reputation?

Even if the people's saliva did not drown him, the country would not let him off!

Ding… Player Yoyo My Heart Will Join the Mercenary Group! '

Ding… Player Indigo Collar has joined the mercenary group! '

Ding… Player Cabbage Girl joins the mercenary group! '

Ding… Player cat join the mercenary group! '

Ding… Player Nainai has joined the mercenary group! '

Ding… Player Azuresilk joins the mercenary group! '

Ding… Player Mu Mu joins the mercenary group! '

Seven system prompts sounded in succession.

Qin Luo was originally the only mercenary corps without a commander, but suddenly there were more people.

"Ding, the Atlas Mercenary Group is inherited from the mercenary group and is recognized by the mercenary group in the world. The empire acknowledges it and has the faith of all the people in the world. The mercenary group obtains a special ability—— (1) Mortal Mercenary Group members can receive bonuses: Regular EXP + 10% (not counting special methods such as mission rewards), gold coin drop rate + 20%, equipment drop rate + 10%! (Regiment Commander's effect doubles). When teaming up with the mercenary group members, all attributes can be increased by 10%, strengthening their highest base attributes by 20%! (Regiment Commander's effect doubles). (Regiment Commander obtains the unique combination skill of the mercenary group, which requires two or more people to be extremely powerful before it can be activated. Bomb every target within a 10 * 10 radius, causing 200% damage. Duration: 20 seconds, once a day! (With one more person, range + 10%, damage + 100%, duration + 10 seconds. If Regiment Commander activates it, the effect doubles!)"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Qing Yi:…

Mumu: o (￣ ▽ ￣) DR

Su Youran: o (⊙ ⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Cabbage Girl: "⊙ (⊙)?"

Cat: (ε ω δ ̓)

Indigo Collar: (= ￣ ω ￣ =)

Nainai: (∞)

"What kind of mercenary group is this? Isn't it too effective?"

Mu Mu's voice was trembling.

The mercenary corps indeed had special effects. She knew.

But.

He had never expected that Qin Sheng's mercenary corps would have such a terrifying effect!

Back then.

The first mercenary group to be established, the Yatu Mercenary Group, only had one effect, which was the effect of the Atlas Mercenary Group. Moreover, the effect was only half of the effect of the Atlas Mercenary Group. It was the special reward given by the system, which was the special mission [The Burial Ground of the Mercenary King]!

Except.

Unexpectedly, the follow-up mission of the [The Burial Ground of the Mercenary King] was not given to Yatu, the head of the mercenary corps, but to Qin Sheng instead!

What the heck!

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng had even inherited the former mercenary corps of the King of Mercenaries. He had obtained the heritage and legacy of the King of Mercenaries and his companions in their lifetime of battle.

Look! Look!

Who could withstand these three effects?

Mu Mu was very glad!

When Big Sister Cyan Silk had invited her just now, she had been a bit arrogant. But for the sake of Big Sister Cyan Silk, she had agreed!

Thinking back now, he felt a lingering fear.

If he rejected it, what would he miss?

Mu Mu knew very well that based on his understanding of this wretched man, Weeping Soul, once she opened her mouth to reject the invitation, even if Sister Qing Si personally opened her mouth, Weeping Soul, this upright man, might not let her join the mercenary group!

Fortunately!

Fortunately!

Fortunately, he agreed!

"What a powerful effect!"

"Is this the mercenary king's mercenary group?"

"My dog eyes are blinded!"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, do you want to team up and try the effect?"

"Yes! Yes! How about we enter the dungeon?"

"I agree! We can test the effects of the hidden job!"

"That's right! It's impossible to force out potential by farming monsters in the wild and ordinary dungeons. We still need a stronger BOSS to solve the problem!"

"…"