Chapter 962: Mission Completed, Gift From The Atlas Mercenary Group

"Alright, it's about time. It's time for us to go down!" The mercenary king said, "Our era has passed. Let the juniors make their own choices. They should walk their own path!"

"That's true!" Astral Slash said. "Times have changed, and we old-timers can no longer keep up. Everyone's path is different. We seniors cannot rely on our seniority to criticize our juniors!"

“Right, right. Before we leave, Guild Leader, shouldn’t you and Sister Linglong… hehehe!”

Shiori suddenly let loose a cry as he let loose a sinister chuckle. His black eyes were constantly darting between the mercenary king and Shui Linglong.

As soon as he said that, the entire mercenary king became restless.

Not to mention the youngsters, even an uncle like Kuang Tu joined in the commotion!

"This…"

The Mercenary King and Shui Linglong looked at each other. Two supreme experts with at least a million or even ten million lives on their hands suddenly blushed as if they had never seen the world before.

"Linglong, I like you!"

The Mercenary King raised his head and looked straight at Shui Linglong.

His life was gone, and he was hanging on by his unwilling soul. This was only because the temple worshiped him.

At this moment.

It was already the final moment!

As long as the obsession was removed, everyone would immediately report to the Netherworld!

Finally.

They were originally just one step away from being together. Now that this thin layer of paper had been pierced through and they were not yet lovers, they instantly became like an old couple who had sworn to be faithful to each other!

"Yes!"

Following the Mercenary King's confession, Shui Linglong, who was from the Mermaid Tribe, burst into tears. Those tears streaked across her fair cheeks and fell to the ground, turning into sparkling pearls!

"Congratulations!"

"Congratulations!"

“Congratulations, Captain and Sister Linglong!”

"…"

The lovers were finally together.

The two emotional idiots, or rather, the taciturn ones, each could see the affection between them. However, the person in question did not make it clear and continued to remain silent until his death.

Now.

Finally, at the moment when it was about to dissipate, he revealed his intentions and achieved results.

Even if.

It was a little late, but in the end, it was still complete. At least, he did not leave with regrets!

"From now on, it's all up to you!"

The King of Mercenaries smiled as he held the hand of Shui Linglong, whose face was flushed with excitement and tears of happiness. Then, he looked at Qin Luo Sheng and said, "Our mission ends here. This is my final strength. I hope that one day, you will be able to use him. Also, I have lived a muddle-headed life. It is only now that I have found happiness. You must not learn from me. Once you know my intentions, you must speak and move forward bravely. I see that your luck with women is much more vigorous than mine. Then, let me lend you a hand!"

"Ding, congratulations on completing the hidden mission—Mercenary King's Last Wish. Reward received: Level + 3, Medal of Honor evolved once. Godly Arrow Goumang, Wind God Feng Mu, Fire God Yan, Water God Ling Long, Ghost Shadow Cold-Blooded, Spiritualist Nainai, Madman Astral Slash, Holy Healing Ming Wei, and Dark Commandment Shishi, Fire Seed of Nine, inherited Mercenary King's mercenary group—Atlas Mercenary Group, obtained Mercenary King's inheritance—Hidden Class: Atlas Shield, exclusive set of Atlas Shield * 1, Special Skill: Atlas, Reputation 100,000 points!"

Level 71 instant change to Level 74!

He inherited the Mercenary King's Mercenary Group, obtained the hidden profession of the Mercenary King, and a set of exclusive equipment!

This was the reward for seeing it!

As for the rewards that he couldn’t see, he had to carefully investigate them later!

"What did you do? Why did you level up again?"

Mu Mu's incredulous roar came through the communicator.

They had only been separated for less than ten minutes, and now they had advanced three levels. It was simply terrifying!

This wasn’t just Level 0 to 3, but Level 71 to 74!

They were now more than 60 levels, and the EXP needed to level up was 500 to 600 million. If they were above 70 levels, according to the System, they would definitely have a base of one billion!

This.

Other than the increase in level, there was absolutely no other possibility!

Mu Mu could ignore it, but Qin Sheng was still very patient with Qing Si's questions and Su You Ran's questions!

Qin Luo Sheng had temporarily blocked his communicator after telling them the reason!

"…"

As the King of Mercenaries and his teammates entered the Underworld Palace together, Qin Sheng was teleported out of the alternate dimension. He turned his head and opened his mouth, only to realize that he didn't know what to say. He remained silent for a long while, then took a deep look before turning around and leaving!

…

Back in the Imperial City.

Qin Luo sprinted all the way back to the Luo Shen Residence!

"Yo, everyone is here!"

It was rare.

Today, Luo Li, Damask, and Mengmeng were present.

In the past, Luo Li had been busy with military affairs and had lived in the military camp for a long time.

On the other hand, Damask and Mengmeng were two full-time masters, one specialized in tailoring and the other specialized in refining medicines. They were doing this for their professional interests and hobbies as well as for Qin Luo's sake. Most of their time was spent in the secret chamber!

"What's wrong? You seem to be in a good mood. What's the good news?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care so much. He switched back to his comfortable casual clothes and shamelessly squeezed his way into the pile of rouge under the coquettish gazes of the girls. He sat down in the middle of the girls and lay down on the soft grass to bask in the sun with them, enjoying this rare peace and relaxation!

"Wow, your face is so red!"

Twisting his body, he found a suitable body. Qin Sheng turned his body and looked at Luo Li, who had a faint blush on her face. He was instantly astonished. “What’s wrong? The valiant Miss Luo Li, who doesn’t yield to men, actually has such a little girl’s posture. Could it be that my charm is too great and I’m handsome to you?”

"Go to hell, you're never serious!"

Luo Li blushed even more after hearing his teasing words. She smacked Qin Sheng playfully, causing him to be instantly stunned. His eyes widened and he almost drooled.

“Hehe!” Meng Meng giggled as she replied, “Young Master, you don’t know that Big Sister Luo Li’s father has come to the Imperial City today!”

"Oh!" Qin Luo rose abruptly from the ground. "Is City Lord Luo here? I have to pay my respects to him!"

"Master should really pay his respects!" The Damask King swung his dragon tail and covered his mouth as he chuckled softly. "He's my father-in-law after all!"

"You're asking for a beating!"

When Luo Li heard the words ‘father-in-law’, her ears instantly turned red. She extended her hand and slapped towards the Damask King, giving her little butt a vicious slap!

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

This.

Did I hear wrongly?

Could it be…

Was Lorraine really here to rush the wedding?

She still remembered.

Back in the Starlight City, he had mentioned this matter and even obtained Luo Li’s marriage contract!

Logically speaking.

He and Luo Li could already be considered to have an engagement. The only thing that was lacking was to choose a good day and marry Luo Li!