Chapter 968: Invitation

He pushed open the door.

Du Qiangwei had a look of fear and anger on her face as she covered her sensitive areas helplessly. Her gaze was so cold that it could kill. She shouted angrily, "What do you want? Get out!"

"Sure!" Qin Sheng looked at Du Qiangwei, whose body could not be concealed, with a fiery gaze. This combination of embarrassment and anger caused her entire body to flush red, causing him to be unable to suppress his bloodlust. "I'm only here to take a shower. Let's go together, I promise I'll be very well-behaved…"

"Go ahead, then!" Du Qiangwei knew very well that a man's mouth was a liar. Without another word, she picked up the towel beside her, wrapped it around her body that was still wet from the shower gel, and was about to leave with her bare feet. "I'm leaving first!"

Bang!

What a joke. How could a duck that was already in your mouth fly for you? Qin Sheng hooked his leg and closed the bathroom door that was broken. He rubbed his hands and walked towards Du Qiangwei. "What are you panicking for? Everyone is already so familiar with each other. Let's do it together! Just nice, I've learned a massage technique before. I guarantee that it will make you feel better and energized for the entire day!"

Du Qiangwei:…

Dog man!

Like hell I believe you!

…

World of Destiny.

Great Xia.

Imperial City.

Luoshen Residence!

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

It was noon.

It was a spring night and a shameless morning.

By the time Qin Sheng was done, it was almost noon by the time he carried Du Qiangwei, who was sore all over and could not even stand properly.

Ignoring Du Mingfang's fiery gaze, Qin Sheng handed her the towel wrapped around him before heading to the dining room in high spirits!

After wolfing down the food and gorging himself, he took a stroll to digest his food. After masturbating for a while, he returned to his room and entered the game!

In the past, Qin Sheng would not have been so lazy!

Except.

With a beauty in front of him, he really couldn't hold back.

In addition, he was now level 74 and could look down on everyone. Not to mention not coming online for half a day, even if he did not come online for a week, as long as no one seemed to have a hidden mission like the [Mercenary King's Last Wish], the reward was not EXP, but directly level up. There was no way to catch up to him!

The Martial Arts Conference was about to arrive, so they could relax. When the time came, they would face the heroes of the world with their strongest and most relaxed attitudes. That was the correct path!

"Wow, this woman is really a workaholic!"

He switched on the communicator and looked at "Sanguine Rose" who was online. While Qin Sheng was surprised, he felt that there was nothing wrong with it.

As the leader of Rose Pavilion, Sanguine Primrose had too many things to deal with.

Even though she had a huge administrative team behind her to help her handle things, there were still many things that she, the real decision-maker, had to make the decision on. The burden on her shoulders was indeed heavy!

"Forget it. I was going to bombard you and conquer you!"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated for a moment but eventually gave up on the plan he had come up with earlier. "Now that my anger has subsided and my inventory has been emptied, I'll let you off for now! However, it won't be long now. Once the martial arts conference is over and I get my reward, if I can strengthen myself once again, the relationship between you and me will be completely reversed once I'm unafraid of weapons like H! At that time, let's see what you can do!"

Ignoring "Sanguine Rose", Qin Luo called the ID "Yoyo My Heart"!

"Yo, busy man, why did you contact me?"

The moment the call connected, Beauty Su's sarcastic voice entered Qin Sheng's ears.

"I was too tired yesterday and fell asleep, so I didn't see your message!"

It really was a man's mouth, a liar's ghost.

Originally, Qin Luo Sheng was an honest and straightforward man. But now, he had learned to be bad. His skin was extremely thick, and he could speak as he wished!

He was clearly having fun on the bed with Little Missy and had no time to reply to her messages. But now, he shamelessly found such an excuse and even refused to admit it. He flirted with another girl and used such words to deceive innocent girls. Bah, scum!

"Hmph!"

Beauty Su was a socialite who had stepped into society. After work, she had seen all kinds of people. Even though she had not seen Qin Luo Sheng in person, nor had she seen him on video, through his facial expressions and body movements, her eyes and actions, she had observed whether he was lying or not. However, based on her experience, she had said those words. Either he was a straight guy who did not know how to be funny, or he was a geek who did not care about girls in real life, or—he was just finding an excuse to lie!

Still.

Su Youran had a high EQ, so it was impossible for her to question him. Hence, she changed the topic and asked, "Why are you looking for me? I'm very busy now!"

"It's nothing!" Qin Luo said, "I'm just asking if you and your little friend will join the mercenary group. After you guys left yesterday, I was summoned by the spirit of the Mercenary King and received his reward. I inherited his mercenary group and am now a lone commander! This mercenary group used to be all-powerful and famous across the continent. Now that the Mercenary King and the rest are gone, the mercenary group has been passed down and you guys have obtained their power. I'm just thinking…"

"That's it!" Su Youran agreed without waiting for Qin Sheng to finish speaking. "No problem! Anyway, my sisters and I have established our mercenary corps for fun. If I join you, so be it. How nice would it be to have an expert like you with us! No one will dare to provoke us in the future!"

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

I prepared an excuse, but before I even started, you surrendered and agreed?

"Fine!" Qin Luo said, "I'll pull you guys, are you sure it is!"

Su Youran replied, "Okay!"

After settling Su Youran and her little sister, Qin Sheng shifted his gaze to Mu Mu and Qing Si!

"Are you there?" She called Qing Si first. "I inherited the mercenary king's mercenary group. Are you coming?"

As for black hair…

Qin Luo Sheng's first love!

He always had a special feeling.

It was not humble, but it was somewhat humble.

I had a feeling.

When speaking to the black hair, one's state of mind would be different. They would speak carefully and softly, afraid that they would scare the goddess in their hearts or destroy their image!

Sigh!

What a bootlicker!

“Alright!” The azure hair replied in its usual ‘azure hair’ manner, concise, its tone cold.

"Are you with Mu Mu?" Qin Luo continued, "If you're with her, ask her. If she agrees, I'll send her an invitation. If she doesn't agree, then forget it!"

If possible.

Qin Qin Sheng really did not want to pull Mu in!

He wasn't a masochist, so he really couldn't get used to this big missy who had a bad temper.

‘ Of course.’

He was quite good-looking!

Another LOLI of a child!

It was very attractive to some weird uncles!

Ahem.

Qin Luo Sheng would never admit that he was a kindred spirit!