Chapter 964: The Imperial Decree Arrives, Hidden Mission [Raising Our Country'S Might]

So what?

Qin Qin Sheng knew the emperor's intentions even without thinking!

MLGBD!

Wasn't this as good as putting a square peg into a round hole?

So—

If he didn’t obtain the championship, then he could forget about his marriage with Luo Li, and directly call it off?

Tsk!

“Well, you and I love each other. I don’t think it’s a good idea for His Majesty to do that, is it?”

Qin Luo Sheng was a little speechless as he complained, "We were fine at first, but His Majesty interfered, making it seem like we're in a political marriage with other motives. It's really upsetting!"

"Shut up!"

Hearing Qin Luo’s words, Luo Li was so frightened that her face turned pale. She hurriedly stretched out her hand to block Qin Luo’s mouth and said furiously, “You audacious fellow, you actually dare to criticize His Majesty. Do you not want your life anymore?”

"No way!"

As a person of the new era, Qin Sheng had no respect for the supreme royal authority or anything like that. However, he still obediently shut his mouth!

In the end, they were in someone else's territory. You could not be respectful, but you could not be too arrogant!

Since he was in this world, he had to follow the rules of this world unless he had the ability to break the rules or even create new ones.

Obviously.

Right now, Qin Luo Sheng did not have the strength to do so. Just like in the real world, he still had to hide and work hard to raise his strength in secret. He could only wait silently for the moment when his wings were fully grown!

"It's not as serious as you say!"

Luo Li shyly replied, “This is just a test that His Majesty gave you. Regarding this matter, Father has agreed to it. Furthermore, our marriage is just one of the reasons. It’s to motivate you! More importantly, it’s a test that His Majesty gave you, a test that will pave the road for you in the future.”

"Your Majesty thinks highly of you!"

"Although it's normal for you to have your current military rank with your achievements and accumulation of military merits, the title is His Majesty's word. He can give it to you if he wants, but not if he doesn't."

"But now, you are already a count. You can be considered to have truly entered the upper circles. If you perform well in this Martial Arts Conference and even win the championship, increasing the prestige of Great Xia, perhaps His Majesty will promote you to a marquis! At that time, not only will you stabilize your position in the upper circles, but with His Majesty's favor, it is very likely that you will enter the top circles and talk to the nobles and generals!"

Luo Li’s analysis made Qin Sheng nod his head involuntarily!

Initially, Qin Luo did not have any objections. Even if the emperor did not mention it, how could he miss the first World Martial Arts Conference?

Honor did not matter to Qin Luo. He admitted that he was a vulgar person and did not particularly care about such things. However, for the sake of his Weeping Soul Beast's reputation, he would try his best to save his own life before his wings had fully grown. Once he really became the champion of the World Martial Arts Tournament, his prestige would be like the sun in the midday sky. No one would be able to harm him openly anymore!

‘ Of course.’

His main motive was only Qin Luo Sheng wanting to get the champion's prize, nothing more!

That's right.

It was a reward!

How could the so-called glory, the so-called flattery, compare to the real reward?

If Qin Luo had chosen either of the two, he would have chosen the reward without hesitation!

Now.

It would be great if he could bring honor to the warzone while getting the rewards!

"His Majesty's imperial decree has arrived!"

Just when Luo Li was about to speak, a sharp and feminine voice rang out in the ears of Qin Sheng and the rest!

"The angels are here for this. Hurry up and welcome them. Don't be negligent!"

Luo Li’s expression changed and she swallowed the words that were about to come out of her mouth. She pushed Qin Sheng, asking him to quickly receive the decree.

"Release your authority!"

Qin Luo was speechless.

Except.

He did not feel disgusted!

In the end, Luo Li and the other two had grown up in this world and had different values. Thus, they naturally revered the Emperor. Thus, it was normal for them to have such actions!

"Earl, General Divine Might, please accept the decree!"

With the authority given to him by Qin Sheng, a ghostly figure appeared before him very quickly. The figure had no beard on his face and had a feminine appearance. He had a fair complexion and was dressed in eunuch robes. In his hand was an imperial edict with bright dragon patterns.

"Subject, accept the decree!"

Qin Luo stood up, cupped his fists and bowed slightly.

"…"

The eunuch glanced at Qin Sheng, who was not kneeling, and immediately frowned. He was about to make things difficult, but when he recalled the special privilege of not kneeling before his departure, he gave up. He opened the imperial decree and began to read!

Ding… congratulations on receiving a special hidden mission—Showing off our country's prestige. Do you accept? '

A formal imperial edict was not like an oral edict!

The oral message was just a casual remark. There was no need for it to be too formal. It was just like any other casual conversation. All one had to do was pass on the message!

However, formal imperial edicts were much more particular. The words and sentences were written by the person who wrote them. It was very literary and required people to understand it. It was really a headache for those who drew up the imperial edict!

Qin Luo did not listen to this nonsense. He just waited for the system to give him an answer!

As expected.

Soon.

The system prompt sounded!

"Accept!"

How could he refuse?

Qin Luo's instant confirmation!

“The decree has been passed down. The Ye Clan has returned to report!”

After handing the imperial edict over to Qin Sheng, the eunuch kindly nodded his head towards Luo Li. Even though he was a close subordinate of the Emperor, he still had to maintain his respect towards this little princess who had nearly become a princess due to her favor.

The others might not be aware of this, but how could the eunuchs serving the royal family not know?

Being in the royal palace, who wouldn't be able to fathom the holy will?

How did their master, the high and mighty Emperor, view this little princess? Who in the palace did not know her?

Not to mention those servants with incomplete bodies, even those with royal blood and relatives would not dare to offend Princess Luo!

"Eunuch, you've worked hard. This is just a small token. Take it and have some tea!"

Although Qin Luo Sheng was arrogant and did not kowtow, he was not a pedantic and stupid person. However, as a modern person, he was very repulsed by the act of kneeling. Therefore, after he received the imperial edict, he immediately moved his finger and handed over a money bag to the eunuch who was issuing the imperial edict!

"This is absolutely unacceptable!"

The eunuch shivered and hurriedly declined!

If it was someone else, he would definitely not refuse.

But in front of these two masters, he didn't dare!

One was Princess Luo Li, who was even more favored than the princes and princesses!

One of them was the rising star of the empire. Not only was he favored by His Majesty, but he was also a young genius who was paid attention to by the big shots of the military and various factions. At such a young age, he was already an Earl. Furthermore, he was an official who worshipped the Divine General. Even His Majesty specially allowed him not to kneel!

Such a favor was practically the same as Princess Luo Li. She couldn’t even wait to suck up to him, so how could she accept this money?

Don't you find it hot?