Chapter 965: Another Evolved Medal Of Honor

"Take it, father-in-law!"

Luo Li said from the side, “I’ll have to trouble Eunuch to make this trip. It’s just some tea money, it’s fine!”

“Since that’s the case, then this old servant will not refuse!”

Upon hearing Luo Li’s words, the eunuch accepted Qin Sheng’s money pouch and thanked him with a face full of smiles. “Thank you for your generous reward, Lord Jue!—This old servant still has to go back and report. Farewell!”

"Take care, father-in-law!"

Qin Luo Sheng politely sent the eunuch to the door before returning.

[Mission Title] Show Off Our Country's Might

Mission Introduction: Through the Oracle of the Goddess of Destiny, the Grand Priest of the Divine Temple, along with the Human Emperor and the various dukes, will start the world's first martial arts conference and select warriors from other worlds to find suitable people to deal with the Demon Race. At the same time, it will also be a secret contest between the various vassal states!

[Mission Content] Winning the Martial Arts Tournament Championship

[Mission Time] None

[Mission Reward] The Emperor personally bestowed Luo Li’s marriage. The champion of the Martial Arts Conference should be rewarded???

[Punishment for Failure]???

"They're really pushing it too far!"

Qin Luo was somewhat helpless.

Still.

At the same time, it gave him some motivation!

Aside from knowing about Luo Li’s marriage and the rewards for becoming the champion of the Martial Arts Conference, there were still three question marks!

Needless to say.

This was definitely a reward from the emperor himself!

Although the Emperor was a gay, it was undeniable that as the ruler of a country, he was really generous!

He had fought for the position himself, but the title was given quite readily. In addition, when he had completed the hidden mission for the first time, he had given the [Life Prayer] from the royal treasury. This life-saving necklace was still worn on him until now…

Even the terrifying potential of a Spellblade was intentionally bestowed by the emperor!

Even if the Spellblade's gift was related to the face of the human race, and the emperor wanted him to have some achievements on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and defeat the Black Dragon King Long Yuan, no matter what, what was the goal? The benefits were indeed given to him, so it couldn't be fake!

"I'm looking forward to it!"

Qin Sheng couldn't help but smile when he thought of the Martial Arts Conference three days later and the hidden mission now.

He would go back and spend some time with the three girls!

The four of them tasted the food that they had not cooked for a long time. However, their culinary skills did not deteriorate at all. It was a grand feast specially prepared by Master Mengmeng!

After having their fill!

Luo Li went to look for her father, Luo Lin. Since her father had come to the Imperial City, she had to make a trip home.

Besides.

In the past, he could still come to the Luo Shen Residence to play in the name of a friend. But now, the matter of bestowing marriage had been settled. As long as Qin Sheng won the championship trophy, they would be able to get married!

Under such circumstances.

If Luo Li continued to run to the Luo God Residence, or even stayed there, it would be unreasonable!

After Luo Li left, Mengmeng and the Damask King did not remain idle either. They returned to the secret chamber and put aside the original matters for the time being. They focused on preparing for the Martial Arts Conference for Qin Sheng in three days.

"Eat meat! Eat meat!"

As the saying goes, "When one is full of warmth, one will think of lust."

It hadn't been long since he had last eaten meat, but for some reason, Qin Luo had subconsciously felt that a long time had passed.

This.

He was probably a young man!

He was full of vigor and vitality.

If he were to do it seven or eight times a day, he would be a groom every seven days a week (???). He would be able to endure it and not get sick of it!

"It's time to go offline. I'll go offline immediately. I'll find you after a simple meal!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned on his communicator and saw that Sanguine Primrose was still online. He sent her a message without hesitation. No matter what she thought, she would not rest until she had meat!

"Don't panic!"

Qin Sheng rubbed his hands together, thinking that this would definitely be a charming and dreamy night. His heart was burning with passion. Just as he was about to go offline, he remembered that he did not look at the reward after completing the mission. He could only suppress his palpitations and start checking. In any case, the meat that had reached his mouth could not fly. There was no rush!

The hidden mission's reward was very generous!

Although it was an SSS-rank mission—the trial of the dragon race, it was still one point short!

But it was undeniable!

If he added the nine hidden job legacies, the advance reward for leveling up to at least nine levels was considered an SSS mission!

Level + 3. There was nothing much to say. He had added all his free attributes!

There was nothing much to say about inheriting the mercenary group. If the gang didn't want to build it, they couldn't be bothered with it. However, this mercenary group didn't matter. There were very few people. Usually, everyone did their own things and didn't interfere with each other. Of course, he was still a general without an army!

Hidden Class—Atlas Shield and the exclusive set of the Atlas Shield. Let's not talk about this for now. Even if Qin Sheng was tempted, he still had to think about it!

So.

Qin Luo turned his gaze to the medal of honor!

[Medal of Honor]

Category: Medal

Grade: None

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 1500, Luck + 20, Charm + 50

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Honor] Those who wear the Medal of Honor are all heroes of the dynasty. They have the identity of "heroes" and enjoy certain privileges. The system store will give a 50% discount to remove certain policy restrictions!

Additional Skill: [Heart of Glory] has been used up. As a hero of the dynasty, admired by the emperor and popularized by the people, it can borrow a certain amount of the dynasty's luck to strengthen itself. Once activated, all attributes will be + 200%, Attack Power + 200%, Defense + 200%. Lasts for 10 minutes. Cooldown: One day!

Additional Skill: [Soul of Glory] is used up. After activating it, you can summon the Hero Soul Imprint recorded in the Mercenary King's medal to fight for you. Current soul: Atlas Shield Li Qingtian, God's Arrow Goumang, Wind God Feng Mu, Fire God Fire Yan Wei, Water God Sprite, Ghost Shadow Cold-Blooded, Spirit Master Nainai, Berserker's Astral Slash, Sacred Healing Ming Wei, Dark Command! (Summoning the Heroic Spirit during his prime, only once, before the Heroic Spirit dissipates. After the Heroic Spirit is completely summoned, this skill disappears.)

Introduction: A Medal of Honor. Only heroes who have made great contributions to the Empire will be granted it. It is a symbol of heroism, a symbol of honor.

Just like in the past!

There were no additional special effects, nor any additional skills.

Except.

His outer appearance hadn't changed, but his inner appearance had changed drastically!

The four basic attributes went from + 300 to + 1500. He was lucky by 12 points and had 35 more points of charm. It was indeed exaggerated!

A 30% discount and a 50% discount in addition to a noble title was simply too much!

The Heart of Honor and Soul of Glory that came with the skill had also improved greatly!

The bonus status of the Heart of Honor was doubled. The duration was also doubled. The cooldown time remained the same. It was still 24 hours a day!

The Soul of Glory Domain was originally a spirit summoning. Within a certain period of time, it would randomly summon the other nine spirits besides the Mercenary King Li Qingtian to assist in battle. As long as the CD problem was solved, it could be summoned infinitely!

Now.

Although they could still be summoned, they were limited to death. Every spirit could only be summoned once more. This was probably the blessing mentioned in the reward. After they entered the Netherworld, they had entrusted their final strength and consciousness to the Medal of Honor. Unfortunately, they could only attack once more!

Still.

Although there were not many of them, the essence and strength mattered!

How powerful would the King of Mercenaries and his companions be at their peak?

Qin Qin Sheng did not know.

Yet.

He could tell a thing or two from their introduction through the Heavenly Eye. How could a big shot who could easily block an army and suffer millions of casualties be weak?

"Another trump card!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was full of smiles. "If this can be used in the martial arts conference, wouldn't he have a 90% chance of winning?"