Chapter 967: A Hundred Million Yuan? An External Avatar, Recovered After Lost!

A one-night stand!

Qin Luo Sheng released a long period of pressure and emptied his inventory. His entire person was floating in the air.

Now that his body was comfortable, his spirit was relieved!

She looked at the arrogant woman who was still blushing and lying under her body yesterday. She was panting and her eyes were blurry. She bit her lips tightly and tried to hold herself back. She was determined not to make a sound. At this moment, she had already wrapped herself in a thin blanket and stood up.

How could a silk blanket in summer cover her tall and graceful figure? Even though it covered the important parts of her body, it revealed a large portion of her fair skin and a pair of long and slender legs that were half-covered by her clothes. It was even more tempting!

"This girl isn't arrogant anymore, right?"

Qin Sheng smiled smugly as he watched Du Qiangwei walk unsteadily into the bathroom. He had tormented this woman quite a bit yesterday. Perhaps he had not crushed her pride in one move.

"No rush, take your time!"

Qin Luo straightened his body and leaned against the bed. As he listened to the pattering of the shower in the bathroom, his eyes narrowed slightly. "It's still early and there are plenty of opportunities. I still have nearly 20 nights left. I don't believe I can't conquer this woman!"

"Besides, now that I have changed my position, I am no longer afraid of heavy weapons. I am not afraid of ordinary high-tech weapons. Unless I use a large destructive weapon and perish together, who can stop me?"

Qin Luo was still waiting!

As a lYB!

He naturally had to have patience!

Unless he was absolutely invincible, he would never leave the mountain!

‘ Of course.’

If he was forced into a corner, then he could not blame him for coming out of retirement in a high-profile manner and killing everyone!

Honestly.

Qin Luo Sheng was also quite angry!

He had such great power, but he could not do as he pleased!

Except.

With something to worry about, it was naturally different!

If not for his parents and siblings, how could he be in such a situation alone?

Whoever was unconvinced would be directly crushed!

One person was like this, and so was another power!

Other than the country's machinery, he had nothing to worry about now!

"I'm Level 74 now. This level is very dangerous!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned slightly. "According to the settings, after one's level surpasses the dungeon's level by 10, one will automatically lose the qualification to challenge and no longer have the qualifications to seize the only reward! In other words, the level 55 and level 60 dungeons are no longer fated with me! The level 65 dungeons are also in imminent danger. With only one level left, one's qualifications are also gone!"

Qin Luo scratched his head in pain. He had lost two dungeon qualifications. What a loss!

Qin Luo did not really care about honor and attributes rewards!

Especially the honorary reward of permanently engraving the Hero Stone Tablet, it was of little value to him. Did he still need this to prove himself?

As for the attribute reward, it would naturally be better if he had it, but it didn't matter if he didn't have it. After all, it wouldn't affect his combat ability if he lacked the additional attributes!

What truly annoyed Qin Sheng was the real reward for solo clearing the abyss mode!

The reward for the level 40 dungeon [White Bone Mountain] was the Numinous Treasure [Blood Demon Bead], as well as the [White Bone Mountain Spirit] that had created an avatar. Now, it had become ink ice!

The reward for the level 45 dungeon [Snake God Mountain] was an ancient beast. The Luan Snake that fought with the final boss, Daoist Snake, had now become his possession. After the spring breeze, it had become a small Luan with legendary potential. Unfortunately, it was still sleeping!

There was no need to even mention the reward for the level 50 dungeon [Land of Curses]. Starlight Illumination allowed the four abilities to evolve. The super skill Dimensional Slash and the Three Pure Dao Scriptures allowed one to comprehend the three words of the Nine Secrets of Dao Scripture. All of them allowed Qin Sheng's strength to increase greatly!

What the system announced to the world was just the basics. The real rewards were hidden!

With the previous example, Qin Sheng naturally understood what he had lost. That was why he was so unwilling!

Two instance dungeon rewards!

Damn it!

God knew what he had missed!

"Eh, something's not right!"

Bang!

Qin Qin Sheng thought of something!

External incarnation!

Ink ice!

"By the way, when I went to complete the King of Mercenaries' mission, didn't I instruct Mo Bing to scout ahead and clear the 55 dungeons' Nightmare Mode?! Not only can he know the geographical environment of the 55 dungeons, but he can also solve the Nightmare Mode, making his main body start from Abyss and save time!"

Qin Luo immediately cheered up!

The avatar body wasn't like Desert Dust's avatar. The avatar was attached to the true body of Weeping Soul. The avatar body was an independent existence!

In other words.

If Desert Dust and Qin Luo were to synchronize with Soul Sobbing, then Desert Dust would be the same level as Soul Sobbing!

But.

Mo Bing's avatar was different. From the moment he was born, as an independent existence, he was equivalent to another life form.

On the other hand, Mo Bing, who had not participated in the Mercenary King's mission, was still struggling at level 59. It was exactly the same as when Qin Luo and Sheng had parted ways!

"Thank goodness there's ink ice. Thank goodness I didn't miss it!"

The complex feelings of regaining something he had lost made Qin Sheng overjoyed and he almost burst into tears!

"However, this is a little difficult!"

After being happy, Qin Sheng began to be troubled again. "Now Soul Sob's level is 74. Although we can still go for 55 or 60 dungeons, due to the level, we can't trigger the only mission, so we don't have the right to get rewards! It's the same even if we join someone else's team. In this way, with just Mo Bing alone, he only has the ability of a Spellblade. Wanting to solo the Abyss Mode alone is too fantastical!"

The reason why he was so confident was naturally because of his experience!

How could Qin Sheng not know the capabilities of a Spellblade?

Even though his potential was extremely great, he had yet to develop it. There was only one Water Elemental Seed that had activated Water Magic. Coupled with the exclusive skill, although it was very strong, it still depended on who he was competing with!

There were no Weeping Soul Beast’s four ultimate techniques, no holy flames, no Sky Breaking Slash…

Without these soul skills to defeat the strong, how could he fight against those powerful Bosses?

Not to mention strengthening legends, even ordinary Epic and Strengthening Epic would be difficult!

"Forget it, let's wait and see!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng threw out all the distracting thoughts in his mind. As he listened to the sound of the shower running, the fire in his heart soared. He rolled around in bed and leaped towards the bathroom!

"Oh? It's closed!"

She reached out to open the door and realized that it was locked.

Oh.

They were already so close, yet he was still so guarded?

Crack!

How could a mere door lock stop Qin Luo, this humanoid monster that was not even afraid of firearms?

With a light movement, the door lock shattered!