Chapter 961: The Return Of The Mercenary King

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng pulled open the skill column and saw the words "Blade Beheading the Flesh, Heart Beheading the Soul". Combining these words with the profession that was passed down from the Astral Slash known as "Ghost Swordsman", his expression became increasingly odd!

Yet.

When he saw the last part of the introduction, he was shocked!

This…

The imagery came on!

Disintegrate!

Soul Out of Body!

One sword to sever the soul!

Combined with the name Astral Slash!

F*ck!

No wonder it was so familiar!

After the Poison Milk Powder turned into an immortal sword?

This was emotional!

He still remembered the unrestrained Uncle Astral Executioner back then. When he saw CG's cool and gorgeous soul slash, he could not help but tear up!

Unexpectedly.

In the virtual games of this parallel world, he had actually encountered an existence with the same name and ability. Furthermore, he had learned that terrifying ability!

The surprise and satisfaction in this was nothing to an outsider!

…

“Alright, the Nine Great Divine Shrine’s mission is completed. It’s getting late, everyone should rest early!”

A temple would last for at least two hours. Apart from Ming Wei, the Light Priest, who was just going through the motions, the rest of the time was really a bit too long. Especially after the monster-killing trial, the exclusive trial did not seem to be the type of intense battle. However, the professional trial tested one's strength and potential, as well as one's mental and physical strength. It took a lot of effort, and it consumed a lot of stamina and spirit!

"Alright!"

The girls responded.

In fact.

Even a beast like Qin Luo was tired, let alone delicate girls like them.

However…

They had only gone through an exclusive trial. It was not like Qin Sheng, who had come three times in total (Wind God's Wind Muscle, Ghost Shadow Cold-Blooded and Mad Southern Astral Slash). Therefore, the greater reason for the fatigue was that the battle had lasted for too long, a total of sixteen to seventeen hours. They really could not take it!

Yet.

In less than a day, he had gotten at least eight levels (only joined after Elegant Lotus). What was there to be unhappy about?

He was originally only an A-list celebrity, but now, he had become an S-list celebrity!

He was originally in the S-list rankings, but now he was in the S-list rankings!

Probably.

The entire world must be in a daze now!

Weeping Soul had risen from level 59 to level 71 in just one day. It had dominated the China Rankings Leaderboard and even the world Ranking Leaderboard. Was he f*cking cheating?

Not only that.

Other than Weeping Soul Beast, there were also a bunch of people that he knew and didn't know. It was the same, their levels skyrocketed!

Among them.

The one who stood out the most was Sanguine Primrose, who was originally at the front line of the Ranking Leaderboard and was ranked 5th. Just like the second East Imperial, she was also a Level 57 Sanguine Primrose. She had leveled up 10 levels to reach Level 67!

Buzz…

The nine girls left. Just as Qin Luo Sheng was about to crush the return scroll and leave the temple, the Medal of Honor on his chest suddenly shone.

"What… is this?"

Before Qin Luo Sheng could react in shock, the medal of honor that was emitting nine colors suddenly emitted a tremendous suction force, sucking Qin Luo Sheng into an alternate dimension!

"You're here!"

A familiar voice rang in his ears. Qin Sheng shuddered and looked toward the source of the voice.

That's right.

This voice!

Mercenary King!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Before Qin Luo could speak, the Medal of Honor on his chest shone once more. The nine-colored radiance was released, and the nine figures landed beside the King of Mercenaries!

Astral Executioner: "Hahaha, I finally get to see you again. Little Li, look at your physique, you're still so skinny. I don't know how you did the Sky High Shield!"

Goumang: "Commander!"

Wind God Feng Mu: "After our last farewell, I never thought that it would actually be an eternal farewell. Luckily, there is still a day when we can meet, so we can bid farewell properly!"

Fire God Yan: "Tsk, it's still not satisfying! If I had more time, I would have burned down the Orc Kingdom!"

"…"

Spiritual Master Nainai: "My poor little cutie, I wonder how they are after I leave!"

Sacred Yu Wei & Dark Commandment Shiori: "Big Brother Li!"

"Long time no see!"

Mercenary King: "I'm sorry, I caused you…"

"Little Li, when did you become so unreasonable?" Gang Zhan laughed. "This is our choice!"

"That's right!" Everyone said, "We are also humans. How can we sit idly by when the orc kingdom invades?"

The only non-human, Shui Linglong:…

Coldblood said, "My life is yours. I'll kill whoever you want me to kill!"

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng hid not far away and did not disturb this reunion that he had not seen for a long time!

From what they said, it was likely that when the Orc Kingdom invaded, the mercenary king's team had either received orders from the Imperial Court or acted on their own accord to participate in the war!

Even though they had made great contributions, how could a mercenary group contend with a kingdom and eventually perish!

"Young man, thank you!"

The narrative of the charge did not last long.

Perhaps this was a friend who had gone through life and death together!

There's no need to say too much. As long as you need something, just say the word and I'll go through hell and high water for you, betting my life on it!

"Seniors, you're too kind!"

Qin Luo said respectfully.

This was not a disguise, but true feelings!

To these predecessors who had sacrificed their lives for the sake of the human race and used their lives to create a new era for their descendants, they were worthy of all future generations to remember and respect!

"After such a long period of time, we are finally able to see each other once more. We are already satisfied, and there is no longer any love left in this world!" The mercenary king said, "It was you who allowed us to pass down our power. This can be considered the last thing we seniors have given to the juniors of the human race! I hope you can use this power to help those who need it!"

"I will remember!"

Qin Luo Sheng said solemnly, "I will not let you down!"

"Little Li, you're still as serious as ever. Since you're about to leave, stop scaring the younger generation!" Astral Slash laughed. "This kid is not simple. His future achievements will definitely surpass ours. Don't worry about it!"

"That's right, that's right!" Wind God Feng Mu said, "All of your powers have a suitable inheritor. Only Coldblood and I haven't found a successor. Originally, this kid was very suitable. Unfortunately, he doesn't think highly of our powers!"

Coldblood:…

"Senior, don't worry. I will definitely find a suitable successor for you and Senior Coldblood. I will definitely not let your inheritance be covered in dust!"

Qin Luo promised.

"Alright, alright!" Feng Mu said, "I was just casually mentioning it! We're about to die, so why should we care about this? Anyway, once I've decided on you, I'll hand over the power of inheritance to you. The burden will be yours. It's up to you how you use it!"

Qin Sheng:…