Chapter 963: Planning The Martial Arts Conference, The Emperor'S Plan

“Luo Li, what do you think?”

Qin Luo looked at Luo Li.

Marry Luo Li.

He was very willing.

How could he miss such a perfect wife?

Body, appearance, personality, status, strength, power…

Which one was not outstanding?

It could be said.

For Qin Luo to be able to marry a woman like Luo Li, it was all because he had saved the galaxy in his previous life!

‘ What?’

What about the green hair?

F*ck!

What did marrying Luo Li have to do with her hair?

Can't I fucking ask for two?

Besides.

Luo Li was Luo Li, how could her black hair be mixed together?

In the Fated World, my wife is Luo Li. Is there anything wrong with that?

In the real world, I married Azuresilk. That shouldn't be a problem, right?

"I…"

Upon hearing Qin Sheng’s question, Luo Li opened her mouth, before lowering her head down again. Her face was flushed red as she felt incomparably hot, almost turning into a steam engine!

“Aiya, Young Master is so stupid!” Mengmeng couldn’t bear to watch any longer. “How can you ask a girl such things?! Big Sister Luo Li is naturally willing!”

"That's right, that's right!" The Damask King was also kicking up a fuss. "Master is such a straight man!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

You two!

F*ck!

Who was the young master? Who was the master?

Did he betray them just like that?

And.

Where did you learn those words from?

F*ck!

So what if he's straight?

Did straight men eat your rice?

I am straight!

I'm proud!

“Since there’s nothing wrong with you, Luo Li, then it’s naturally extremely good!” Qin Sheng was a little straight, but he wasn’t a fool. His IQ and EQ were both online. He immediately grabbed Luo Li’s hand and said seriously, “I’ll go plead with my father-in-law later. When he chooses a good day, I’ll marry you!”

"Yes!"

Luo Li struggled free from Qin Sheng’s grasp. However, when she heard his words, even though she instantly felt a little dizzy and her eyes had turned into mosquito coil circles, the temperature on her face had truly risen to the point of becoming a steam engine, she felt extremely sweet in her heart. She did not have the slightest bit of objection as she nodded her head in an undetectable manner. In the end, her voice was like a mosquito’s buzz as she agreed.

“Congratulations, congratulations, Young Master, congratulations Big Sister Luo Li!”

Mengmeng congratulated them from the side and felt happy for them from the bottom of her heart. However, a trace of sadness flashed past her spirited eyes and her heart felt a little sour.

The Damask King was the same.

Except.

She knew her place better than Mengmeng.

Even though Qin Luo Sheng had never treated her as a maidservant, the environment he grew up in and the inferiority brought about by the mix of human and dragon blood had always made her consider herself a "servant". Qin Luo Sheng had never addressed her as "master"!

She was also envious!

However…

She was envious of her master and Luo Li, who treated her like her own sister. They were about to get married, and their lovers would finally be together!

And her.

He had to move back a little.

As a maidservant, she was also a maidservant. She belonged to the master, and it was impossible for her to become the mistress. In the future, she would definitely become the head maidservant of the mistress. It was already very satisfying to be able to be with the master!

"Alright, I'll go find the City Lord and settle this marriage!"

With the marriage contract in hand, marriage was just a process.

Once the wedding was settled, they could just wait for the day and hold the wedding!

"Don't panic!"

Luo Li pulled Qin Sheng back and said, “Father is currently reporting his duties in the palace. There’s no rush. Also, I heard from Father that it’s not that simple for you to marry me!”

Qin Sheng:…

"No way, Wife, is there some kind of test?"

Upon hearing this, Qin Sheng instantly felt uncomfortable!

He had already accepted the marriage contract. Could it be that he still had to go through many twists and turns?

"What are you shouting for!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo’s address, Luo Li’s face, which had just calmed down a little, was dyed red once again!

"Of course Father doesn't have such thoughts!"

Luo Li explained, “However, His Majesty will not let me marry you so easily!”

"What?" Qin Sheng was confused. "What does this have to do with His Majesty? He's not the one marrying off his daughter. As long as his father-in-law agrees and you agree, how can he be nosy?"

“Don’t spout nonsense!” Luo Li hurriedly covered his mouth when she heard Qin Sheng’s bold disrespectful words. After that, she rolled her eyes at him flirtatiously as she said, “Although I’m not a princess, my mother possesses the royal bloodline. His Majesty had once bestowed me the title of princess and was extremely fond of me. If not for the objections of the ministers, in order to avoid arousing suspicion, His Majesty would have already taken me as his adopted daughter and conferred me the title of princess!”

Princess?

Qin Luo was stunned.

Oh my god!

I didn't expect a loser like me to marry a princess!

Besides.

She was not a princess with big arms, a big waist, and a big mole on her face. Instead, she was a flawless beauty in every aspect!

"His Majesty dotes on me so much that he has even surpassed many of the royal bloodlines!"

Luo Li sighed and said with gratitude, “It’s so much so that I even transferred a batch of elites from the Rose Army of the Four Guards, allowing me to form the Rose Knight Legion. I am indebted to them!”

"Sigh!" Qin Sheng's head instantly ached. "A slave to a daughter! What am I supposed to do? His Majesty dotes on you so much, isn't this making things difficult for me? Who knows what kind of problems His Majesty will give me!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was full of despair!

Back then.

It was just a third-promotion mission, but the LYB emperor had given Fengling Castle such a big problem!

Now.

If Luo Li, who wasn’t a princess, married down, what the hell was going on?

It's too difficult!

"Relax, relax!"

Seeing Qin Sheng’s appearance, Luo Li couldn’t help smiling as she consoled, “His Majesty dotes on me the most, so he won’t make things too difficult for you! In reality, I’ve also obtained some information from my father. Previously, the Goddess of Fate suddenly revealed a miracle in the Divine Temple and followed the wishes of the Goddess. The Divine Attendant of the Temple of Destiny discussed with His Majesty and communicated with the various dukes of various regions to formulate the World Martial Dao Assembly!”

The World Martial Arts Conference?

Qin Luo immediately understood!

So.

The emperor turned his attention to this.

Tsk tsk.

He was indeed a political player. He was really scheming like a sea. He could scheme for benefits from everything!

“Right now, the Demon Clan is getting restless. They’re moving about frequently, and it seems like they’re about to make a comeback!” Luo Li said. “It’s been so long since the Fate Continent defeated the Demon Clan’s army. Right now, most people don’t know how terrifying the Demon Clan is, and they’ve never seen the scene of mountains of corpses and rivers of blood. In the end, the history books are just cold words!”

Qin Luo was silent.

“In order to deal with the Demon Clan, the Goddess of Fate summoned many warriors from the other worlds!” Luo Li continued, “This World’s First Martial Meeting is to select the true warriors to deal with the Demon Clan. At the same time, it is also a secret battle between the various kingdoms! His Majesty said that, on the surface, my Great Xia Kingdom is the strongest, and your chances of winning are the highest! Therefore…”