Chapter 960: Ghost Swordsman? Toxic Healer Powder? Terrifying Soul Slaying!

"Fight with me! Defeat me, or obtain my recognition. That will do!"

Really?

How simple!

Qin Luo Sheng could not help twitching his lips when he saw how heroic the Astral Slash was.

He was indeed worthy of being called a madman. As expected, he only had the wrong name and no intertwined nicknames. How arrogant!

He scanned the area with his Heavenly Eye.

Strengthening Epic strength, the level suppression was the same as him!

"Looks like this is really a trial!"

Qin Luo Sheng silently ridiculed, then told the nine chicks to get further away. He also ordered Xiaoxiao and Desert Dust not to participate in this battle. Only then did he take a deep breath, pull out the Sacred Dragon Sword, and challenge Astral Executioner. "Since that's the case, then, then I'll offend you!"

The battle began!

It was like a raging fire!

Qin Luo Sheng had even defeated a Legendary Boss that was half-step into the Mythical stage, and there was more than one of them. How could a mere Ancient Strengthening Technique be his match?

Five minutes later!

Astral Slash was defeated!

"Hahahaha… Good, this is great, this is too satisfying. It's been a long time since I've been so free to fight to my heart's content!"

Even though he had been defeated, Astral Slash was not the least bit dejected or dissatisfied. On the contrary, he looked at Qin Sheng with extreme satisfaction!

They were originally heroic spirits, seeking successors.

Now.

With such a powerful junior, his potential was boundless, and his strength had already reached a level where he could defeat him at such a young age. Furthermore, he could sense that this wasn't his full strength!

With such a talent inheriting his power, it was simply heaven's blessing!

"I can feel the terrifying potential in your body, and the power that far exceeds mine. I can even feel fear and trembling!"

Astral Slash said, "I have already fallen for a long time. The energy that I have accumulated with all my might can only maintain a minimum inheritance. If you want to become stronger, you need to slowly develop your potential and dig out your own strength!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

"Sigh!"

He sighed and said helplessly, "My inheritance is not suitable for you. Or rather, my inheritance is not suitable for you!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"F*ck, did this Gang Slash sense the power of a Spellblade? Or something else? For example, the Lord of the Stars! So, I feel that the hidden class he gave isn't worthy?"

For a moment, Qin Sheng felt his teeth ache!

He was at a loss!

Should he be happy or speechless?

He was happy that even Astral Slash acknowledged him and praised him. He even said the word "not worthy"!

What made him speechless was that the hidden occupation that he should have obtained might just fly away!

"I'll give you two choices. One, I'll condense the power of inheritance into a scroll and give it to you. You can use it. Or, if you find a suitable candidate in the future, you can give the scroll to me and let my power be passed down!"

"Secondly, I'll choose one of your companions to inherit my power! I can sense that most of your companions have inherited the legacy of my former companions. It seems like they've also acknowledged you!"

Could he still choose?

If you say it secretly, I will still have a chance to steal this hidden job!

Now that you've made it so clear, what else can I do under so many gazes?

"Then, I'll have to trouble Senior!"

Qin Qin Sheng cupped his hands in a salute and made a choice that only had one option!

"Let's choose her!"

Astral Slash looked down at the nine girls. More accurately, he looked at the three girls!

Cat, Lightning Mage, PASS, not suitable!

Little Vegetable Girl, Guardian!

Elegant Lotus, Shield Warrior!

Even though he was a Guardian, he was still a Warrior. There was nothing wrong with the hidden job of a Berserker with the Inheritance Astral Slash!

"Your heart of protection is too heavy. It's not suitable for my inheritance!"

Soon.

Astral Slash made its choice.

He looked at the elegant Suhe who had a gentle smile on her face. She had the temperament of a virtuous wife and mother. He shook his head and gave her a pity.

Elegant Elegance Lotus did not show much emotion. She was only surprised for a moment. Then, she smiled calmly and took two steps back without a care. She handed the stage to the only remaining candidate—Vegetable Girl!

Even though she had missed a great opportunity, a powerful hidden job, Elegant Elegance did not feel indignant or even angry at all. Her nonchalant attitude was admirable!

"Your personality is not bad. It suits my taste!"

Astral Slash also looked at the elegant Suh with admiration. However, how could he be careless when it came to the inheritance? If it was suitable, it was suitable. If it was not suitable, it was not suitable. If he forced it, it would only harm the other party.

It might be a good thing that he didn't have the opportunity to execute his Astral Slash today!

Instead of forcefully inheriting a power that was not suitable for him, he might as well find a power that was compatible with him. That was the way to go!

"Yeah!"

Upon hearing Astral Slash's words, the rebellious and lively Little Vegetable nodded her head vigorously. "My first choice is to be a Berserker, and my second choice is to be a fire-type mage. However, the team needs a Shield Warrior to be the MT. Nainai has already sacrificed herself to become a Priest, so I have no choice but to choose a Shield Warrior. Actually, I don't like Shield Warriors at all. Holding an ugly shield every day, I can only be beaten up and not retaliate. I'm so angry!"

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Astral Slash:…

Nainai: ╭

The girls: ε = (▽ ╰)

This girl!

What a tiger!

Crazy battle? Fire Demon?

They were all extremely violent vocations!

He couldn't tell.

This petite and weak girl who only knew how to make "wu wu wu wu" sounds when she saw her. Her actions, speech, and appearance all revealed the word "slut". She was actually the same as that girl Nainai, with a little devil in her heart. She was really—a rebellious girl!

Ding… congratulations on passing the trial of Astral Slash. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, random item x1! '

The legacy was completed.

Little Vegetable obtained a hidden class—Ghostblade!

Ghostblade?

This vocation was interesting!

Was he from a Dungeon?

"Junior, the future of the human race depends on you!"

After the inheritance was given, the final heroic spirit's obsession was about to disappear. Astral Slash took a deep look at his "disciple", Little Vegetable, and then at Qin Sheng. He sent a voice transmission, "I don't need to say anything more about your companion. I'm sure you'll be taken care of even better than the one I entrusted to you! Your potential is very great, and you're very mysterious. You possess many terrifying powers that even I can't see through. Before you die, I don't have anything to take care of you. This move is a move that I've comprehended after fighting for my entire life. I hope it'll be of help to you!"

Ding… congratulations on obtaining favor from Astral Slash, obtaining Astral Slash Inheritance Skill Soul Slash! '

[Soul Slayer] Special Skill: The blade slashes the body, the heart slashes the soul. Using the Weapon Removal Skill, the soul leaves the body and slashes towards the enemy. The sword slashes the enemy's soul, injuring or severing it. The exact effect is uncertain! Cooldown: 30 days!

——————

Author's Note: Thank you, novice player, big brother, for your Dali writing pill. Thank you, big brother, for your help!