Chapter 975: Another Wave Of Flows And Elite Disciples

"Xiaoxiao, open up!"

There were a bunch of monsters, and there were at least a hundred of them in total. This number was not small. After all, they were Level 62 Strengthened Three Star monsters. He had to show some respect!

Although it was said to be a big spell, it was actually just a high-level spell!

Yes!

It was just advanced magic!

It was far from being able to reach the level of Forbidden Curses and Profound Truths!

Still.

Advanced magic could be considered top-notch now!

A rank 50 Third Stage Professional Mage only learned intermediate magic!

Only when he reached level 80 and successfully completed the fourth revolution could he learn advanced magic from his mentor!

As for the level 100 Five Revolutions, what he learned was composite magic and even ultimate forbidden magic!

Yet.

This was the situation of an ordinary person!

For example, a hidden job could break through such a shackle. Otherwise, if the attributes were just slightly stronger, how could a hidden job be superior to an ordinary job?

The strongest aspect of a hidden job was that it was one level higher, or even several levels higher!

If the damage and performance of the skills you learned were 1, then the hidden job would be 2, or even 3…

How could this be compared?

If you dealt 1,000 points of damage in one move, it could double, multiply, or even increase the critical hit rate by ten times!

An enormous chasm that was difficult to cross!

This was only a comparison between players!

How could a player compare to Xiaoxiao?

He was born with a divine bloodline, and his bloodline was even more powerful than that of the Dragon Monarch. He could communicate with the Dragon God, and with a medium, he could even summon the Dragon God's will…

Born as a legend, with unlimited potential and the power of seven elements…

Such an existence was just like a certain Wood Leaf Dancer, a [B] class fire style ninjutsu had the power of [S] class ninjutsu!

A mouthful of fire enveloped him.

Even though they did not capture all the monsters, with the cat's wind magic assisting them, they still managed to capture most of them!

Originally, the Five Poisons were most afraid of fire. Now that they were being burned by this extremely hot flame, the damage they suffered was extremely high!

"Sacred Flame!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not idle either. Even though fire magic was the nemesis of these poisonous creatures, it was not only fire magic that could take effect and deal damage. Riding on Bing Bing, he took the lead and activated a few augmentation skills. Especially when the Holy Flame was activated, the Split Damage was activated. With a swing of his arm, sword light flashed and sword qi was boundless. The damage number that exploded was at least 80W, shocking to the eyes!

"Everyone, pay attention. Biochemical Poison Men can self-destruct. Don't go near them!"

There was no need for Qin Sheng to remind them. The girls in the team would never approach such a disgusting thing even if they were beaten to death!

Elemental magic attacks, random arrows, and… Qin Luo's sword qi whistling!

None of them were close combat!

Little Vegetable was originally a close-combat Ghostblade, but now she was completely useless. She stood there as a cameraman, wanting to record the dungeon and post it as a guide. While earning some pocket money, she also wanted to attract attention. After all, she was a famous UP Master!

Qin Luo Sheng was also a melee fighter. It was just that with the holy flames, the attack range was extended. Strictly speaking, it was not counted!

So was Desert Dust!

However, Qin Sheng had ordered him not to attack. He could only save Qin Luo when a monster broke through the wall of flames and threatened a group of fragile girls at the back!

Nothing else!

How disgusting!

Qin Qin Sheng did not wish for his Abyssal Hands to be tainted by the disgusting green poison. It was viscous and smelly, even worse than the trash in the sewers!

A team of hidden jobs and a level suppression!

What could a mere three-star Enhanced Elite do?

In less than three minutes!

More than a hundred monsters had died one after another, becoming the experience points of Qin Sheng and the others!

"Do you want these?"

The flames extinguished, and Qin Sheng stopped his sword qi.

Qin Sheng's lips twitched as he looked at the battlefield, especially the spoils of war that had been covered by the green mucus. Equipment, coins, Boss San Bao, and other materials. He then asked.

"No, no, no…"

The group of girls shook their heads in unison. Qin Sheng could feel the disdain in their eyes.

"Then let's continue!"

Qin Luo Sheng had only mentioned it casually.

Not to mention a group of girls, even he, a man who had suffered before, felt nauseous when he saw this scene!

If that was the case just by looking, there was no need to talk about going deep into the disaster area and using one's hands to pick up those things!

Eh…

How disgusting!

Forget it!

Even though it was the first time they were exploring, more than a hundred monsters should be considered quite a lot. However, they were only three-star Elite monsters. At most, they would drop silver and the materials would be of the highest grade. As for the Boss San Bao, she was not lacking any!

He could afford to waste it!

The Five Poisons Cult was huge, and the Outer Altar was where the Outer Sect disciples resided. Naturally, it was the largest!

Fortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng and the others were not here to farm monsters and level up. They were here to clear the dungeon. Therefore, they did not seek out outer sect disciples or Biological Poisoners to kill. Instead, they walked in a straight line and headed straight for the core area!

Even so.

After fighting for nearly half an hour, they finally left the region where the outer altar was and officially stepped into the Five Poisons Divine Cult!

[Elite Disciple (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 63

Health Points: 5,500,000

Mana: 500000

Physical Attack: 100,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 50,000

Magic Defense: 30,000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: Poison, Poison Control, Potential Stimulation

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Elite disciples belong to the Five Poisons Divine Sect's outer sect. They are considered elites in the outer sect. They are stronger than ordinary outer sect disciples and weaker than inner sect disciples. They have the qualifications to enter the periphery of the Five Poisons Hall. As a reserve member of the Five Poisons Soup, the techniques they learn are even more profound. They can refine good poisons and have excellent combat power. They can control the Five Poisons that they nurture and poison others. When in a crisis, they can even consume poison themselves to stimulate their potential.

The core region!

The terrain was different, but the monsters were similar!

Maybe.

This was the standard attire of the Five Poisons Divine Sect. It was exactly the same as the outer court disciples. The only difference was that it should be the waist token and chest pattern. The clothes of the Five Poisons Divine Sect disciples here were embroidered with the patterns of the Five Poisons. They were either snakes, toads, centipedes, scorpions, or spiders!

From the looks of it, it should be as the Heaven’s Eye had predicted. These were still outer court disciples, but they were stronger than ordinary outer court disciples. These elite disciples were the reserves of Five Poison Hall!

The Five Poisons Hall, as its name implied, should be a hall that was differentiated from the Five Poisons Hall. They were independent, but they all belonged to the Five Poisons Divine Sect!

A reserve duty was easier to understand. He could be considered a temporary worker, the kind that could be promoted to an official worker at any time, the kind that was always ready to be promoted!