Chapter 973: Divine Cult'S Outer Platform, Scorching Yang Pill, And Outer Sect Disciples

From lightning to wind!

One was the most violent attack!

One was a mage whose characteristics were most suitable for controlling the field!

He had to slowly adapt to the difference!

Still.

From what Qing Zijin said, the intelligence of a cat exceeded 200. It was so terrifying that it completely surpassed Qin Luo's Nth Street before the development of [Wisdom]. It should not be difficult for him to adapt to it. Furthermore, he had to settle this himself. He could not help from the side!

Walking through the poisonous trail!

Qin Luo Sheng and the others officially stepped into the territory of the Five Poisons Divine Cult!

Five Poisons Divine Sect.

The territory was huge. As a famous cult, how could it be lacking?

Even if it was not tolerated by the Orthodox Dao and the officials were suppressing it, making it difficult for it to appear on the surface, no one knew the strength and power behind it!

This…

After passing through the poisonous pathways, the Five Poisons Divine Clan suddenly opened up. It was located within the valley. Even though there were many poisonous creatures and the atmosphere was a little gloomy, it occupied an extremely large area. The buildings were also very luxurious and had the unique characteristics of the Miaojiang generation. Most of them looked like they were made of wood like wooden houses, but in reality, the colors were very beautiful. Needless to say, the renovations and decorations were not ordinary wood either!

One word—

Rich!

"Is this the architectural style of the building?"

Even though it was a valley and not a mountain, the architectural style of the building was built with layers upon layers. It was like a staircase building that went from the entrance to the depths of the building.

For now.

Qin Luo and the others were at the outermost perimeter, where the terrain was flat.

But looking up,

The tallest building was similar to an altar in the shape of a pentagram. Each corner had a unique structure of different shapes and sizes. From afar, it looked similar to the Five Poisons. It was extremely lifelike, making one's hair stand on end!

"This is the nest of poisonous creatures. So, everyone, be alert. We might be attacked at any moment!"

Qin Luo said, "I have special antidotes here. Everyone, distribute them for emergencies!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng took out a batch of antidotes.

This was not an ordinary item. It was a high-grade item refined by Mengmeng. It was much better than the ones sold in the shops. It was even better than the ones that players refined carefully!

A Master was a Master!

This was refined with ordinary high-grade materials and could be mass produced. If controlled well, one furnace could produce ten to twenty of them!

It was originally of a high grade, but Qin Luo's Starlight Miracle had flashed and instantly transformed it into an Epic-ranked poison. Its effect had naturally become an Epic-ranked poison that could cure Epic-ranked poisons. It was definitely the strongest antidote in the market at present. There was no other!

"There seems to be something moving ahead. It should be a monster. Everyone, be careful!"

Qin Luo Sheng had the Heavenly Eye and the Divine Dragon Crown to augment his vision. Therefore, his vision was not inferior to the strongest archer's. With a single glance, he could see a faintly discernible figure in the faint poisonous fog.

"This dungeon is the Five Poisons Divine Clan, so it definitely won't be that easy to break through. Those who deal with poisonous creatures must be mostly unorthodox. Therefore, there must be many traps here. Fortunately, I have the Heavenly Eye and can see through them. I'm not afraid of these!"

Qin Luo continued, "However, although the Heavenly Eye can see through traps, not all traps can be avoided. For example, this thin mist is definitely extraordinary. This is only the starting point of the dungeon and belongs to the outer circle of the Five Poisons Divine Cult. Furthermore, it's only a nightmare mode, so it's not obvious. Once we enter deeper, the poisonous fog that will enter now might very well be triggered and cause unpredictable consequences!"

"Then what should we do?"

Upon hearing Qin Luo’s words, the girls hurriedly covered their noses and mouths, holding their breaths.

"Don't!"

Qin Luo smiled and said, "How is it possible not to breathe? To solve the problem, eliminating the poisonous fog is impossible. In this case, we can only fight poison with poison and minimize the effects of the poisonous fog! Everyone, ask your friends or look for similar pills and equipment on the virtual platform!"

Omnipotent Virtual Platform, Yidds!

In less than a minute.

He searched for the keywords and immediately got Qin Luo Sheng and the rest to find a suitable restraint!

Scorching Sun Pill: A pill concocted using Scorching Sun Grass as the main ingredient. It can increase the power of a fire-type magic caster by 20%. At the same time, it can increase one's poison resistance by 30%. It is immune to ordinary poisons below high-level!

It was a very powerful medicinal pill!

The grade was also high!

He was probably close to the Epic stage!

It was very suitable for the needs of Qin Sheng and the others. It could be said to be tailored for them!

Except.

This price was very touching!

Price: 10,000 gold coins!

A pill that could only last for 10 minutes actually cost 10,000 RMB!?

No wonder.

Even if there was a 20% increase in the power of a fire-type mage, very few people would be interested in it!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng and his group of people were not short of money!

Without another word,

He killed all the Scorching Sun Pills instantly!

Everyone got a share. Each of them had about ten pills!

"Don't eat yet!"

Ten pills could last for ten minutes, which added up to less than two hours.

According to past experience, he would not be able to last until the end of the instance dungeon!

"I know where to get the Blazing Sun Pills. I can customize a batch of them and make them cheaper!"

Mumu suddenly said.

"Alright then!"

Qin Luo was stunned for a moment before saying, "Then you should contact them first. You guys can just customize as much as you want. Since there's a supply, there's no need to worry too much. If there's any changes later, just pop the pills. No need to save!"

If it was Abyss Mode, Qin Sheng would definitely make everyone take drugs immediately. After all, Abyss Mode was equivalent to or even half of a real battlefield. It seemed like there was nothing wrong with the body after absorbing the poisonous fog, but who knew if it would be triggered later on!

Still.

Nightmare Mode was not necessary!

It was just a virtual battlefield.

So what if it was triggered?

At most, he would just lose his Health Points. A potion bottle and a Healing Spell would immediately heal him!

At that time, it would not be too late to eat the Roasting Yang Pill.

There was no need to waste it now!

Although he was rich, he could not be a fool!

Ten thousand for one!

"Let's go!"

The problem of the poisonous fog had been resolved, and the special detoxification pills had been distributed. It could be said that the biggest threat to the Five Poisons Divine Clan—poison—had been resolved!

Next.

It was time to compete with strength!

Heavenly Eye, open!

[Outer Sect disciple (Enhanced Three-Star Elite Boss)]

Level: 62

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 350,000

Physical Attack: 85000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 15,000

Skills: Poison, Poison Control, Potential Stimulation

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Outer Sect disciple belongs to the Five Poisons Divine Sect's outer sect. He is considered an unranked disciple. He guards the sect for the Divine Sect and protects its doors. He has learned some superficial techniques. He is able to refine rough poisons and has decent combat strength. He is able to control the Five Poisons that he nurtures and poison others. In times of crisis, he can even consume poison himself to stimulate his potential.