Chapter 972: Cat Job-Change, Stormbringer

"There's no other way!"

Indigo Collar said, "I'm an archer, and I'm in charge of scouting and pulling monsters on behalf of the Thief. You Ran is a Summoner, and she occasionally helps me to scout and pull monsters. Most of the time, she helps the Shield Warrior, Vegetable, from the sidelines. When an OT happens, the monster will place its aggro on the weakest one at the back, allowing the Summoned Beast to rush up and stall for time. Nainai is a Priest, so there's no need to say much."

"In this case, there is only one position left in the team—the damage output position! Furthermore, it has to be a strong output. At the same time, considering the equilibrium of damage, it has to be magic output. The output cannot be low. Otherwise, the team's efficiency will be extremely slow! Cat had no choice but to change her profession to a thunder mage."

"Lightning mages are the most violent and challenging of all elemental mages because they have to pay attention to their HP at all times. At the same time, they have to protect themselves. They also have to count their mana, skills, and CDs! This is also the most suitable for Cat. After all, she's very smart and very smart!"

Qin Luo was indifferent!

"Then, have you considered changing your profession?" Qin Sheng deliberated for a moment and said, "Compared to the incomparably violent lightning mages, I think a smart child like Kit, the most transformative water mage, or the strongest wind mage in control of the field is more suitable for her!"

Indigo Collar's eyes lit up when he heard this. He asked eagerly, "Then, what do you mean?"

"Since the cat have joined my mercenary group and are You Ran's best friends, I can't be stingy!" Qin Luo Sheng smiled. "Besides, I like cats more. They're very cute, just like little sisters! If the cat wants to, I'll entrust this hidden occupation scroll to you!"

Stormbringer!

Wind God's inheritance power!

Originally, Qin Luo had promised Feng Mu that he would seek a suitable successor for his strength. Of course, there was also the cold-blooded Ghost Shadow Assassin and the Mercenary King Li Qingtian's Shield of Heaven Raising!

Still.

Currently, Cat was the only one who did not have a hidden job. She was not suitable for the Bandit type Ghost Assassin and the Shield Specialist type Atlas Shield. This Wind Mage's Stormbringer was the most suitable for her!

"This, alright?"

Even though Indigo Collar had already guessed it, he was still a little shocked when he saw Qin Luo offering such a precious item like a hidden occupation. "How about we buy it?"

"Sure, whatever!"

Qin Luo Sheng originally wanted to give it to her, but when he saw that his face had turned red because he had said "very cute, like a sister", he felt like a cat that had grown up in the steam engine department. He also felt the vicious gazes from the people around him. Especially Su You, who thought he was flirting with her best friend, he was instantly speechless.

Deal.

You want to do a good deed, and you're still doing this for me?

What else could he do?

Could he still refute it?

Wouldn't that make things worse?

Since Indigo Collar had offered to buy it with money, then he would go with the flow!

Originally.

This hidden occupation could not be measured with money!

Especially when the Martial Arts Conference was about to begin.

But there was no choice.

In any case, it was just an excuse to go through the motions. On the surface, it was just reasonable!

It didn't matter anymore.

As a member of the Atlas Mercenary Group, Cat's strength had increased and he had obtained the power of the original members of the Atlas Mercenary Group. This was also considered helping Qin Luo Sheng solve the problem. Since he had responded to Feng Mu's request and strengthened his own mercenary group, why not?

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng still had the fire seeds of these ten hidden vocations in his hands. It could be said that he was holding onto his lifeline!

F*ck.

Once someone's heart wavered and they were not united, even if he had misjudged, he would never get the chance to advance to a hidden job. He could either guard the lowest level of inheritance for his entire life and become the weakest hidden job, or he could obtain a fortuitous encounter and improve himself!

"I have to give Qing Si the promotion spark, and I also have to give Su Youran the promotion spark!"

Qin Luo Sheng calculated in his heart, "As for the other girls, I'll have to test them first. I didn't expect that there would be a hidden class inheritance in the mission previously. It can be considered that they have good luck and deserve such good karma! However, I should be the one to make the decision in the future! After all, I'm not a bootlicker. When I see girls, I'll eagerly go up and give them warmth!"

"I'm willing!" The kitty suddenly raised its head and looked at Qin Sheng, its timid gaze now very firm. "I'm willing to change my profession to wind-style magus!"

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he smiled and agreed. He then requested for a transaction with the cat.

"This…"

Qin Luo opened the trading column and placed the Stormbringer's Class Advancement Scroll on it. He then clicked on it to confirm. He had originally thought that it would be like this, but suddenly, he saw the other party's trading column and suddenly placed gold coins on it. Below, a string of numbers represented the amount of gold coins. He was instantly stunned.

Ten, hundred, thousand, ten thousand…

Eight figures?

Triple opening?

F*ck!

30 million?

And it was even a complete mess!

35418814?

"I only have so many gold coins on me!"

Qin Luo stared at him blankly like a wooden chicken. The cat lowered his head in embarrassment, thinking that Qin Luo didn't think it was enough. He immediately argued softly, "Big Brother Weeping Soul, wait for me. I'll charge it immediately!"

"Don't!"

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered. First, he canceled the deal and then applied again. "Don't give me too much. One, three million! You can't leave nothing behind. What if you buy medicine and repair equipment? Don't charge it. There's no need!"

With that,

His face twisted!

Fortunately.

With the Ghost Face, no one could see it!

Damn it!

Birds of a feather flock together.

The rich lady's best friend would always be the rich lady!

Tsk!

Unexpectedly, the delicate and weak looking underage girl carried a huge sum of over 30 million yuan on her at all times!

I'm convinced!

What kind of family was this? How rich were they?

Was this what it meant to be rich?

Tsk!

He was indeed rich!

I'm freaking having a mental breakdown!

"Alright then!" Cat glanced at Indigo Collar beside him. Seeing his sister nod, he agreed and completed the transaction with Qin Sheng. "Thank you, Big Brother Weeping Soul!"

"You're welcome!"

Qin Luo replied with mixed feelings.

At this moment.

She was really upset.

With tears in his eyes, he earned 30 million yuan. The buyer thought that he had gained a huge advantage and thanked him sincerely!

Sigh!

"Let's continue!"

He waited for Cat to tear apart the hidden job scroll and successfully changed his job from an ordinary Lightning Mage to a Stormbringer. Other than the magic staff in his hands that was embedded with the Lightning Core, all his equipment was for Elemental Mages and did not need to be changed. Hence, he took out a magic staff that was all-rounded and instantly stabilized.