Chapter 974: Biological Poison Man, Extreme Evil Sect

It was a little strong!

Qin Luo Sheng shared the information of the outer sect disciples that his Heavenly Eye had detected on the team channel!

Instantly.

Everyone gasped!

"Don't panic!"

When Qin Luo Sheng saw the worry in the girls' eyes, he immediately spoke up to stabilize their morale. "Don't forget that you guys have also become stronger!—To be honest, I'm quite surprised too! A mere elite monster actually has attributes comparable to a Gold Boss!"

"However, you forgot one thing—the level!"

"Our levels increased too quickly. Basically, we leveled up by 10 levels. This level 10 required at least half a month of hard training! And during this period of time, as our levels increased, how many monsters and Bosses would we have to encounter in order to reach it?"

"The reason why it looks scary at first glance is because your eyes are still stuck at level 50! Only a Level 62 monster that has been strengthened by the Nightmare Mode would think that it's so strong! In fact, it's very ordinary! This outer sect disciple at level 62 should only be a small fry!"

Seeing that the girls had regained some confidence, Qin Luo continued to increase his strength.

"The truth is indeed so! Otherwise, why is this outer sect disciple an outer sect disciple and not an inner sect disciple or elite disciple? A gatekeeper only learned some superficial techniques of the Five Poisons Divine Sect. All of you already have hidden occupations, so why are you still afraid of him?"

"Now that everyone's levels have increased, the equipment can't keep up with the progress. The martial arts tournament is coming up soon, do you still want to get a good ranking? If you want to, then work hard to farm dungeons and drop equipment! Now, you are the highest level, and you have a hidden class, so your innate talent is at the top of the list. You only need equipment to keep up, and that will be perfect."

"The equipment is in this instance dungeon and is with these monsters. What are you waiting for? Just attack! Beat him up and kill him!"

Instantly.

His blood was boiling.

Especially Mu Mu, a fire-type mage with a temper comparable to Little Chili. She held her magic staff and strode forward in large strides, side by side with Qin Luo Sheng, this temporary MT. She even surpassed him and went to challenge an outer sect disciple!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

Is my mouth also that awesome?

To let a mage fight a monster one on one, what kind of trouble was this?

"Come back!"

Qin Sheng grabbed Mu Mu's collar and dragged her back. He said with a face full of black lines, "Listen to the command and don't act on your own! There's more than one outer court disciple here. Similarly, there's more than one outer court disciple!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo glanced to his right.

He activated his Heaven Eyes.

In an instant, his body stiffened. He looked like a human, but his skin was pale green. His skin was full of bumps and hollows. It was a horrifying monster attribute!

[Biological Poisoner (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 60

Health Points: 3,500,000

Mana: 50,000

Physical Attack: 60,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 10,000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: Poison Body, Poison Gas Attack, Self-Destruction

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Originally, they were servants of the Five Poisons Divine Clan, as well as outer sect disciples who made mistakes. They were refined into biochemical poison people by the sect using special methods. Their bodies were filled with toxins, and they were delirious. Even the orders of the refiner were not carried out 100%. Other than the people of the Five Poisons Divine Clan who had a special smell on their bodies, the rest of the living beings were on their list of targets. They would not stop until one of them died.

F*ck!

Upon seeing this introduction, Qin Sheng was instantly enraged!

Biological weapons!

It was a humanoid biochemical weapon!

This brought back bad memories!

Earth in his previous life.

“When a certain country invaded China, they cruelly used our fellow countrymen to conduct all sorts of cruel experiments, especially biochemical experiments. Although this biochemical poison might seem terrifying, it’s far inferior to the actions of a beast from Japan.

"These guys deserve to die!"

Qin Luo Sheng glared fiercely at the group of outer sect disciples, killing intent boiling in his heart. "This Five Poisons Divine Cult deserves to be destroyed!"

To set living people as the targets of biochemical experiments was utterly devoid of conscience. There were simply too many of them!

Besides.

The Five Poisons Divine Sect actually used innocent and kind people, their own servants, and even their own disciples as experimental subjects.

Observing the introduction.

It was as if he was encouraging his disciples to fight. The winner could control everything of the loser. Even if he were to refine them into morphblight, it would not be a problem.

This cruel and merciless style was no wonder it was called the evil faction. It was not tolerated by the righteous path and was wanted by the Imperial Court.

This was no longer as simple as the heretical faction. It was completely an act against humanity!

Damn it all!

"Xiaoxiao, burn them!"

Qin Luo Sheng was riding on Bing Bing, who was three meters tall. He stared coldly at the group of poisonous people and outer sect disciples below, the killing intent in his heart rising endlessly.

Except.

Qin Qin Sheng was very calm and did not act impulsively due to his emotions!

Although this group of underlings was truly trash and did not have the qualifications to cause him much harm, not to mention putting his life in danger, it was disgusting and nauseating. Especially those poisonous people. As they moved, even the green mucus on their faces dripped down, almost causing Qin Sheng to vomit!

"Mumu, add fuel to the fire!"

"Cats, blow the wind and increase the firepower!"

The small dragon breath's temperature was extremely high!

After all, Mu Mu was a Flame Envoy, and his hidden occupation wasn't too far off!

As for Cat, she had just become the Messenger of the Storm and was no longer a Lightning Mage. It was common knowledge that the wind could fuel flames. With her and Mumu working together, even if she could not use composite magic (also known as combination magic, magic formed by two or more elements), she could simply increase her strength according to the elements!

"Bing Bing, move!"

Qin Sheng stroked Bing Bing's head as he watched the two girls, one dragon and two girls, who were gradually getting better. Bing Bing understood in a second and started to move forward.

That's right.

It was still that familiar movement!

Qin Luo wanted a wave!

Even if it was a dungeon, the terrain was rather broad and it was impossible to do it. However, they had to lure more monsters at once and kill them together. After all, there were so many ruthless mages in the team. Killing monsters one by one was really delaying the pace!

Soon!

Under Bing Bing’s quick-witted steps, a group of outer sect disciples and the Biological Poison Man were attracted over.

Biochemical Poison Man was a close-combat type. Its form was similar to a zombie, but it was much more agile than a zombie. Its greatest characteristic was not its defense, but its poison and self-destruction!

Outer sect disciples were much more difficult to deal with. The most disgusting thing was controlling poisonous creatures. The poisonous creatures were not anything else but the Five Poisons Divine Clan's signature Five Poisons. The damage was not high, but it was extremely annoying!

"Xiaoxiao, open up!"