Chapter 977: Poisonous Scorpion Hall, White Bone Mountain

[Poison Scorpion (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 66

Health: 7,500,000

Mana: 500000

Physical Attack: 128,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 50,000

Magic Defense: 30,000

Speed: 18,000

Skills: [Giant Claw Attack] [Giant Mouth Bite] [Tail Spike]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: The Poisonous Scorpion nurtured by the Five Poisons Divine Clan. According to the feeding of all kinds of poisonous creatures, the Poisonous Scorpion nurtured using the method of nurturing venomous insects. Not only does it have immense strength, it is also as fast as the wind. Its natural disposition has also become even more brutal. Other than people who wear sachets with a special smell, it will launch an endless attack on any living creature.

Good lord!

If he played, he would be the king?

This attribute was almost the same as a core disciple!

Although they were only beasts without intelligence in battle and should not be able to defeat the core disciples who used poison, to the players, they were even harder to deal with than monsters with intelligence in human form.

Since it was called the Poisonous Scorpion Hall, it was very normal that the monster guarding it was a Poisonous Scorpion!

But.

What was abnormal was that this attribute was too ridiculous.

Even the small monsters were Silver-tier Bosses. What a joke!

"The monsters are very strong, but there shouldn't be too many of them!"

Qin Luo Sheng shared the stats of the Poisonous Scorpion on the team channel. At the same time, he said, "It's not good to stay here for too long. Everyone, let's end this quickly and clear the dungeon as soon as possible! Don't think about killing more monsters to gain experience. One path leads straight to the end. Quickly kill the guardian Boss and leave!"

All of them nodded!

This was the best choice!

If it was an ordinary place, it wouldn't matter. They could do whatever they wanted. However, in this place where even the air was filled with poison, only people who were not smart would think about staying longer.

Besides.

In such a sinister place, monsters were ugly scorpions. Not to mention a group of girls, even men would not choose to stay here for long as they did not have any special hobbies!

Even if he could withstand it with the Scorching Sun Pill, it was one thing to endure it, but whether he wanted to or not was another matter.

Just like when you passed by a smelly ditch, the stench wouldn't be able to do anything to you. If you put on a nose plug and the entire mask, you wouldn't even be able to smell the stench. But would you be willing to stand by the smelly ditch and even play and eat?

Same reason.

The Poison Scorpion Hall was like a smelly ditch, while the Scorching Sun Pill was like a mask that was stuffed into the nose. It would not affect them, but they would feel uncomfortable in their hearts. Furthermore, the nose and mask were just temporary measures to treat the symptoms, not the root of the problem. Who knew if they would accumulate after inhaling too much and cause a qualitative change?

“Exploding Fireball!”

"Three arrows in a row!"

“Wind Blade Slash!”

"Curse Bomb!"

“Ghost Sword Crazy Warrior!”

"…"

Although the poisonous scorpions were strong, it was relative!

Against an even stronger army, it was like a puppet!

After a round of righteous beating!

The Poisonous Scorpion handed over a large amount of experience points with tears in its eyes and left behind a considerable amount of inheritance. It left just like that!

Hmm!

It seemed very rushed!

It changed from One Wave Rush to Accurate Strike, and changed the range attack to single target attack!

The efficiency of killing monsters was simply explosive!

If a group of monsters were to attack, it would take at least ten minutes to kill a hundred of them. After all, the Poisonous Scorpion's attributes were displayed here, and it was easy to miss and OT. It was very dangerous!

They had also killed a hundred Poisonous Scorpions, but the way they fought was to kill them one by one. If they fought in a group, it would take more than twenty minutes. In addition to the time it took to find monsters, they might not even be able to kill them in half an hour!

However!

The danger of clearing monsters like this was almost zero!

If it was efficient.

Faster, one every ten seconds or less, no slower than twenty seconds!

Extreme!

The two methods had their own advantages and disadvantages. They were appropriate for the situation, appropriate for the situation, and appropriate for the people!

The choice was up to the individual!

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to do the same. After all, to him, a mere Silver-tier Boss was nothing!

Attacks were extremely weak!

Defense was like paper!

Poison?

Hur hur hur!

Activating the jade bone, immune to Epic-ranked toxins and Silver-ranked Poisonous Scorpions. Even if it was a mutated species nurtured by the Five Poisons Divine Clan, it was at most Golden Toxins. What use did it have?

Unfortunately.

This place was spacious and could be used to its heart's content. However, the main point was that the distribution of monsters was too loose. Furthermore, it was an evil faction after all. Furthermore, they were using poison. There were countless traps inside. If not for the Heavenly Eye, who knew how much trouble they would have encountered.

Under such circumstances, it was difficult to lure the monsters into a wave!

To lure 18,000 Poisonous Scorpions without getting hurt and avoiding traps, well, it could only be said that young people had ideas. Good luck!

1 vs 20!

One Poison Scorpion, and Qin Luo Sheng and nearly twenty other units! (Eight members, eight pets, one Desert Dust clone, three summoned creatures by Su Youran)

Tsk!

How miserable!

He didn't even have the strength to retaliate. He didn't even have the chance to use his strongest stinger to exchange one with the other. He was still traveling when he was completely drowned by all kinds of fancy attacks. The scorpion was gone on the spot. It was really brutal!

"So fast!"

Due to the fact that they were charging in a straight line, they did not explore the surrounding territories at all. In addition, the firepower of a group of people was too strong and the efficiency of killing monsters was extremely high. With Qin Luo Sheng's Heavenly Eye, he was able to accurately see through the traps and did not suffer any losses or even waste time.

So.

In less than a quarter of an hour, Qin Sheng had led the girls into the Poisonous Scorpion Hall!

"Wow, this mountain of bones is almost twenty meters tall. There should be at least thirty piles, right?"

Entering the core area of the Poisonous Scorpion Hall, the first thing he saw was that infuriating scene. The huge area was almost completely filled with mountains made of the bones of various creatures!

"Although I have no expectations for the Five Poisons Divine Clan, these people from the evil sects are completely inhumane. They even brought out the Biological Poison Man. What else can they not do? However, this is only the tip of the iceberg of the Poisonous Scorpion Hall. It has already made me… very angry!"

How many creatures were there in this mountain of bones?

Even though not all of them were humans, this type of indiscriminate killing, not showing the slightest bit of respect for living beings really made one furious!

"Don't move!"

Even Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat unable to withstand the visual impact, let alone the girls. Fortunately, they had already adjusted the degree of authenticity and beautified it before entering the dungeon. Otherwise, they would not be standing with ugly expressions and not fainting. At the very least, they would be bending over, retching and shivering!

"There's something here!"

The powerful spirit perception brought about by the spirit consciousness and the effects of the Heaven's Eye made Qin Sheng's spirit energy and dynamic vision far surpass that of ordinary people. He had also detected a barely noticeable movement.

He didn't shout in front of them to wake up the monster that was still sleeping. Instead, he typed in the team channel, causing the girls to immediately restrain themselves!