Chapter 970: Team Construction, Level 60 Dungeon [Five Poisons Divine Clan]

In the mercenary group's channel, everyone was speaking their minds. The atmosphere was very lively!

Hey!

After all, she was a girl. It was normal for her to chat so much.

Coupled with the fact that Qin Sheng was the only man around, he did not think much of Qin Sheng's extreme yin flourishing and yang waning. Initially, he might have had some qualms about it, but after he got too excited from chatting with Qin Sheng, he immediately threw away his reservations and started speaking freely, even without any restrictions!

This made Qin Sheng very suspicious. If not for the fact that he was familiarizing himself with the new dungeons and testing his strength in order to have higher expectations for the upcoming martial arts tournament, there might already be someone driving!

Flirting and flirting!

This was not a man’s specialty. When a woman became violent, even a male driver would have to step aside!

"Alright! Just treat it as our first group building!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought for a moment and agreed. It was difficult for the public opinion now. As the regiment commander, how could he dampen everyone's spirits the first time?

"Then let's choose a level 60 dungeon!"

Ink Ice had entered the Level 55 dungeon. Next was Abyss Mode!

Initially, Qin Luo had wanted to go to a level 65 dungeon. However, there were people in the team who had yet to reach level 65. Since they could not go, they could only settle for the next best thing and take a look at a level 60 dungeon!

Just in time.

It was also a form of scouting!

Weeping Soul Beast was currently Level 74, so it didn't have the qualifications to take the only hidden reward, but Mo Bing still had it!

Firstly, he had to clear the Nightmare Mode of the level 60 dungeon. Not only would he be able to understand the dungeon information, but he would also be able to unlock the Abyss Mode. This was killing two birds with one stone!

…

Level 60 dungeon!

Five Poisons Divine Cult!

According to the official information, it was an evil cult with the Five Poisons as the main means!

What was the Five Poisons?

Typically speaking, it referred to poisonous snakes, spiders, toads, centipedes, and scorpions!

The Five Poisons Divine Clan was the mutant who controlled these five poisons. Each of them had their own unique skills and were covered in poison. Furthermore, they were extremely strange and unpredictable. It was impossible to guard against them when they attacked. Even if it was a strong person, if they did not put in 120% effort, it would be very easy to fall into their trap!

Poisonous substances were detestable to begin with. In addition, the Five Poisons Divine Sect did things according to their wishes and had no taboos. Furthermore, in order to nurture poisonous substances, most of the sects would not hesitate to use humans as experimental subjects and commit many evil acts. Therefore, they were designated as a cult!

“How about we switch to another instance dungeon?”

They had just been teleported into the dungeon, and they could feel the terrifying aura in the air. Especially when they smelled the stench, the girls who were full of ambition just now immediately cowered!

"What are you afraid of!"

Qin Qin Sheng said in a speechless manner, "If we don't do this today, are you guys not going to do this in the future?"

The girls had no choice but to accept it!

That's right!

It was fine if they were ordinary players, but how could they be picky as first-rate players?

Although this was not the only place that earned experience and dropped equipment, as an official dungeon, there must be a reason for being selected!

As it turned out.

None of the previous instance dungeons were trash!

Even if it was a level 10 or 15 dungeon, there were still top-tier experts like level 50 clearing it. It wasn't for experience and equipment, but for materials, ingredients, metals, herbs, and other materials!

Every dungeon had its merits, and there were items that the players needed. It was probably because of this that the game producers had selected them carefully as an official dungeon. As for the rest, only experience, equipment, or materials were not popular enough. Only certain unorthodox requirements would be given up, and the players would discover the places that were suitable as wilderness dungeons!

As a level 60 dungeon, only top-tier players could enter the Five Poisons Divine Cult!

Or rather…

If there was no Qin Sheng's [Mercenary King's Last Wish] hidden mission, even he himself would not have the right to step foot here!

"This is Nightmare Mode. Should we choose the Difficult Mode first?"

Indigo Collar was worried.

The vegetable girl, the cat, and Nainai belonged to the category of little girls. Although their bodies were not considered small, their minds were really small and they were well protected. Even if they were tainted by the online slander, it was undeniable that they were still very innocent, not scheming, and even not scheming!

At this moment, he needed her protection!

"Although we have obtained the hidden vocation, we are still not familiar with our abilities. We need to adapt to it!"

Indigo Collar continued, "Furthermore, our levels have increased too quickly and we haven't updated our equipment. It will be difficult for us to face the strengthened Nightmare Mode monsters!"

"Don't worry, with this pervert around, it's no big deal!"

Mu Mu waved the magic staff inlaid with a huge fire-type monster core in his hand and glanced at Qin Sheng. "Our regiment commander is very powerful!"

Qin Sheng:…

Young girl!

If you didn't say such sarcastic words, we would still be good friends!

"Ah…"

Indigo Collar glanced at Qin Luo, who had remained silent, and immediately apologized, "I'm sorry, I still haven't gotten over it! Now that I have you, it's naturally different!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Alright!

I'm a living person standing in front of you, and you say you don't have me in your eyes, do you think I don't exist?

How low was my fucking presence?

Do I not want my face?

"It's just a nightmare. Just a little bit will do!"

Qin Luo switched to combat mode. Instantly, the dazzling golden Holy Dragon Set shone brightly across the entire arena.

With the Sacred Dragon Sword in hand, Qin Sheng took the lead!

If he was with these girls, he would choke to death even if he didn't die from anger!

"Follow me!"

Looking at Qin Luo's back view, the girls looked at each other in dismay. Thinking back to their own regiment commander's words, Versailles, they subconsciously wanted to refute. However, they did not know how to refute.

‘ I think so.’

That made a lot of sense!

His regiment commander was a monster. Forget about the Nightmare Mode, even clearing the Abyss Mode was as easy as eating and drinking!

“Ever since the instance dungeon’s system was completed, within the appropriate level range, it would appear that all of the official instance dungeons’ guild mode and personal mode, the first clear reward, were all taken by that hateful man!

Now.

It was just a Level 60 dungeon’s Nightmare Mode. What was it?

That man was now Level 74!

The absolute suppression of levels could not be said to be invincible, but the difficulty was greatly reduced. It could not be refuted!

Five Poisons Divine Sect.

Outside the altar!

Poisonous path!

It was a colorful scene!

Qin Luo's Heavenly Eye swept over. Although there was no expression on his face, his heart was in turmoil and he almost vomited.

As a normal person who did not have an intensive phobia, the sight of all sorts of poisonous substances intertwining with one another was simply indescribable.

Facing this situation!

Qin Luo was instantly in trouble!

This person was small, but each and every one of them was poisonous and dense. Would a Berserker like him dare to attack?

Perhaps, these fellows might not be able to do anything to him at all. Even if they stood on the spot and allowed their attacks to land on him, they wouldn't be able to kill him!

However, even though he could not kill them, he could disgust them to death!

Without hesitation.

Qin Luo snapped his fingers.

Instantly.

The dragon might was overwhelming, as if the sky was falling!

"Xiaoxiao, time to work!"