Chapter 971: Poisonous Trail, The Adversity Of Lightning Mages

"Ah…"

Screams filled the air.

The girl walked up to Qin Luo and stood shoulder to shoulder. When she saw the colorful scene in front of her, the primeval force burst forth and released a sound wave attack that was even more terrifying than the Lion's Roar!

Instantly.

Qin Qin was deaf!

Damn it!

What high-tech weapon?

Why can't I hear anything?

"Stop shouting!"

Qin Luo flew into a rage and roared in the team channel, "What are you guys afraid of? Fake, fake, fake! Do you understand virtual data? If you're really not used to it, adjust the five senses system yourself!—Xiaoxiao, burn them!"

Xiaoxiao was also shocked by the girls' screams. When she heard Qin Sheng's words, she rolled her eyes in a very human manner. Then, she opened her dragon mouth wide and began to breathe out dragon breath!

Five poisons creatures feared fire the most!

"You, stop screaming!" Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Five Poisons that were flying around randomly under the little dragon's breath. The crackling sound of the fire indicated that he was very comfortable. He wanted to have a good time too, but he did not want to enter the pile of poison monsters and let the Sacred Dragon Sword be stained with the disgusting green poison. Hence, he grabbed Mu Mu and said, "You're a fire-type mage. You naturally restrain these guys. Attack, GKD!"

"I'm scared!"

Little Chili, who had always been fearless, was shivering at this moment. She gripped her magic staff with both hands until her knuckles turned white. With a cowering look, she asked Qin Luo to watch Qin Ting!

Oh!

There's actually something that Miss Mumu is afraid of?

Seriously…

Awesome!

Record it! Record it!

If you dare to go against me in the future, I'll show you this dark history of crying, shivering, and pouting!

"Everyone, don't be afraid! Although these guys are a little disgusting, they are just ordinary poisonous creatures and not mutants. They are very brittle!"

Qin Luo said, "There's no need for melee combat to come up and interact with them. All long-range combatants, get moving. Don't you guys need to familiarize yourselves with your abilities and test your own strength? Now, such a good target is right in front of you. Why aren't you guys moving?"

A few words!

He finally managed to calm the girls down.

Maybe.

It was also because they had adjusted the five senses system. It was said that when it reached its limit, especially for minors, all the disgusting things would no longer exist in their eyes because they would become beautified versions or cartoon versions. Not to mention ugly and disgusting, they might even be quite cute!

“Exploding Flame!”

"Split Arrow!"

"Cursed Rain!"

"Ten Thousand Great Thunderbolt!"

"…"

Now that he had resolved his psychological problems, those poisonous creatures were just a dish for him to manipulate!

In the entire team, other than Qin Luo Sheng himself, his avatar Desert Dust, Ghost Swordsman Little Vegetable, Holy Light Priest Cyan Silk, everyone else was attacking. Even Summoner Beauty Su You Ran had summoned her own Summoned Beasts to attack together!

He swept and pushed!

Poisonous path!

Ten minutes!

"So powerful! The power of the magic has increased by a lot. Moreover, the flames are not the ordinary flames of a normal fire mage. It has been strengthened by a lot. In the future, it can even devour and fuse with other stronger flames to increase the temperature, lethality, range, and so on. At a certain level, it can even allow the profession to evolve!"

"Me too, the power of the Commandment of Curses is so terrifying! In the past, Dark Priests could only weaken curses and fight for support. As for the Ring of Darkness, not only has its support abilities become stronger, it also has quite a number of offensive skills. Even though its power is not comparable to a real mage, it is not much weaker. Furthermore, its attack has a special effect. It is really too strong! Is this a hidden job?"

"Elven archers are indeed the favorites of nature! This accuracy, this shooting power, this shooting range, and this powerful skill are all-rounded! Although it's still the same as ordinary archers, it's all-rounded in all the major professions, but it's not precise. However, it's precisely because of this that there's no such thing as other hidden professions with outstanding abilities. Instead, it's a comprehensive improvement. It's too terrifying!"

"…"

Everyone had violent tendencies in their hearts, and girls were no exception!

Now.

After a series of violent killings, they were killed. They were no longer trembling like before. Instead, they became extremely excited. Their eyes were so excited that they were looking for monsters. One by one, they expressed that the weapons in their hands were unbearably hungry!

"Cat, do you like thunder mages?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the slightly disappointed cat at the side. For some reason, a trace of pity arose in this timid little girl's heart.

"I… I don't know!"

The cat raised its head and glanced at Qin Luo. When it saw the concern in Qin Luo's eyes, its face turned red. It lowered its head hurriedly and answered with a voice as soft as a mosquito.

"Cat has a sharp mind and was originally the commander of our team. Don't look at how weak she is. She is the Goddess of Studying and has an IQ of more than 200. A large part of the reason why our team has such achievements today is because of Cat!"

Indigo Collar walked over and patted Cat's head. He said lovingly, "If not for Cat's arrangements, planning, and tactics, we wouldn't have been able to clear so many dungeons and complete so many missions. We lost so much time playing games and still managed to reach the first level!"

"Then, why did you choose a lightning mage?"

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

Thunder mages were undoubtedly the most destructive mages in elemental magic, and their damage was even more terrifying than fire mages. Of course, in terms of range, they could not compare to fire mages!

Yet.

The damage done by a thunder mage was in place, but there was a price to pay!

When thunder mages cast thunder magic, their health points would be deducted correspondingly along with the strength and range of the magic cast!

That's right.

Lightning mages were the legendary kryptonite mages!

Luckily, this was a f*cking virtual world, a virtual game. If it was real, even if you were given this ability, would you dare to use it?

One use, one paywall, one life!

Sacrificing his own life as the price was simply too much!

Still.

This was a huge taboo in the game and in virtual battles!

Mages were weak to begin with. If you used magic and lost your HP, wouldn't you be in danger at all times, constantly testing the boundaries of death?

Another thing.

Lightning mages had another fatal weakness!

If one did not have enough health points, even if they had mana, they would not be able to cast spells!

Small spells were not particularly important, but large spells were not!

Some large-scale spells, such as Forbidden Spells, might cause you to lose your life, but you are not qualified to use them because your total health points are not enough to activate them!

That was as good as a jerk!