Chapter 976: Inner Sect Disciple, Core Disciple, Five Poisons Hall

"Thankfully, there are no more disgusting biochemical poisoners here!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked left and right. As far as he could see, he did not find those disgusting guys covered in green mucus. He heaved a sigh of relief. "Those pathetic biochemical weapons can deal with ordinary people, but to be able to kill experts here, biochemical toxins are completely trash! These elite disciples are probably more focused on improving themselves, and not refining those unorthodox methods that value external objects!"

Although he had guessed it, Qin Sheng felt that this reason should be close to the mark!

There were very few elite disciples. Compared to the total number of outer sect disciples, there were at least four to five hundred. There were only about a hundred elite disciples!

Without the biochemical poisoner to disgust people, Qin Luo and the others were not so resistant either!

Although he could still kill in a straight line and charge straight into the highest level with the shortest distance to clear this dungeon, there was no need!

Since they were here to familiarize themselves with the Instance Dungeon and familiarize themselves with their abilities, it was good to fight more battles!

So.

Next, Qin Sheng lured a bunch of monsters over and together with Xiaoxiao, they quickly exterminated them to increase their efficiency!

As for the group of girls, they formed their own troops and worked together. Not only could they cultivate chemistry, but they could also familiarize themselves with their abilities. It was killing two birds with one stone!

As for danger?

What a joke!

It was just a Bronze-grade BOSS. Did he really think that the girl was an idiot?

After all, he was a first-rate player!

It was not unheard of to defeat an Ancient BOSS. What was Bronze?

Besides.

Qin Qin Sheng had even arranged for Desert Dust to handle the situation there. Nothing would happen!

A sweep.

The elite disciples had all fallen!

This time.

The spoils of war were not spared.

Still.

It was only a Bronze-tier Boss. At most, it would drop Gold equipment. Furthermore, the Gold equipment that dropped was of the lowest grade. Its attributes and characteristics were the worst. No one present took a fancy to it. They just treated it as their spare time playing around!

It was the same for other miscellaneous goods. They were not lacking in anything. They could do whatever they wanted!

After dealing with the elite disciples.

They continued upward.

Above elite disciples were inner disciples. Level 64. Grade: Silver Boss!

The attributes were stronger, but skills were similar.

Since he had already figured it out, what was the point of playing the hammer?

Another round of beating!

Completely annihilated!

After the inner disciples came the core disciples!

This was interesting!

Level 65 Silver Boss Enhancement!

His attributes were extraordinary and his skills were not bad!

As for the number, it was around 50!

The girls, who had gradually become familiar with their own strength, except for the healer, Azuresilk, all started to fight one-on-one. Even Nainai, the Dark Priest, was the same!

Qin Luo Sheng let them be!

However, it was just strengthening silver. They could deal with it!

This time.

Qin Luo Sheng really did not care about them!

If they couldn't even defeat a Silver Boss, it would be an insult to their hidden jobs and their strength as first-tier players!

Fortunately.

The victory of his entire team, and with such ease, had greatly comforted Qin Luo!

After the core disciples, Qin Luo Sheng and the others had already arrived at the mid to high levels of the Five Poisons Divine Cult. They were not far from the topmost altar!

Five Poisons Hall!

After passing through the area guarded by core disciples, they finally arrived at the Five Poisons Hall area that was frequently mentioned in the introduction!

This was a level!

In front of them were five buildings with a plaque that read: Poisonous Snake Hall, Spider Hall, Centipede Hall, Toad Hall, Poisonous Scorpion Hall!

However…

Simple!

"Looks like it's the challenge mode again!"

There was nothing to say.

After experiencing so much, who could not tell that this was the hurdle?

Only by breaking through the five halls and defeating the BOSS inside would they be able to proceed to the next stage. They would make way and continue advancing upwards!

"Don't worry, it's just Nightmare Mode. The Boss of Five Poisons Hall is probably at most Gold. It's just trash!"

Qin Luo Sheng consoled the worried girls.

Although he could do it alone, what was the point of establishing a mercenary group? To nurture his own forces!

It wasn't easy for him to rope in a group of beautiful and capable ladies. Furthermore, all of them were fair, rich, and beautiful. They had even given up their hidden occupations. Now, he was spending time to nurture them and improve their combat skills and combat skills. If he were to mess with them here, wouldn't he be unable to even cry?

"We're not afraid of the BOSS, we're afraid…"

When she heard Qin Luo say such things about Versailles and such a straightforward man, all the girls looked at each other speechlessly.

"Just be careful. When I'm a MT, you don't have to be afraid of OT. If I don't OT, I won't attack you. You just need to attack from afar!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not an idiot, so he naturally understood what the young ladies meant.

Closely.

I still haven't gotten used to it!

Understand!

It was normal for girls to be afraid of snakes, insects, rats, and ants.

This Five Poisons Divine Sect was indeed a little scary. Not to mention girls, even men would definitely be frightened!

Actions prove determination!

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste any more words and strode towards the nearest Poison Scorpion Hall!

Compared to the other five poisons, scorpions were indeed slightly more acceptable!

Cold, hissing, coiling venomous snakes; furry spiders with many eyes, hunting with webs; slippery and loud toads with holes all over their bodies; centipedes with hundred feet, compound eyes, and poisonous weapons!

These.

It really made one's scalp tingle!

If a short man were to pick a general, Scorpion was really a big shot in terms of looks!

Starting from Scorpion, it was a step-by-step process for the girls to accept. He believed that with their upbringing, they should be able to adapt quickly!

He stepped into the Poisonous Scorpion Hall.

A cold wind blew, and Qin Luo's eyes immediately turned cold!

The atmosphere here was clearly different from outside.

If it was just a small fight before, now, it was most likely the official test. It was also the beginning of the Five Poisons Divine Sect’s vicious claws!

"Eat the Scorching Sun Pill!"

The air was filled with an unpleasant and pungent smell. Even Qin Sheng, who had a good resistance to poison, started to feel uncomfortable and his health points were decreasing!

He swallowed a Scorching Sun Pill!

Instantly, he felt much better, and his health points decreased and also stopped instantly!

"The environment is too unfavorable. We have to end this quickly!"

Although there was only one door between the inner room and the outside world, they were two different worlds.

The outside world was vast. Even though the Five Poisons Divine Sect was built within the valley and the airflow was not smooth, allowing the poisonous fog to envelop it and not dissipate easily, it could not stop the flow of the airflow in the world from slowly dissipating and disintegrating. It could cause the poisonous fog to exist and fill the entire valley. Other than using some special methods, it was formed over countless years!

But.

A mountain valley was very large. It was located between heaven and earth. It was extremely open. However, how narrow was a house and a palace?

If one wanted to use poison in such a sealed off land, let alone experts like the Five Poisons Divine Sect, even those who were skilled in this Dao could do so!

In such an unfavorable environment, he still needed to rely on pills to relieve himself. Even if it was Qin Sheng, the pressure was multiplied and he did not dare to waste any more time!