Chapter 979: Mu Mu'S Mentality Changes, Thousand Year Old Scorpion Reveals His Ultimate Technique

"Forget it, it's just a Gold-tier Boss. It's not worth me using my trump card. I'll just beat it to death!"

Desert Dust successfully climbed up. He rode on the back of the Thousand Year Old Scorpion and began to crazily use the Abyssal Hands to leave behind bloody scars. Below, Qin Sheng wasn't willing to be outdone either. He wielded the Sacred Dragon Sword and released golden sword qi.

Even though holy flames could restrain darkness, it was an extremely masculine energy that belonged to both the light and the sun. It was extremely special.

Coincidentally.

The Thousand Year Old Scorpion was a poisonous creature to begin with. It did not have the qualifications to be an extreme yin or evil creature. However, it was also one of those things and was greatly restrained.

The sword energy that carried the aura of Sacred Flame landed on the Thousand Year Old Scorpion’s body, causing sparks to fly as it fiercely burned like maggots in one’s bones. The pain it felt was not any worse than the Abyssal Hands that blocked out the pain.

“How fierce!”

Seeing Qin Luo's fierce attacks on the ground, Desert Dust rode on the thousand year old scorpion and beat it up. There was also a small restriction in the air. The three armies were prepared, sea, land, and air. The mutated scorpions, which were several stories tall, could not find North. They could only wail endlessly. In addition, their furious and incompetent attacks caused the surrounding piles of bones to collapse. The entire battlefield was incomparably chaotic!

"Is this the Weeping Soul Beast?"

A group of girls who were watching from the side were intoxicated. Their eyes were filled with splendor, admiration, and confusion… All of them were staring fixedly at the man present. His dark eyes were filled with his figure and nothing else.

A Gold-tier Boss was nothing to these A-list and S-list girls. They could fight one-on-one even if they used all their trump cards!

Except.

Due to their classes, apart from Little Vegetable, who was a Ghostblade, they were slightly better off. The other girls were, after all, long-ranged. DPS wasn't their forte. DPS was their greatest ability!

So.

One on one might work, but there was a high chance of failure!

In short,

It was a 50-50 situation!

‘ Of course.’

It depended on the battlefield environment and many other factors, especially what an enhanced Gold Boss was!

If it was this thousand-year-old scorpion!

Ahem.

Then let's just wash up and sleep!

Wouldn't it be nice to find a Shield Specialist to resist and attack him from behind?

Why did he have to go up and fight him one-on-one, only to be chased like a stray dog?

"He's getting stronger!"

At this moment, Mu Mu had also restrained her little chili personality, which did not match her usual carefree manner of sighing faintly.

As a veteran of the Beginner's Village and Weeping Soul was lucky enough to be in the same team, Mu Mu had the right to speak!

Although he did not see Weeping Soul rise step by step, he was not too far off. Every time he met this man, he would bring about terrifying changes. That improvement made people despair!

Not long ago, only Weeping Soul was very strong!

But now?

Not only was it stronger, but it was also ridiculously strong. With a terrifying avatar and a terrifying pet, it also stood up. Such coordination made even a mutant beast like the thousand-year-old scorpion unable to fight back. It couldn't even touch the corner of his clothes. It was too terrifying!

It wasn't just her doppelgangers and pets. Didn't they also benefit from it?

Not only did he get a hidden job for free, but his level had also risen by 10 levels, surpassing the second place on the original rankings. His entire team was second only to this man!

How terrifying was this?

If it was in the past, she would not have looked down on Weeping Soul Beast, who was obviously a straight guy. But now, she was convinced. It was not that she looked down on him, but he had the right to ignore her, the little princess, the proud daughter of heaven!

So what if she was the daughter of an aristocratic family?

So what if she was the only daughter of the richest man in Beijing?

The level of Weeping Soul Technique had already reached a level where even the country had to pay attention to it. Especially now that the Martial Arts Conference had been held, the level of importance would increase by several folds!

Once they won the Martial Arts Tournament, Weeping Soul Beast would become a hero, a national hero. At that time, it would shine brightly and illuminate China. It would be at the top of the world. At least in the virtual world of the Fated World, who could be better than it?

At that time!

Everything she was proud of was just a joke!

Fortunately.

She got into the car and got into the car with her best friend, Sister Qing Si!

It was great to have a connection with such a man!

"…"

His attack power had been reduced by 30% by Hunting Tiger, and he had also been terrified for five seconds. He had been beaten up violently for five seconds, and his health points had dropped like flowing water. The Thousand Year Old Scorpion was incompetent and furious, but there was nothing he could do to Qin Sheng.

Desert Dust was nailed to his back like a nail, unable to break free!

Needless to say, Xiaoxiao was still in the air. The magic bombardment did not stop for even a moment, showing the capabilities of the magic artillery!

Qin Sheng himself, who was on the ground, sent out sword qi one after another, slashing at least three times a second. And that was under his ferocious attack!

Terrifying!

Terrifying!

The thousand-year old scorpion stopped pretending. It no longer dared to pretend. It waved its giant pincers crazily and smashed down ferociously. The overwhelming force that was like a landslide not only created huge craters on the ground, but also caused the surrounding mountains of bones to collapse. The bones were either broken, shattered, or even turned into powder under the tremendous force.

But.

It was useless!

Although the force was strong, if it could not hit, what use was it?

"Sharp teeth!"

Moving quickly, the thousand year old scorpion gave up its defense for the first time. It opened its middle gate and allowed the golden flames to hit its body. It moved forward quickly and used its injuries to attack.

"Death Acupuncture!"

At the same time.

The enormous tail that had been wagging behind its back began to move. The sharp barbs stabbed towards Desert Dust, who seemed to have taken root behind it.

"Aiyo, I'm getting anxious!"

Qin Luo smiled. "Using two skills at the same time, are you trying to capture me and Desert Dust in one fell swoop? How naive!"

“Shadow Escape!”

With a flash, Qin Sheng teleported 10 meters away with the help of Shadow Escape!

"Ice Skin!"

Qin Luo Sheng could move freely on the ground. Of course, he could go in and out indifferently, back and forth. If he were to dodge the attacks now, he could just kill his way up later!

Yet.

Desert Dust didn't have wings (Clones shared skills, but they didn't have equipment, so they each had their own). Without Qin Luo's Rising Dragon Soars the Soul, he couldn't fly. He had to rely on the Triple Eagle Stamp to borrow strength from the air to get on the back of the Thousand Year Old Scorpion. If he could avoid getting off, it was best not to. That was the safest place with the highest damage!

Ice Skin!

His HP doubled, his defense doubled, and he recovered to his peak state in an instant!

Swoosh!

With a terrifying poison and Instant Kill effect, the Thousand Year Scorpion's ultimate move easily hit Desert Dust!

"Ah…"

Seeing Desert Dust's chest pierced by the giant pincers, the girls couldn't help but scream!

The situation that had been stable until now suddenly became chaotic!