Chapter 978: Mutant Boss

"Stay where you are and pay attention to your surroundings. This must be the Boss' lair, but we are not sure if there are any small monsters. Be careful and don't get ambushed!"

With that,

Qin Luo Sheng activated his half-baked concealment skill. His body disappeared into the air as he slowly groped his way forward.

There.

There was a huge fluctuation.

It was definitely the boss guarding the Poisonous Scorpion Hall, a Poisonous Scorpion that was at least Gold Strengthening!

Indeed.

Qin Luo carefully made his way through a mountain of bones. Behind him was a gigantic scorpion that was five storeys tall, resting on its stomach. It entered his sight!

[Thousand Year Old Scorpion (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 67

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 2500000

Physical Attack: 180,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 100,000

Magic Defense: 70000

Speed: 23,000

Skills: [Giant Pincer Smash] [Sharp Tooth Bite] [Death Claw]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: The beloved pet of the first sect master of the Five Poisons Divine Sect. With it as one of the five great foundations, the Five Poisons Divine Sect was established that struck fear into the hearts of countless people. It was originally a scorpion with a variant poisonous scorpion bloodline. After being fed with various poisonous objects and consuming a large amount of blood, it gradually evolved and returned to its original state. Its bloodline was already similar to its ancestor. Its entire body was as hard as metal, its movements were as fast as the wind, and its strength was boundless. The pincers on its tail were the ultimate poison of all poisons. Even if a divine being was struck by it, it would not be able to escape death.

A thousand-year-old scorpion?

It was indeed the bloodline of an ancient beast!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the feedback of the Heavenly Eye and was both shocked and furious!

This guy.

After living for a thousand years, he must have become a spirit.

It was indeed worthy of being an old poisonous creature with a mutated bloodline. It had even managed to kill the first sect master of the Five Poisons Divine Cult. It could be said that it was one of the Five Poisons Divine Cult’s ancestors!

Everything else aside.

Looking at the mountain of bones around him, it was obvious that there was a lot of blood food!

After eating, she slept. After sleeping, she ate.

Apart from being a mascot, it was also the Five Poisons Divine Sect's trump card, the sect's treasure.

Besides.

There were four others like this thousand-year-old scorpion in the four neighboring halls!

Tsk!

"The Five Poison Hall is only a middle or high-level organization. The Boss has already reached the level of Gold Enhancement. Going higher, it will definitely be even higher. This is only the Nightmare Mode. Once it's the Abyss, it will be strengthened again. In other words, the Thousand Year Old Scorpion will definitely become an Epic." Qin Luo's eyes narrowed. "It seems that this Level 60 dungeon, Five Poison Cult, is the same as the Level 50 dungeon, Land of Curse. The waters are very deep!"

Qin Luo Sheng would never forget that a true mighty figure existed in the cursed land!

Immortal Starseizer!

This guy was extremely savage.

He had almost been unable to defeat Qin Sheng even when he had used all his trump cards. If this fellow hadn't courted death by linking the galaxy and drawing upon the power of the stars in an attempt to annihilate Qin Sheng, and instead been countered by Qin Sheng's innate SSS talent, the Lord of the Stars, it was really hard to say who would have won!

The Land of Curses was only a level 50 dungeon, but this Five Poisons Divine Sect was a level 60 dungeon!

Even though the bosses in dungeons should not be compared with levels.

After all.

When you were around level 50, you would enter a level 50 dungeon. When you were around level 60, you would enter a level 60 dungeon. You had leveled up, so had I. The difficulty should be the same!

Except.

The dungeons were different!

The cursed land was still considered normal. Other than Immortal Starseizer being truly ferocious and able to draw upon the power of the stars and place the battlefield in the void of the universe, everything else was quite ordinary!

However, the Five Poisons Divine Sect was different!

There was poison everywhere and traps everywhere. Every place was filled with strangeness…

For a normal person like Qin Sheng, this was a lot more difficult!

It was similar to a business that cost 100 million.

If you were to do it in a country with excellent business opportunities and no need to consider your safety, it would be completely different from the warring and economically backward generation of the Middle East. The difficulty level would be on a completely different level!

"We don't know where this type of BOSS will be affected by the battle. Be careful and don't get hurt by AOE."

Qin Luo Sheng warned in the team channel, "Although it's only Nightmare Mode, the probability of this guy's attack on the map is very low, we still have to guard against it. It's fine if it's anything else, but the crux is that this guy's attack contains poison. If the special effects antidote pill doesn't work, then we can only wait for death!"

Upon hearing that,

The girls who had been itching to take action became much more cautious!

The girls were cautious, but Qin Sheng would not!

With the Ultimate Healing Technique and Second-Wood Resuscitation, as well as the [Holy Body], which was a super limitation skill, how could a thousand-year poisonous scorpion be considered a hammer?

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

"Demon Sword Technique!"

"Magic conversion!"

A mere Gold Boss was not worth Qin Sheng using too many skills!

“Divine Elephant!”

"Ethereal Steps!"

"Stainless!"

Qin Luo had activated his own amplification skill, and he hadn't forgotten to activate it for Desert Dust!

It was a divine elephant that could increase one's strength and attack. It could create illusions and increase one's speed greatly with Ethereal Steps. It was a skill that could be immune to any debuff and not be affected by any negative skills!

"Triple Eagle Stomp!”

Qin Luo, who was multitasking, controlled his real body to quickly charge towards the Thousand Year Old Scorpion. The violent battle intent and malevolent killing intent instantly woke the Thousand Year Old Scorpion up. It raised a pair of huge pincers and waved them over.

"Little fellow, you've been tricked!"

The Thousand Year Old Scorpion's actions coincided with Qin's desire to ascend!

The reason why he had set up such a large formation and not to rely on stealth to get close to the scorpion was to attract its attention!

This…

The thousand year old scorpion's pincers attacked the Weeping Soul Beast. Then, Desert Dust, who had been freed, had nothing to fear. He stomped on the ground and used the Triple Eagle Stomp. The loud cry of an eagle resounded throughout the entire Poison Scorpion Hall!

Pa! Pa! Pa!

His feet seemed to step on air, creating a vibrating sound. Desert Dust's body jumped three times in the air, easily landing on the back of the thousand year old scorpion!

"Sly Dao—Claw Form!"

Even though the Fist Emperor was formidable, he was still a little lacking when compared to a monster like the thousand year old scorpion. Even if he had the strength of a divine elephant, it was still too difficult for him to use his fist to strike the thousand year old scorpion’s skin that was as thick as metal and break it apart, and even cause the internal organs to vibrate.

Fortunately.

The Hand of Abyss had two forms!

Without any hesitation, Qin Luo Sheng switched to the Deviant Path, from a fist to a sharp claw!

If the strength was insufficient to break the skin, flesh, tendons, bones, and other heavily protected bodies and injure the internal organs, then there was no need to do so much. He would just let you suffer superficial wounds!

After all, it was the Hand of the Abyss, a Mythical mutated weapon. Although the thousand-year-old scorpion's skin was thick, it was very difficult to resist its claws!

It might not be able to cause any serious injuries, but it was extremely easy to cut open the skin and damage the blood vessels!

In other words, Qin Sheng did not want to use Blood Boiling. Otherwise, with this move and the ability to control blood, he could quickly drain the blood of the thousand-year old scorpion. At that time, no matter how much health it had or how strong its vitality was, without blood in its body, it would be judged as dead!