Chapter 984: Five Poisons Cult Elder: Five Poisons Supremacy

"Are there more fearless Dao Guards coming?"

Qin Luo Sheng had just stepped into the main hall when a sinister voice rang out by his ears. He turned around and saw an old man with triangular eyes sitting upright in the main hall, looking at him with a cold gaze.

“That’s right! He’s still a young man. Who would’ve thought that the ones who came to my Five Poisons Divine Sect this time would be young geniuses?”

The triangular eyed elder said again, "You actually managed to pass all the trials and kill your way to the core of my Five Poisons Divine Sect. It's truly amazing that you came before me. Unfortunately—"

Qin Qin Sheng continued, "What's a pity?"

"It's a pity that such a genius will die in my hands today!"

The triangular-eyed elder said calmly with victory in his hands, "If the sect and forces behind you know that a training experience actually caused a talented person like you to die prematurely, do you think they will be angered to death?"

"Are you that confident?"

Qin Luo could not help but sneer. What sect? What power? It was truly the most fatal form of imagination. "How can you guarantee that you will definitely win against me? Since I can slaughter my way all the way from the outer circle of your Five Poisons Divine Sect to here, how can I do it if I don't have any ability? Who knows, I might even be able to slaughter you like I'm slaughtering chickens and dogs!"

"Hahahaha…" The triangular eyed elder laughed. "You sure are boasting, kid! At this point, I'm not afraid to tell you that when you step onto this altar, your life is already gone!"

Qin Luo frowned deeply.

This.

‘ What do you mean?’

Could it be that this altar was some great vicious formation?

Impossible!

When he used his Heavenly Eye just now, there was no abnormality!

Could it be…

Was this guy playing mind games to scare people?

Hmm!

It was not possible!

Still.

So be it!

In front of absolute strength, what tricks could he play?

If it was the Abyss Mode, he would still have to be wary. What was a mere nightmare?

Besides.

Now that I'm Level 74, you're at most Level 70. Why would I be afraid of you?

"Cut the crap. Bring it on!"

This was the Poison Cave, the Poisonous Ground. Qin Sheng did not dare to stay here for too long. This old fellow before him was clearly putting on airs and stalling for time. Qin Sheng knew this very well.

What a joke!

Having lived for so many years, how could he be like a young man who didn't know his place and liked to show off?

No matter what he did, there was a deeper meaning!

It was impossible for him to say it without thinking.

Benefits.

This was an eternal topic!

Qin Luo Sheng could not guess much, but one thing was certain—this guy was trying to stall for time so that he could inhale even more poisonous fog. The poison would be even deeper and he would definitely not run away!

"Hur! You're not the only one!"

Just as Qin Luo Sheng and the triangular eyed old man were about to fight, the group of people with azure hair following behind them also entered the hall. Seeing so many people, especially the young and beautiful girls, the triangular eyed old man's eyes instantly lit up.

"Hahahaha… The heavens are really helping me! This old one is living in the Serpent God Hall. Even though I have disciples to worship me, this is the first time I've seen such a top-grade furnace in so many years. Furthermore, it's a large group of them. This old one is really lucky!"

All dragons and snakes were lecherous!

Although Qin Luo Sheng did not know what kind of person this old man with triangular eyes was, the building he guarded was in the shape of a snake and his eyes were the triangular eyes of a snake!

Needless to say.

Even if it wasn't a mutated snake in human form, it had cultivated a cultivation technique related to the snake race!

"Shameless old man, bah!"

The triangular eyed old man did not have any scruples. He spoke very loudly, so naturally, the girls heard him. Everyone present, except for a pure person like Cat, was a veteran. They instantly understood!

Cauldron!

That was the most disrespectful title. It was the same for both men and women!

This meant that it wanted to humiliate one’s body and mind. Not only would it be a double blow, but it would also use one as a tool to crazily plunder everything from one’s body. Thus, the fate of a furnace was to be seized and killed. Whether it was essence energy, flesh, blood, or anything else, in the highest depths of the furnace, even one’s soul might be absorbed. This was an extremely vicious method!

The original Great Dao of Yin and Yang was a genuine divine power and Daoist technique. Through the convergence of Yin and Yang, Yin and Yang complemented each other, and it could allow both parties to obtain great benefits. Not only would their cultivation improve, but they would also be able to obtain pleasure in the mind and body. It was killing two birds with one stone!

But.

The man was different.

The lighter part was harvesting. If a person harvested benefits, the person who was harvested would lose their vital yin or vital yang. If it was light, they would be weakened for life. If it was serious, their lifespan would be greatly reduced. They might even die on the spot!

The heavier part was being used as a furnace. Even dying normally was a luxury!

“What a bunch of disobedient little girls!” Seeing the furious attacks flying towards him, the triangular eyed old man sneered. He finally stood up and was ready to make a move. “Fine, I’ll subdue all of you later. When I harvest you, I want to see if you’re still as tough as you are now!”

"Is it coming?"

Qin Luo Sheng had long since gripped the Sacred Dragon Sword tightly. At the same time, his consciousness split into two. He controlled his expressionless avatar, Desert Dust, and waited for the Triangular-eyed Old Man to come down. He would immediately take action!

Heavenly Eye, open!

When the Triangular-eyed Old Man got closer and entered the effective range, Qin Sheng activated his Heavenly Eye without hesitation to observe his attributes!

[Five Poisons Cult Elder: Five Poisons Venerable [Elder Snake] (Epic Boss)]

Level: 68

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 6500000

Physical Attack: 200000

Magic Attack: 85000

Physical Defense: 100,000

Magic Defense: 80,000

Speed: 30000

Skills: Poison Swamp, Myriad Snake Formation, Mutated Serpent Transformation

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: Five Poisons Divine Sect’s Elder, the strongest person under the Cult Master’s command. He is known as Five Poisons Venerable and is well-versed in poison techniques. Poison is invisible and formless. It is enough to cause a person to be struck by a strange poison without even noticing it. From then on, he is at the mercy of others. He has signed a contract with the Blackwater Snake, a Five Poisons Mutated Beast bred by the Five Poisons Divine Sect’s Cult Master. After obtaining its poison core’s qi and heart’s poisonous blood, he can refine a poison pill and swallow it. From then on, he will become an existence that is half human and half snake. At the critical moment, he can transform into a snake body to fight. His strength is extremely formidable.

Oh!

A level 68 Ancient BOSS!

Not bad!

Still.

That was it!

How dare he spout such nonsense with just this little bit of strength? This daddy here is really laughing to death!

Looks like…

He had stayed in this godforsaken place for too long. He had been worshiped for too long and had not seen the real world outside for too long. He was still influenced by his old way of thinking. He thought he was invincible, but he was actually a fool!

Forget it!

I'll teach you a good lesson today!

‘ This isn’t your true strength. It doesn’t matter. If there’s a chance, I’ll take a walk in the abyss mode. At that time, I’ll deal with these crazy words of yours. You want to use my harem as your furnace?’

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

Dense light flashed, and a tiny dragon body appeared in the hall that was filled with evil.

“What?”

A vast dragon might swept out, causing the smile on Old Snake's face to change drastically!

Having absorbed the Blackwater Dark Snake's poisonous core energy and his heart's poisonous blood, and also cultivating the Snake Clan's cultivation technique, he was half human and half snake. Under the suppression of the Dragon Clan's might, his entire body seemed to be suppressed by Mount Tai!

"True Dragon? How is this possible?"