Chapter 987: Return Of [Two-Handed Mastery], Increase In Strength

Comfortable!

Qin Qin Sheng had already expected that the Sky High Shield was not simple, but he had not expected it to be this remarkable!

There was no need to mention the enhancement of the four basic attributes and the five special attributes. He understood everything!

Physique + 1000 and Tenacity + 20. How heartless!

Elemental Resistance, Physical Magic, and Spirit damage reduction were also remarkable!

Needless to say, Elemental Resistance did not need to be mentioned. The three attributes of Magic and Mana meant that if they were attacked in the future, they would receive 30%, 30% and 50% less damage. This greatly increased their survivability. They were indeed Shield Specialists!

As for skills…

[Tenacity] Passive. Depending on one's tenacity, weakening the effects of restrictive skills and control skills had a chance of completely immunity!

[Perfect Resistance] Passive. It is related to magic. When using a shield to block an attack, as long as the shield blocks the skill, the damage will be reduced by 50-80%. There is a chance of perfectly blocking the damage and 100% immunity to the skill's damage! (Perfect Resistance is related to the usage and angle of the shield.)

[Absolute Parry] was passive. It was related to physics. When using a shield to parry, as long as the shield blocked the weapon, it would reduce 50-80% of the damage. There was a certain chance of absolute parry. 100% parry the weapon without getting injured! (Absolute Parry was related to the way the shield was used and the angle of the attack.)

[Two-Handed Proficiency] Passive. It could use two one-handed weapons at the same time and increase the maximum ability of the weapon by 20%! (For example, one-handed sword, one-handed shield, two-handed sword and two-handed shield are not included. The greatest ability is to increase the defense of the shield if it is a shield. If it is a weapon, it will add physical or magical attacks.)

[Endless Taunt] consumes 1,000 mana points. Taunts all targets within the maximum 50 meters radius, attracting absolute aggro and forcing them to attack with you as the target! Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 3 minutes! (The range can be adjusted by itself. When the skill is cast, Defense + 50%. Can move, but cannot move.)

[Berserk Shield Attack] consumes 3,000 mana. Use the shield to attack a single target, dealing 200% damage and knocking them out for 3 seconds. If the target's strength is weaker than yours, the knockout effect will be extended to 5 seconds! Cooldown: 1 minute!

[Advance Retreat] consumes 3000 mana. Effect 1: Advance. To be able to attack within a maximum 20-meter radius, you must have a target and the target must be hostile. Deals 150% strength damage. Cooldown: 1 minute. Effect 2: Retreat. To be able to defend within a maximum 20-meter radius, you must have a target and the target must be a teammate. The defense of the target increases 20% dual defense and 10% physical magic resistance! Cooldown: 1 minute!

[Hard Shield Wall] consumed 3,000 mana points. He erected the shield in front of him and formed a shield wall. Physical Defense + 200%, Magic Resistance + 50%. Cooldown: 3 minutes!

[Omnidirectional Invincibility] consumed 5000 mana points, jumped up, and used the shield to bombard the ground. The powerful force caused the ground to crack, and with himself as the center, ten waves of air spread out, causing X (X as his own strength * 10 * Class Advancement times) to deal damage. It had a Crippling effect, knockback effect. Cooldown: 1 hour!

[Atlas] consumes 10,000 mana. Atlas can control the sky. This is an exclusive skill of the Atlas Shield (job name). It cannot be activated unless it is the Atlas Shield (shield name). After activating this skill, the user will use their own abilities and spirit to form a shield wall. The specific size and defensive capabilities are unknown! Duration: Unknown. Cooldown: 24 hours!

"Hiss…"

Qin Sheng could not help but gasp when he finished reading all the skills of the Sky High Shield in one go.

Damn it!

Wasn't that too cruel?

Was a Shield Specialist that impressive?

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was too stupid!

I was too ignorant!

How could he despise her?

Disgusting

Ah!

If I had known that the Atlas Shield was so powerful, I would have changed my job long ago!

"I'm rich!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were shining!

This class, this stats, this skill…

If anyone else saw this, they would definitely faint from happiness.

Even a noob would be extremely excited after changing his job and obtaining the exclusive set of the Atlas Shield!

But Qin Luo was different.

Even though he also valued the Atlas Shield, one of the unremarkable skills was the best choice that he would not give up even if he had to destroy all the rewards of the Atlas Shield!

Mastery of both hands!

It's back, this skill is back!

Back then.

After obtaining this skill of Two Hands Proficiency, he could wield the Dual Knife Style in one hand. How elegant and unrestrained!

The Coiling Dragon Water in his right hand and the Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier in his left!

Who could be his opponent?

Unfortunately.

Ever since the incident at the Terrifying Dragon Platform, the Flying Bear Mountain had been ambushed and killed by the dragon race. The Hundred Wars Blood Soldiers had fallen and were picked up by others. From then on, their whereabouts were unknown.

On the other hand, the Coiling Dragon Li Water had been destroyed on the Terrifying Dragon Platform in order to deal with the Dragon Abyss. It had barely managed to stabilize itself by relying on its Mythical grade. It had consumed an extremely precious recovery scroll from Qin Sheng, but it was helpless because it was too severe. It still needed a lot of materials to recover, and it was far from done!

The most important skill, Hand Proficiency, was also forgotten under the curse of Long Yuan. How hateful!

Still.

Everything was in the past!

The proficiency in both hands had returned to his hands today with the gift of the hidden job, the Sky High Shield!

Comfortable!

The dual blade style had reappeared in the world of destiny!

At this point.

Qin Luo Sheng could use a shield and a sword to attack and defend as one. Or he could use two swords to be extremely brutal. Or he could use a sword and a staff to dual cultivate magic and martial arts. Or he could use a shield and a staff to attack and defend as one. Or he could use two staffs to bring out the full potential of the magic artillery!

This.

It was the result of his proficiency in both hands!

It could be said.

To Qin Sheng, this skill was even more legendary than legends!

In the past, his proficiency in both hands was at the Gold Grade!

The current proficiency in both hands was a special grade!

Other than being able to hold a single-handed weapon with both hands, it also increased his ability by 20%. It was simply awesome!

"Now, my strength has at least doubled!"

Qin Luo's confidence skyrocketed after the upgrade of the Atlas Shield and the effects of the two-handed proficiency.

This was not a random remark, but the customer was telling the truth.

If it were anyone else, they would have been done for!

But Qin Luo was a freak. He had four professions and many powerful weapons!

Atlas Shield, Spellblade, King of Fighters, Blood Demon—— Four major professions!

Sacred Dragon Divine Sword, Blood Demon Sword, Duality Dao Sword, Abyssal Hands—Four Great Weapons!

‘ Of course.’

Including the Atlas Shield and the still recovering Coiling Dragon Water!

The Hand of the Abyss was excluded. It was a two-handed weapon!

However, the remaining weapons, in addition to the water-type magic staff that could be used in conjunction with it, could at least allow Qin Sheng to make many more choices. He could choose strategies according to the situation!

Seriously!

"No, I have to improve even more! I have to get the hidden reward of a level 55 dungeon and the hidden reward of a level 60 dungeon!"