Chapter 982: Thousand Feet Millipede, Toxic Hell

The tornado surrounded them!

The flames stopped him!

Blind!

Even with these restrictions, the Thousand Year Demonic Spider was still able to move. At most, it could endure the cutting of the tornado, the burning of the flames, as well as being blind and unable to differentiate directions. It would suffer damage and dodge.

However, once the "Ghost Swordsmanship Four Cage" was activated, it was completely GG!

At this point.

Before this skill dissipated, the Thousand Year Demonic Spider could only be trapped within these four walls, unable to escape!

This was considered a control skill, and also a semi-control skill!

Because.

The Thousand Year Demonic Spider could still move and attack. Strictly speaking, it was not a control skill like fear, intimidation, stiffness, petrification, or freezing. The target could not resist at all. However, this indeed restricted the Thousand Year Demonic Spider's movements and made it stay within a fixed range, unable to move. Hence, it was also considered a control skill!

Make a compromise.

That was a semi-control skill!

"Well done!"

Qin Luo Sheng was just about to let Xiao-Xiao unleash the Dragon Roar Shockwave to knock out the Thousand Year Demonic Spider. He did not expect his teammate to be so powerful, helping him to complete his final charge.

“Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash!”

A terrifying energy slash shot out from the Sacred Dragon Sword and from Qin Sheng's hand. It brazenly flew towards the Thousand Year Demonic Spider that was engulfed in flames, trapped in a cage and surrounded by a tornado!

Swoosh…

There was no earth-shattering scene, only endless silence!

When the golden light landed on the Thousand Year Demonic Spider, the world began to melt!

The Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash, which had split the Thousand Year Demonic Spider into two, was imbued with an unimaginable amount of energy. It destroyed the Thousand Year Demonic Spider at an extremely fast speed. In the end, not even a wisp of its ashes remained!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 67 Gold Boss—Thousand Year Demonic Spider. You have received 1,500W + EXP and 8,000 Reputation Points! '

Qin Sheng, who had already mentally prepared himself for this, didn't care either.

"Thankfully, this thing isn't as lethal as the Heaven Crushing Strike!"

Looking at the specks of starlight falling from the sky, Qin Sheng let out a shaky breath.

If he used the Sky Slash, there would be nothing left. He would refer to the Undead Lich!

Although the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash had the same effect as the Heaven Crushing Slash, it was still useful. After killing the Boss, its corpse would be annihilated, and its ashes would be scattered. At the very least, the equipment and loot that should be dropped would still be there and wouldn't be destroyed along with it.

This was very comfortable!

This was also the reason why Qin Sheng did not use the Sky Slash.

Logically speaking.

The Heaven-Splitting Slash was more powerful, and its power accumulation was shorter. It should be more suitable!

Yet.

It was precisely because it was too strong that it would be destroyed along with the spoils of war. Therefore, he could only take a step back and let the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash, which required ten seconds of accumulation, attack!

"Oh, there's a ring and a necklace!"

Sweeping his gaze over his spoils of war, Qin Sheng was delighted when he saw the two pieces of jewelry. The drop rate of the five pieces inside was very low. Just now, the Thousand Year Old Scorpion had only dropped five pieces. Now, the Thousand Year Demonic Spider had dropped two pieces at once. This was really generous.

Although it was only at the Gold rank, considering the rarity of accessories and the fact that it was universal, there was no restriction that anyone could use it. Thus, Qin Luo Sheng joined in as well.

Yet.

One was 32 points, and the other was 6 points!

Qin Luo shut himself up instantly!

Forget it! Forget it!

Don't think too much. Wouldn't it be good to just kill monsters and gain experience?

In any case, there was no need for that. Ahem, the most important thing was to participate!

Besides.

The boss, San Bao, and the other miscellaneous items were all in his pocket. He had already gotten most of them. Why would he still need a bicycle?

One should not be too greedy!

"F*ck!"

After a round of self-hypnosis and self-consolation, Qin Sheng wiped away the tears of pain in his eyes. Ignoring the group of girls who were in high spirits after obtaining the spoils of war, he clicked on the teleportation and returned to the original spot at the entrance of the Five Poisons Hall!

Centipede Hall!

A three-meter-long centipede blocked their way.

Yet.

However, it only looked scary. It was only the grade of the Silver Boss that was enhanced. It was nothing!

The beating did not even last ten seconds before it ended!

Centipedes can be used as medicine.

Although the strength of this Silver Centipede was weak, the materials on its body were not bad. Qin Sheng gently beckoned with his hand and the harvesting technique that was infinitely close to the master level was easily collected.

Comfortable!

He pushed his way through.

In less than 20 minutes, they arrived at the Boss' location again!

[Thousand Legged Centipede (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 67

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 2800000

Physical Attack: 150,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 75,000

Magic Defense: 30,000

Speed: 20000

Skills: [Thousand Feet Slash] [Tentacle Entanglement] [Poisonous Hell]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: The beloved pet of the first Five Poisons Divine Sect’s sect master. With it as one of the five great foundations, the Five Poisons Divine Sect was established that caused countless people to tremble in fear upon hearing its name. The Five Poisons Divine Sect was originally a centipede with a variant bloodline. After being fed with all kinds of poisonous objects, and after swallowing a large amount of blood and food, it gradually evolved and returned to its origin. Its bloodline was already similar to that of its ancestors. It had a thousand feet on its body, and every foot was like a sharp blade. If one were to fall under its body, they would be sliced into minced meat by the Thousand Feet. Its tentacles were sharp and could detect minute movements that contained a strange poison. It could use its own body to execute the Poison Hell and completely annihilate all living beings except it!

"Damn, this is going to be a little difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned as he read the introduction.

The Thousand Legged Centipede was a pure physical type BOSS. Although its defense couldn't be compared to the Thousand Year Old Scorpion, its attack was still quite powerful. Furthermore, it had poison on it, which allowed it to unleash an AOE skill!

The most disgusting thing was that this guy had tentacles and could sense things!

As such,

It would be difficult to unleash another Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash!

Those who could sense it weren’t as simple-minded as the thousand year demonic spider. If not for their instincts, they might have been slaughtered while sleeping.

If one dared to activate the skill, the other party would immediately sense it and wake up immediately. With ten seconds of accumulation, who knew how many chances he would have to interrupt or run far away!

Now.

His teammates didn't have that many crowd control skills, especially Little Vegetable's Ghostblade Four Cage. Needless to say, the cooldown time for such a strong skill should be quite long. At the very least, it would definitely be more than half an hour. He definitely couldn't use it now!

"Since that's the case, then we can only play the usual way and directly go head-on and beat him up!"

Qin Luo thought to himself, "It just so happens that centipedes aren't that disgusting. They're furry and sticky and all that. Although they look hideous, they're still within the acceptable range! It's just that they're really too big. It's still creepy to look at!"

——————

< EMPTY >