Chapter 986: Class Advancement, Sky High Shield

A level 68 Ancient BOSS was already powerful enough!

Even though Qin Sheng was level 74, he still received 350,000W worth of experience points. That was pretty good!

There was no need to mention the drop rate for the first kill of a BOSS.

Two pieces of Ancient equipment and five pieces of Gold equipment. The unique equipment kept flashing!

The Ancient equipment was a dagger and a Summoner's leg guard!

The dagger was left with 87 points!

The Summoner's Legguards belonged to the only Summoner, Su Youran, Beauty Su!

Other equipment.

Qin Luo clicked 'Roll' on a common earring and gave up everything else.

Unfortunately.

He only had 55 points and was easily crushed!

Unlucky tears!

With Old Snake as an example, Qin Sheng naturally knew the background of the remaining four divine halls as well!

As expected.

Four of the so-called elders who were like Elder She were Five Poisons Supremacies. They had fused with the poison beast core Qi and heart blood of the Five Poisons Hall, turning them into half-human half-demon creatures!

Indeed.

Four trips in a row.

It was as he had expected!

"That's it?"

Four Epic Bosses could unleash their potential to the extent of strengthening the Epic stage. However, in Qin Luo Sheng's hands, they were simply trash. He only needed to wait for ten minutes for all of them to cool down before he could fight as he pleased!

Five powerful Bosses were killed in less than an hour!

It was unbelievably fast!

It was so smooth that it left one in a dream!

"That's all!"

After killing Five Poisons Supremacy, he immediately received a notification from the system. The dungeon had been cleared. This made Qin Sheng, who was looking forward to it, feel extremely uncomfortable.

"Now that I'm already level 74, I don't have the qualifications to challenge a level 60 dungeon!" Qin Sheng said, "To be precise, I don't have the qualifications to take the only reward! Fortunately, you guys haven't broken through the level 70 limit. There's still a chance! So, it's up to you guys now!"

The Abyss Mode could be used!

Except.

If one's level exceeded the standard, they would be automatically judged to have lost the right to participate in the only quest. It was the same even if they joined other guilds. As long as one exceeded the standard, the entire team would automatically lose the right to participate!

"Then we have to recruit three strong teammates!"

The girls also knew the situation. It was not that Qin Luo did not bring them along, but that he really did not have the qualifications.

"We either have two Shield Specialists and one Priest. After all, we have enough damage output! Or we can have one Shield Specialist and one Priest attack output to carry out the violence to the end!"

The girls started discussing.

They were proud and arrogant people. Even if Qin Luo hadn't helped them, they still wouldn't have given up!

Now that they were already in the first tier and had the support of hidden jobs, it was uncertain if such a team could clear the Abyss Mode. However, if they did not even dare to think about it, how could it be possible?

"No one!"

Mu Mu lamented, "We are the only group with levels above 60. Other than that, there are also Sanguine Primrose and Elegant Lotus! There are only nine of us, and we are still missing one! However, Elegant Lotus is a Guardian. This is good news. We finally have an MT that can tank monsters! However, Elegant Lotus is only an ordinary class, and there is no Assistant T to help her. Can one person do it? Furthermore, there is only Big Sister Cyan Hair, a Priest. I'm afraid she won't even be able to heal by then!"

All the girls fell silent.

No matter how much they calculated, they did not expect that they would not have enough people!

That was true!

If not for the hidden quest of the Mercenary King, where the rewards were level, they would only be around level 55. How would they be qualified to enter a level 60 dungeon?

They had benefited from Qin Sheng. Other people were not so lucky, yet they were still worrying about a huge amount of experience points!

"Then let's take a break for now!" Qin Luo said, "Or you guys can continue to browse the Instance Dungeon and familiarize yourselves with your abilities. Quickly add new abilities to your tactics!"

"That's all I need!"

The girls nodded.

There were also Su Youran and the other girls. Because their levels were originally low, they hadn't reached Level 55 during the Mercenary King mission. Therefore, even though they had leveled up 10 times, they hadn't reached Level 65!

Now.

He was even qualified to enter a level 55 dungeon and fight for the only reward!

"Then, make your own arrangements!"

Qin Luo Sheng disbanded the group and took the lead to crush the returning scroll before leaving.

"Should I change my occupation?"

Qin Sheng took out a hidden occupation scroll from his backpack and fell silent!

This was the Shield of the Atlas, a hidden class for Shield Specialists. It originally belonged to the mercenary group, Li Qingtian. Before he entered the Netherworld Palace with his companions, he had entrusted it to Li Qingtian. He could either change his profession and inherit the power, or find a suitable candidate to pass on this power!

"Now, I have the King of Fighters in melee combat, and I also have the ability of a Spellblade. I dual cultivate both magic and martial arts, and I also have the ability of a Berserker!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his stats window and analyzed his stats and abilities. "Even though Mo Bing has shared my Spellblade abilities, with the Blood Demon Sword and the Blood Demon Set, he can also transform into a Blood Demon in times of emergency and become a melee fighter! If you want to form an army by yourself, either a priest or an archer!"

"Shield Specialists are slightly cumbersome. Also, I can take it now, especially with the enhancement of the [Holy Body] skills, my defense is extremely high and my health is extremely high! Thieves, there's no need to. Repeating functions is useless! Summoners, directly PASS! Priests, healers, whatever, forget it. I don't really like it. With my self-recovery ability now, why would I need a Priest's abilities!"

Qin Luo's head hurt.

"The most suitable archer isn't very outstanding either! Although it shouldn't be too difficult to learn and adapt quickly, it's a little too much to change to archer just for long-range abilities. Besides, who says that long-range abilities require archers? Aren't Spellblades? It's just to hide in front of others that they didn't use this ability! Furthermore, even if they want to change class, there aren't any hidden job scrolls for archers!"

All things considered.

Everything was back to square one!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the two hidden job scrolls in his hands. One was the Shield Specialist's Atlas Shield, and the other was the Ghost Shadow Assassin from the Thief Branch!

This…

How difficult!

"Forget it, let's just use the Atlas Shield!"

Qin Luo Sheng had wanted to put this matter on hold until he met a more suitable hidden occupation in the future. However, after much consideration, he still felt that it was appropriate.

Firstly, the Atlas Shield was the job of the Mercenary King. To be able to defeat so many strong players, his abilities must be very strong. Now, his weakness was that his long-range attack power was insufficient and his defense was not very good. Especially when he encountered a half-step Mythical Boss, it would be a little difficult!

Secondly, he was the new captain of the Atlas Mercenary Corps. He had inherited the position of the original captain and had also inherited the abilities of the original members, Qing Si and the other girls. He could be considered to have lived up to Li Qingtian's expectations.

"Let's change occupations!"

He put the scroll back into his backpack and waited for a fated person. Qin Sheng tore the scroll directly!

Ding… congratulations on successfully changing class to Atlas Shield. Strength + 300, Constitution + 1000, Agility + 100, Spirit + 300, Luck + 5, Charm + 5, Enlightenment + 5, Toughness + 20, Focus + 5, Health Recovery + 20%, Resistance to All Elements + 20%, Physical Resistance + 30%, Magic Resistance + 30%, Spirit Resistance + 50%. Awakening Exclusive Skill: Tenacious Willpower, Perfect Resistance, Absolute Parry, Proficient Hands, Hard Shield Wall, Endless Taunt, Berserk Shield Attack, Retreat. Omnidirectional Undefeatable, Atlas! '