Chapter 981: Thousand Year Demonic Spider

[Thousand-year Magic Spider (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 67

Health Points: 80,000,000

Mana: 5,500000

Physical Attack: 50,000

Magic Attack: 120,000

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 100,000

Speed: 25,000

Skills: [Poisonous Spider Silk] [Poisonous Spit] [Heavenly Net]

Weakness: Fire

Introduction: The beloved pet of the first sect master of the Five Poisons Divine Sect. With it as one of the five great foundations, the Five Poisons Divine Sect was established that would cause countless people to tremble in fear upon hearing its name. It was originally a spider with a variant demonic spider bloodline. After being fed with all kinds of poisonous substances and swallowing a large amount of blood food, it gradually evolved and returned to its original state. Its bloodline was already almost the same as its ancestor. Its long legs were like divine weapons, cutting through metal like mud. It could spit out poisonous liquid that could devour metal. When the spider web touched it, it would be poisoned. Furthermore, it was extremely sticky and could not break free. It could only be captured alive and become food in its mouth!

A magical BOSS?

In the past, Qin Sheng had liked this type of boss the most!

Except.

Looking at the six hairy legs that were full of barbs, the huge spider that was at least ten meters tall, he felt a headache!

Spiders did not look like scorpions!

The scorpion's attack method was simple. It only needed to pay attention to the giant pincers, mouth, and the barbed pincers on its tail!

Spider was different!

This guy had six legs with extremely high sensitivity. Moreover, he could 'climb mountains', climb walls, and walk as if he were walking on flat ground. He was not as stupid and naive as the thousand-year-old scorpion. He could stand there and be beaten up by anyone!

It could spit poison, spit silk, and even attack you with six legs that could cut iron like mud!

Since he was a mage, he definitely had long-range attack spells!

How troublesome!

"Forget it, these guys are each more disgusting than the other. I have no interest in fighting them for a long time!"

Qin Luo frowned and mustered up a bit of courage before putting it down immediately. "D * mn, so ugly! I'll just go offline and settle this as soon as possible! It's so disgusting!"

If it was a place like the cursed land, it wouldn't be filled with birdsong and fragrant flowers, but the scenery was quite unique. The people fighting were normal humanoid monsters. From a physiological point of view, they wouldn't feel disgusted, nor would they feel nauseous!

But this damned place was different!

Not only was the trashy environment nauseating, but there was also poisonous fog in the air. He had to rely on medicine to resist the effects!

Furthermore, the BOSS was really disgusting and difficult to deal with. It really made people have no desire to fight!

"I'll accumulate my power first. You guys wait quietly. Once this guy wakes up and wants to escape, or if he wants to attack me and interrupt my accumulation, then try your best to hold him back!"

Since he did not want to waste any more time, Qin Sheng naturally prepared to kill in one strike!

To deal with this kind of vegetable that strengthened gold, he definitely wouldn't use a butcher's knife to kill a chicken. Using the Blessing of Starlight and the embrace of the Death God was simply a waste!

So.

Qin Luo Sheng had used a skill that came with the Sacred Dragon Sword—Sacred Dragon Annihilation Slash!

Storing power for 10 seconds to achieve 100% annihilation effect!

In other words, it was a one-hit kill. Not even a single corpse was left. Even the ashes were scattered!

Although he would not be able to collect the materials if he did that, and the loss would be great, Qin Sheng could not care so much at this moment. The endless amount of spider webs that covered the inverted corpses made him very uncomfortable, and he wanted to leave this place as soon as possible!

Zizi ~

The Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash was an extremely powerful move. The Holy Dragon Set was also a dazzling golden color. Under the combination of light and power, if the Thousand Year Demonic Spider that was being targeted could still sleep, then it would really be too careless.

"Go!"

Seeing that the Thousand Year Demonic Spider had woken up, Qin Luo shouted loudly.

Instantly.

Tiny Herb and Desert Dust charged forward.

There was no need to mention Xiaoxiao. Dragon's Might was vast and mighty. Although it was not as powerful as the skill that Qin Sheng had already lost, Dragon's Might, which could reduce all attributes by 20%, it still had the characteristic of deterrence. It was just that there was a chance of triggering it and not 100% effective!

At this moment.

Qin Sheng, the Heavenly Fate, was actually lucky enough to trigger the deterrence of dragon's might!

Maybe.

It was because the Thousand Year Demonic Spider was still in a deep slumber when it was suddenly awakened by the terrifying energy and killing intent of Qin Sheng's Saint Dragon Annihilation Slash. It was currently in a state of shock and trembling. At this moment, a small step was inserted and the release of the dragon's might was just like the last straw that broke the camel's back. Only then did it luckily trigger the deterrence effect!

"NICE!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very excited upon seeing this.

Buzz…

Without the main body of Weeping Soul, Qin Luo's consciousness controlled his avatar Desert Dust, boosting the cooldown augmentation skill!

In an instant.

Desert Dust activated his status. Like a fierce lion, he charged forward with a pair of iron fists wrapped in Abyssal Hands. The familiar Triple Eagle landed on the Thousand Year Demon Spider's body and began beating it up!

Qin Luo Sheng's side was so intense that the girls behind him were not to be outdone either!

Even though she was the only melee fighter, the Ghost Sword Artist Little Vegetable, she endured her fear and disgust and ran forward to attack the Thousand Year Demon Spider!

The shock only lasted for three seconds!

Three seconds before the Thousand Year Demon Spider woke up!

There were still four seconds left before Qin Sheng could finish charging!

"Small tornado!"

"Blind Arrow!"

“Scorching Fire Wall!”

"Ghost Sword Technique, Square Cage!"

"…"

Knowing what Qin Luo wanted to do, his teammates all gave their support!

After all, it was a hidden job. It definitely had its own exclusive skill!

This…

All of them exploded!

All of them revealed their abilities and used their own methods to trap the Thousand Year Demonic Spider.

The Cat's Tornado was spread out in all directions around the Thousand Year Demon Spider, blocking its path to heaven and earth!

At the same time.

Indigo Collar's Blind Arrow shot out and accurately hit the Thousand Year Demonic Spider's eye, temporarily blinding it!

Then…

Mu Mu used the advanced version of Fire Wall, which was a fire mage skill. The temperature was higher and the range was wider. The wall formed by the flames was higher. With Cat's Tornado blowing, the flames burned even more intensely!

Originally, this was already enough, but the vegetable girl who was close to the Thousand Year Demonic Spider still felt that it wasn't safe. She immediately activated the Ghostblade's exclusive skill. With a wave of her sword, a square-shaped formation rose up and completely trapped the Thousand Year Demonic Spider.

That's right.

This was a complete trap!

Those things from before were just illusions. They were restrictions and not control!

It was like the slowdown and freezing of ice.

The restriction skill of the former meant that there was a certain amount of control, but it could not be completely controlled. It limited a part of the target, but the target could still move, still attack, still defend, and so on. This meant that the target could make a series of effective actions!

As for the latter, freezing was a control skill. What was control? It was to render you helpless, unable to defend, unable to attack, unable to move… You could only passively be beaten and be at the mercy of others. This was control!