Chapter 988: Shared, Synchronized, Replicated, Repeated Skills

"No, I have to improve even more! I have to get the hidden reward of a level 55 dungeon and the hidden reward of a level 60 dungeon!"

Level 55 dungeon, Nightmare Mode. Ink Ice had cleared the dungeon!

A level 60 dungeon, Nightmare Mode. Qin Luo Sheng had personally led a team to clear the dungeon!

Except.

Due to its level, the main body of the Weeping Soul Beast did not have the qualifications to obtain rewards. The only thing it could do now was to fight for the level 60 Ink Ice!

Yet.

Mo Bing was strong, but it was impossible for a Spellblade like him to clear the Abyss Mode alone!

After all.

Too brittle!

It was the same as Qin Sheng's main body. Even though it was a wild battle, its health points and defense were not impressive enough. It did not matter even if it was a Legendary Boss. It could rely on its fierce attacks to suck blood and recover. However, once it was upgraded to Legendary or even half-step Legendary, it paled in comparison!

Even his main body was like this, let alone Spellblade Ink Ice. He was just a Spellblade and did not have the four super-limited skills of Weeping Soul Body. His equipment was just a Blood Demon Set that was mixed with ordinary Epic legends, the Duality Dao Sword, and the Glazed Daoist Robe!

This configuration and attributes!

To solo the Abyss?

It was no different from courting death!

Still.

In the past, Qin Sheng had no choice but to do so. Now, he did!

Everything.

It was all thanks to Li Qingtian and his companions!

In the Nine Great Temples, for every trial that passed, the reward obtained was not only a level + 1, but also a lucky person who obtained the power of inheritance. There were also other rewards, such as scrolls!

Indigo Collar had obtained the hidden occupation of an elf archer and returned it to Qin Luo with a skill upgrade scroll. He had used it to upgrade his Shadow Escape!

With Indigo Collar leading the way, the girls behind him were very smart!

Once the hidden occupation was in his hands, he would immediately reward Qin Sheng!

And this reward was basically a special item rewarded. Most of them were scrolls with powerful energy and could be said to be Rule Power!

For now.

There were nine scrolls in Qin Luo Sheng's hands!

And there were three suitable candidates for the current situation, Qin Luo!

[Shared Scroll (5 / 5)]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Sharing

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can share abilities! (Only one-sided effect, one party can share the other party's abilities)

[Synchronous Scroll (5 / 5)]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Synchronization

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can synchronize everything! (Only one-sided effect, one side synchronized to the other.)

[Replication Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Cloning

Introduction: A scroll with mystical powers can perfectly replicate a certain equipment, item, and other items!

Sharing abilities meant sharing abilities!

If Qin Luo shared his skills, then the four great limitless skills, Heaven Crushing Strike and so on would be enough to turn Mo Bing's strength upside down!

It could synchronize everything!

The first was the attributes.

Weeping Soul’s stats were one B, and all the first clear Bosses, dungeon clearings, and the attribute rewards given by the Spellblade and Atlas Shield job advancement were all there!

Then there was the level.

If he could control it, he would be able to reach level 65 at the same time. He would be stuck at level 55 and not exceed it. Moreover, he would be able to prepare for clearing level 60.

After all.

The top BOSS of a level 60 dungeon was definitely level 70. If they let Ink Ice level 60 cause trouble, it would be easy for problems to arise. Level 65 was still better. It was just nice that the level suppression of level 5 was not too serious!

Thus…

He shared his level and attributes. Basically, even if it was Qin Luo's' Reincarnation Through Corpses', he would use Mo Bing's body to set up his own dungeon!

If he was more ruthless, he would lend Soul Sobbing equipment to Mo Bing, such as Wings of the Rain Dragon, Ice Spirit Ring, Illusionary Spirit ribbon, and so on!

It was like adding wings to a tiger!

A duplicate scroll.

Previously, Qin Luosheng had also obtained one, and now he had two!

He had not thought of how to use it, but now he knew!

Replicate the Sacred Flame and give it to Black Ice!

And.

Replicate Ink Ice!

That's right.

It was to replicate Ink Ice!

If one ink ice was not enough, then two ink ice, or even three ink ice!

If that was the case, then there would be three Spellblades!

After sharing and synchronizing the attributes of the main body Weeping Soul, how could he not clear the dungeon?

"Blessing of Starlight, Blessing of [Replica Scroll]!"

He did as he was told.

Qin Luo Sheng immediately cast the Starlight Blessing on the duplicate scroll. Although he did not know what effect it would have, it would definitely be better than nothing!

"Duplicate, Ink Ice!"

Qin Luo Sheng summoned the ink ice back and aimed the duplicate scroll that had been upgraded to its maximum without hesitation at him!

Duplication Scrolls could duplicate all equipment and props, while Ink Ice, strictly speaking, was a prop!

This was because he was the avatar of the [White Bone Mountain Fairy], and his main body was the prop [White Bone Mountain Fairy]!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining External Avatar (Empty OR Demon Sword Artist)!

Qin Sheng was pleasantly surprised by the system's prompt.

What did duplication mean?

It was to perfectly replicate the target that you had set your mind on!

1 was 1, 2 was 2!

But now…

Because of the Starlight Blessing, there should have been an additional ink ice. The identical ink ice, which had the Spellblade class ink ice (the equipment didn't count), had become the second choice.

Either the original effect produced a second ink ice!

It was either the result of sublimation, producing a second incarnation!

What was the difference?

The ink ice was already fixed and could not be changed!

As for the avatar, it was like a blank piece of paper. You could take another ID, shape it, give it information, entrust it to a vocation, and so on!

It was the same as before Ink Ice was born!

In short,

This duplicate scroll was equivalent to cloning a "Nature Man" Ink Ice that had been successfully cultivated, or a "baby" that had the same attributes as Ink Ice. You needed to give this "baby" everything!

"I choose blank!"

Qin Luo Sheng chose the former without hesitation.

"Name: Atlas!"

"Gifted Class: Atlas Shield!"

After pinching his face and creating his information, he finally entered the main topic.

Spellblade ID, Ink Ice!

Sky High Shield ID, Sky High!

"Come on!"

Qin Sheng's face was filled with pleasure as he looked at the extremely handsome Mo Bing and the towering Qin Luo, who was like an iron tower!

“How about another?”

The original three bodies had now become four. They were Shield Specialist Atlas, Spellblade Ink Ice, Fist Emperor Desert Dust, and the real body Weeping Soul with all their abilities.

"Let's start!"

At the thought that there was another secondary hidden occupation similar to the Boxing King—Qin Luo could not suppress his palpitations!

Making faces!

This was so addictive!

In any case, there were already four people in one body, so what if there were five people in one body?

Didn't he smell good when one man formed an army?

Wasn't it good for one person to form a five-man team?

Besides.

The Sanguine Demon was not trash!

Even though it was a hidden job born from the Blood Demon Sword, after consuming the Blood Demon Elixir, even without the Blood Demon Sword, its ability was still there. At most, its strength would decrease. It was worth it!

——————

Author’s Note: After laying down the foundation, it’s time for the Martial Arts Conference and the Kingdom War. I’m preparing to go to the other warzones. All the old readers who are familiar with me know that the first place will definitely be a certain island nation! Those who understand will understand!