Chapter 989: Cheating The Worker, Qin Shang

"But there's only one copy scroll left!"

That was what he thought, but at the critical moment, Qin Sheng was a little reluctant.

There were no restrictions on these three question marks scrolls. Their abilities were at the BUG level, or they were conceptual. They were really rare. If one used one, one would be one less scroll. Many of them might not be obtained in the future. It was considered a limited edition. If he used it now, there was no need to use it. It was really a waste. If he kept it, it was equivalent to leaving behind infinite possibilities!

For example.

What if he encountered something at the Mythical stage or higher in the future and wanted to replicate it?

“Why don’t we use this?”

Qin Luo Sheng rummaged through his backpack and found a scroll.

[Scroll: Repeated trick]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Used twice

Introduction: Can replicate the ability used previously and use it again!

This scroll was also a bug-level existence, but its reliance was too strong!

Replicating ordinary abilities was a replication, so was copying forbidden-level abilities.

In order for it to unleash its full potential, there must be a platform for it to unleash its full potential!

To be honest, Qin Sheng was somewhat reluctant.

Once this thing was used well, it would definitely be an existence that was even more heaven-defying than duplicating scrolls!

"Forget it! Forget it! The four of us can do it now!"

Qin Sheng decided to give up on the idea.

After all.

He was not lacking in combat power now.

As long as Ink Ice and Atlas shared and synchronized his abilities, they would be able to clear Level 55 and 60 dungeons and obtain the rewards!

After that.

After that, with his main body sobbing, there was no need!

This was also an accident.

Who would have thought that a quest would actually reward him with a level? Moreover, the reward was a total of nine times. This caused his level to soar so quickly that he missed the best level to enter the dungeon and lost his qualification!

"Use the scroll—Sharing!"

"Please choose a shared target!"

“Ink Ice, Atlas!”

"Successfully shared. Ink Ice and Atlas obtained skills: [Sky Martial], [Sacred Body], [Divine Flash], [Spiritual Wisdom], [Holy Flame], [Shadow Escape],…"

Comfortable!

It worked!

"Use the scroll—synchronization!"

"Please choose a synchronized target!"

“Ink Ice, Atlas!”

“Successfully synchronized. Ink Ice and Atlas synchronized Soul Tear attribute…”

"Level 65!"

"Adjustment successful, attribute adjustment corresponding to change to level 65!"

He pulled open the Black Ice and Atlas' stats window and looked at Qin Sheng. He was extremely satisfied!

This time.

The special rewards for level 55 dungeons and the special rewards for level 60 dungeons were almost there!

He did not know what it was or whether it would be useful for the upcoming Martial Arts Conference!

"Give me the Blood Demon Sword and the Blood Demon Set!" Qin Luo looked at Mo Bing and said, "This piece of equipment is a mix of Legendary and Epic equipment. Although it's a set, it's still quite cheap. I'll immediately gather a set of Legendary equipment of the current level. After I strengthen it with the Sky High Set, I'll give it to you and Sky High!"

"Alright!"

Mo Bing nodded with a smile. Even if Qin Luo's avatar had an independent personality, he had to obey since it was his true body.

"Duality Dao Sword and Glazed Daoist Robe. These two pieces of equipment are good stuff. Keep holding them. I'll find you a helmet, boots, and gloves! Also, for jewelry, if you get anything from grinding dungeons, give them to me. I'll use Starlight Miracle Evolution for you!"

How easy was it for Qin Sheng to find suitable epic equipment?

In his eyes, Epic equipment was a legendary equipment.

Unfortunately.

Legends were the pinnacle. After all, they had never encountered a Mythical Boss. Otherwise, if they killed him and obtained the final [Mythical Mark], they would be able to raise the Lord of Stars by another level. Then, the pinnacle of the Starlight Miracle would be elevated to the Mythical stage. That would be terrifying!

An hour later!

Qin Luo Sheng gave the three pieces of legendary equipment after the enhancement of + 10 to Mo Bing. At the same time, he also gave Mo Bing a few pieces of upgraded accessories. They were all high-grade items above level 60 and were suitable for the current level!

Mo Bing was like this.

There was no difference between him and Qin Luo.

Thanks to Li Qingtian, he had given him a hidden class and a set of equipment.

When it was first given, the Atlas Set was an Epic Set. However, under the starlight miracle, it became a Legendary Set. It was on the same level as the Holy Dragon Set that Weeping Soul was wearing now!

Still.

The Holy Dragon Set was a legendary set. It had not been upgraded by a miracle with starlight. It was of this grade at the beginning!

However, the Atlas Set was slightly inferior!

Even though they were all Legendary Sets now, the difference was too great!

After all.

The Starlight Miracle Transcendence was only a basic attribute. It could slightly increase the characteristics, special effects, and abilities that came with it. There was no way to create something out of nothing and turn it into an ability or a skill!

This way…

Although the Atlas Set was not inferior to the Holy Dragon Set in terms of attributes such as Attack, Defense, Speed, and so on, its characteristics and skills were slightly inferior!

However, the Atlas Set was also excellent. There was no level restriction!

What did this mean?

It meant that the enhancement of the Atlas Set was unrestricted!

Enhancement formula—Grade * 10 system grade *!

Grade = Bronze, Silver,—Mythical!

Initial 10 = Black Iron Strengthened to 10 points, Bronze to 20 points, Silver to 40 points… and so on until the 320 points of myth!

Level = Equipment Level Steps. There were a total of five steps. The first step was Level 0-9 Equipment, which was Level 1. The second step was Level 10-29 Equipment, which was Level 2… Just like the player's Class Advancement, the last step was Level 80-100 Equipment, which was Level 5!

The grade and the decimal system were fixed, but the grade was not fixed.

Because.

Some equipment did not have a level requirement!

This type of equipment was the most popular. When it was enhanced, it would automatically be classified as 5. It was in the range of Level 80-100 equipment. This was incredible!

For example, the Atlas Set.

Legendary stage.

Strengthening once meant 160 * 5, which increased 800 damage or defense points!

Enhancement + 10 meant 8000 points!

This number was even more powerful than the equipment itself!

It was no wonder that equipment with no level requirement was so expensive by some big shots!

"I'll leave everything in your hands!"

After handing over the equipment, Qin Luo said solemnly, "Also, I'll give these to you guys too. You guys decide how to distribute them!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng gave away his equipment, the Wings of the Rain Dragon, the Shadow Cloak, the Ice Spirit Ring, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, the Soul Guiding Lamp, the Guardian of the Stars and so on. He even gave the Sacred Dragon Set to Mo Bing!

‘ Of course.’

The Blood Demon Sword was also given to Qingtian.

The Sky High Shield had two hands that were proficient in skills. One hand held the Sky High Shield that could withstand endless damage, while the other held the Blood Demon Sword and slashed out.

No problem!

"This time, it will definitely be stable!"

Weeping Soul equipment, Weeping Soul Technique, as well as Spellblade and Atlas Shield!

Qin Luo did not believe it.

This setup!

Not even two instance dungeon rewards!

If it was just a single Ink Ice, even with Weeping Soul's equipment and skills, it would still be a little difficult. After all, they could only share the main skills. However, with the shield-bearer, Atlas, protecting them, it would be completely fine. They just had to do their best to attack!

"It's good to have an out-of-body incarnation!" Qin Sheng laid down comfortably on the recliner as he watched Mo Bing and Qingtian receive their orders. He looked like a salted fish. "I'll have a good rest. I'll be lazy secretly and wait for Jiayin!"

———————

PS1: Professional exclusive skills cannot be shared. For example, Weeping Soul's original user Spellblade, Atlas Shield, Fist Emperor, and Blood Devil's skills. However, if they were shared with Ink Ice, Ink Ice would not be able to share the Atlas Shield, Fist Emperor, and Blood Devil's skills. There would only be Skills like Sky Slash without class restrictions!

PS2: Why isn't Desert Dust joining the battle? Because Desert Dust is a clone. The clone is the same as the main body. Both are Level 74, exceeding the dungeon's restrictions!