Chapter 980: Demonic Spider Hall, Inverted Corpse

Death Acupuncture!

Using the mandibles on his tail, he attacked!

You have to know.

The scorpion's strongest point was its stinger, which was also its mandibles!

Back then.

The stinger of a certain scorpion spirit was something that even Gautama Buddha could not withstand. He found the pain unbearable. Even the famous Great Sage, Heaven's Equal could not do anything to this demon. In the end, he was taken down by the star lord who was born to restrain it!

What kind of person was a Stellar Lord?

Don't think you're just a sidekick!

The Lord of Stars was the Lord of One Stars, the Lord of the Stars. He was in charge of the entire planet. He could cultivate with the help of the planet and was known as the 'Lord'. He was not a nobody!

Besides.

The number one divine formation of the Heavenly Courts, the Massive Heavenly Cycle Star Array, was a grand formation that resisted the Heavenly Fiends and the Demon Gods of alternate dimensions. The core of it was the numerous stars!

Perhaps she was not famous in her profession.

But in terms of strength, no one could question the strength of a Star Lord!

Even so.

He had only managed to capture the Scorpion Spirit because of his innate restraint and the abilities of a Star Lord!

Other than the scorpion essence being strong enough, it was also known as the poison of the horse stump. It was also known as the horse poison stump. It was the greatest threat. It was a strange poison that even Buddha could not withstand!

Although the thousand-year-old scorpion in front of him was far inferior to the scorpion essence, and the poison contained in the mandibles did not need to be reversed, it was still at least epic. It could even reach legendary levels in the Abyss Mode!

Yet.

It was useless!

The Chest Needle that had never failed was ineffective!

The imagined death did not appear.

Desert Dust.

Still alive.

The fresh wound caused by the Abyssal Hands caused intense pain, and the dumbfounded thousand year old scorpion immediately woke up!

This…

It was not a dream!

That despicable human was really not dead. He did not die under its mandibles!

"What a naive fool!"

Even though Qin Luo Sheng did not know the mental activity of the thousand year old scorpion, his guess was not far from the truth when he saw how it moved a little slower and its body stiffened.

What a joke!

The Heavenly Eye has already seen through your information, why would I fall for it?

The Death Needle Strike was indeed very powerful!

With the bloodline of a mutated beast and the Five Poisons Divine Clan’s many years of nurturing, the poison of the mandibles was indeed one B!

Unfortunately.

Under the effects of Ice Skin, Desert Dust, who had a strong physique, increased his health and defense, ensuring that he wouldn't be killed by the Thousand Year Old Scorpion's direct damage!

At the same time.

As he had already activated "Stainless" previously, he was immune to any debuff and ignored any negative effects of the skill. This Instant Kill and the corrosion of the toxins were completely ineffective!

A double guarantee!

This fatal strike of the mandibles had become a joke!

“Attack!”

The Boss' skill had already been used. Qin Sheng dashed forward without hesitation and returned to the battlefield once again. The Sacred Dragon Sword in his hand waved wildly and turned into an afterimage, causing the golden sword qi to land on the Thousand Year Old Scorpion's body again.

At the same time.

The girls who received the order started to take action.

He nocked an arrow and chanted a spell!

In an instant.

Arrows and various types of magic flew over and reflected each other as they heavily smashed onto the Thousand Year Old Scorpion!

The damage was considerable.

It was a hidden job after all and its damage output was not weak!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 67 Gold Boss—Thousand Year Old Scorpion. EXP gained: 1500W + Reputation 800 points! '

F*ck!

Only 1,500,000 experience points?

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to spit!

Killing a Level 50 BOSS was more or less the same amount of experience. Now that he had killed a Level 67 BOSS, it was still the same amount. In fact, it was much less!

How disgusting!

You have to know.

Right now, Qin Luo needed more than a billion experience points to level up. Even a rare BOSS like the Thousand Year Old Scorpion had to kill at least three digits to level up!

"Sigh, Level 74 is back to level 60. Under this level suppression, the EXP reduction is too severe. Even in the Nightmare Mode, the EXP increases, and with the effect of the mercenary group, the EXP increases are still the same. It's really difficult!"

Qin Luo sighed fiercely, looking very unhappy yet helpless.

Fortunately.

The experience was disappointing, but on the first expedition and with the luck of over a hundred today, Qin Sheng was comforted by the drop rate!

"There's nothing for me to use. You can do whatever you want!"

After ordering the three treasures and some miscellaneous items, Qin Sheng gave up on the competition for the items and started swinging the collection technique at the corpse of the thousand-year old scorpion instead.

Compared to equipment that could not be used, materials were more attractive to Qin Sheng!

Ding… harvesting successful, congratulations on obtaining huge scorpion pincer * 2! '

"Ding… Collected successfully, congratulations on obtaining Absolute Poison's Chest Needle * 1!"

"Ding… Collected successfully. Congratulations on obtaining Thousand Year Old Scorpion's Poison Pill * 1!"

"Ding… Regretfully, the current target can no longer be collected!"

After a round of harvesting, he succeeded three times and obtained three materials!

They were the pincers of the thousand-year-old scorpion, the pincers, and the poisonous pills!

The first two could be used to refine weapons. Needless to say, the poisonous pill was more suitable for Mengmeng!

The loot was quickly distributed.

No one liked to stay in this room filled with poison. They immediately clicked on the transmission array and returned to the original spot outside the Five Poisons Hall!

"This will do!"

He looked at the group of girls who were shivering and shaking their heads like rattle drums. They didn't want to enter any hall, nor did they want to face any poisonous creature. Qin Luo Sheng was speechless. He casually pointed his finger and then took the lead to walk over. He was very decisive.

Demonic Spider Hall!

Just like the Poisonous Scorpion Hall, the Demonic Spider Hall was naturally dominated by the spiders of the five poisons!

Ordinary guardian monsters were like poisonous scorpions, magic spiders of the same level!

Although it was different from the poisonous scorpions' attack methods, the difference in strength was too great. Furthermore, spiders were more afraid of fire than poisonous scorpions. The spider silk, which contained poison, simply burned when it encountered fire and was completely useless!

Instantly.

The demonic spider had lost its most important attack method!

This created an infinite tragedy!

Under the presence of Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao- and Mu Mu-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao- and Mu-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-Xiao-

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng slaughtered his way to the depths of the Demonic Spider Hall!

"Although I'm mentally prepared, I'm still inexplicably furious when I see this scene!"

Unlike the thousand-year-old scorpion, the nest of the demonic spiders was not made of white bones. However, the countless corpses that hung from the ceiling, the walls, and the spider webs showed that this was a den of devils. It was even more disgusting and infuriating than the White Bones Mountain!

The Thousand Year Old Scorpion ate humans, and the pain was only momentary!

As for the demonic spider nest, it was wrapped in spider silk and slowly eaten away. This kind of pain, this kind of torture, this kind of endless despair, it was simply unimaginable!