Chapter 983: Jade-Eyed Toad, Blackwater Snake

"Centipede!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the giant centipede that was at least twenty meters long and pondered how he should act. How should he fight in order to be more relaxed, more efficient and safer?

"Desert Dust still has to appear!"

He thought about it.

Qin Luo Sheng still handed the heavy responsibility to Desert Dust!

"This guy's tentacles are very sharp. You must be careful. Also, its poison is very strong, but I will basically pull aggro and not OT. When this guy is about to use his final skill, I will remind him to be careful!"

As usual, Qin Sheng only started after reminding Qin Luo on the team channel!

Immediately after.

The light flickered.

It was also the usual time for enhancing skills!

An enemy invasion.

The Thousand Legged Centipede with the ability to sense immediately sensed it. It opened its eyes and looked in Qin Sheng's direction.

"Look, what the f*ck are you looking at?!" Qin Sheng was displeased when he was looked at by those sinister eyes. He took the initiative to attack first, but instead of retreating, he charged forward. As the Thousand Legged Centipede propped its body up, wanting to use its incomparably sharp Thousand Legs to slice over, the image of a huge divine tiger suddenly appeared behind it. It opened its mouth and let out a mighty roar. "Hunting Tiger!"

O!

Five seconds was enough for Qin Sheng to do many things!

First,

The vanguard, Desert Dust, once again stepped onto the Thousand Legged Centipede by relying on the Triple Eagle!

"Domineering!"

The moment the Abyssal Fist came out, Desert Dust, who had the Holy Elephant, began his wild damage performance!

Qin Luo and the others were not idle either.

One by one, they were deployed!

"Comfortable!"

Qin Sheng felt extremely pleased when he saw the enormous damage numbers appearing on the Thousand Legged Centipede's head.

As long as it was a normal battle, so what if it was a Boss with a mutated bloodline? With their capabilities, educating a mere Gold Boss was extremely simple. Even Qin Sheng alone could easily defeat it.

Not to mention.

And with Desert Dust's amazing performance, the Abyssal Hands could hit up to 50% of all attributes and 50% of health. It was a small deterrent in the air, and magic continued to bombard.

And.

Behind him were his teammates with hidden occupations. They were extremely powerful in their attacks!

The Thousand Legged Centipede didn't even cause a ripple. It didn't even last a minute before dying to a group of shameless gang fights!

In the end, the Poison Hell was prepared to fight to the death. However, it was forced into a state of shock by the tiny dragon's roar and swallowed back down. It was extremely sullen!

Pitiful!

As usual.

After obtaining 1,500W experience points, distributing the spoils and collecting the materials, Qin Sheng and the others returned to the starting point of the Five Poisons Hall!

Then…

Toad Hall!

Needless to say, the toad's appearance was the lowest. After all, this fellow's body was full of bumps and hollows, and there were even tumors on his body. That was disgusting!

The vegetable girl, who was acting all mighty just a moment ago, directly refused to fight!

To the end.

He was a Ghostblade and needed close combat, but seeing this guy, he still had the mood to fight?

It was so disgusting!

She was not the only one. So was Qin Sheng.

Cutting down such music was simply defiling the Sacred Dragon Sword!

"Xiaoxiao, I'll leave it to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a look of disgust on his face. Although he was still holding the Sacred Dragon Sword on high alert, he did not have the slightest intention of attacking unless it was an emergency. As for how to clear the level, it would naturally be left to a group of long-range teammates. They were capable enough to deal with small monsters that strengthened the Silver Boss!

Besides.

And there was still Xiaoxiao to back him up. If there was any danger, Qin Luo would not really sit still!

Without Qin Sheng, the animal in human form, around, the efficiency of killing monsters had been greatly delayed. Originally, they could have killed to the end in twenty minutes, but this time, it actually took nearly fifty minutes. The time was more than double!

Enhanced Gold Boss, Green-eyed Toad!

Special property, tongue!

Green eyes, a powerful tongue, poison, and a terrifying sound wave!

Power.

All in all, he was stronger than the previous three bosses!

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng did not even want to attack the little monsters in front of him. Now that he was faced with the disgusting output of this big one, it was needless to say that the starlight backtracked on the spot and cleared the CD of the Holy Dragon Annihilation Slash, directly killing the blue-eyed toad!

Following that!

The last hall of the Five Poisons Hall.

Viper Hall!

Snake, after all.

Old!

This time, Qin Sheng did not tremble!

He released all the grievances he had felt in the toad hall.

It was an explosive sweep, and almost no one was a match for it!

They came out of the Boss.

Oh.

An old "acquaintance"!

Blackwater Dark Snake!

Unfortunately.

Their names were the same as the beast of antiquity, but their strengths were worlds apart!

A fellow with only a trace of the Blackwater Profound Snake’s bloodline was only at the Gold Strengthening Stage. Although it looked quite frightening, it was over thirty meters long and had a diameter of five meters. In reality, it could not withstand a single blow!

Still.

In the end, he had the bloodline of the Ancient Blackwater Snake. His skin was thick, and he had lasted the longest under Qin Luo and the others. He had only been killed after five minutes. From this angle, he was indeed very strong!

"Rest for ten minutes, then continue!"

After breaking through five halls in a row, his mind was extremely tense, and his hunger level was really low. After being teleported out and seeing that the Five Poisons Hall had been broken through and thus appeared on the way up, Qin Sheng did not immediately take action but instead chose to recuperate.

Although it was disgusting and had no appetite at all, hunger was very important. After reaching a certain level, not only would it reduce one's combat ability, but it would also be judged as death!

So.

No matter how painful it was, he had to stuff food into his mouth!

Ten minutes later.

Another expedition!

"This should be the last stage, right?"

Stepping into the altar.

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance. That's right, it was the place he had seen earlier.

"Another five levels?"

He looked around and was stunned.

He had originally thought that it was just an ordinary building, but he had actually completed it?

"I'm going to puke!"

It wasn't just Qin Luo who found it hard to accept. The girls in the team were even more desperate!

At the peak.

At this moment.

Even though he was taking Scorching Sun Pills, he was still affected by the thick poisonous fog, and his health points were decreasing every second.

Fortunately, it was Nightmare Mode and not the Abyss Mode of the real battlefield. Otherwise, this alone was enough to make 99.99% of the players retreat!

Even so, the situation was not optimistic.

Qin Luo Sheng did not mind. His poison resistance was high and he had the Scorching Sun Pill, so the amount of health points deducted was already very little. In addition, his own recovery speed was truly perverse. The reduction was not even as fast as his own recovery speed. Other than the nauseating stench in the air, he could not sense anything else!

"Let's end this quickly!"

The environment was even worse than that of the Five Poisons Hall. It was not a good place to stay.

Qin Luo still had to do his job obediently after cursing.

The buildings that were dozens of meters tall were located in five directions of the pentagonal altar. These buildings were very strange. They were built in the shape of the Five Poisons. However, the Five Poisons had a very peculiar shape. They were bent over with their heads lowered. At the entrance was their open mouths. They looked very ferocious and gave people a very strong sense of oppression!

Still.

Qin Luo was not afraid!

Under the Heavenly Eye, there was nowhere to hide!

He had seen through that this was not a monster's disguise, but a real building. There was no need for him to worry!

The principle of proximity.

Qin Luo Sheng strode into the mouth of the snake and into the building of the Five Poisons Snake!

“I’d like to see exactly what sort of tricks your Five Poisons Divine Sect can pull!”

——————

Author’s Note: Alright, my old habit is acting up again. A dungeon with tens of chapters. Then I’ll speed up the progress!