Chapter 999: Weeping Soul, Vs Dark Disciple, Necromancer

The eleventh match!

"Ding, you have successfully matched your opponent. Please teleport to the competition venue within a minute. If you are late, it will be considered forfeiting!"

Is it finally my turn?

Qin Luo Sheng downed the cup of warm tea in one gulp and sat on the rattan chair, quietly waiting.

Five seconds later, the teleportation was confirmed!

"Weeping Soul, Weeping Soul, Weeping Soul…"

A minute ago, after confirming the opponent, whether it was live, the basic information of both sides had been posted. Everyone knew that Weeping Soul was about to enter!

He waited left and right.

It was the same Weeping Soul style as before. In the last few seconds of the countdown, Weeping Soul was sent into the arena.

Looking at the familiar outfit, the players in the venue started shouting!

On the other hand, all the major live-streams were instantly flooded with comments. The densely packed comments could not even be seen on the screen. It was covered so tightly that not a single gap could be seen!

Everyone stood up and sang their praises!

This was Qin Sheng's current reputation!

As for entering the venue at the end and not putting the enemy and audience in his eyes, was he acting like a big shot?

Haha!

No NC dared to say that!

Firstly, it was the huge number of fans and the terrifying power of brainless fans. The haters did not dare to make a sound!

Secondly, basically everyone knew why Weeping Soul had entered late!

This was not arrogance, but helplessness!

‘ You don’t believe me?’

The post on the official forum, which was hung high on the front page and had all sorts of photos and essays pinned at the top, was proof!

He was quite friendly with the people from the start!

But if you do this, why are you kissing Hammer's citizens?

He had already been scared during the points competition and had no choice but to enter in the last few seconds to avoid such a situation!

Yet.

Even if they were hiding, those animals would not let them off!

Three seconds, not even one second of the video could be missed. It could even be written into a story with thousands of words or even tens of thousands of words. If a big hand were to expand it, it would be another sadistic story!

Who could withstand this?

"F*ck, what kind of bad luck did I have!" When he saw Qin Sheng enter the arena, his opponent was a Dark Disciple that he was familiar with, he instantly laughed bitterly. "Big brother, please torture me!"

Qin Qin Sheng waved his hand. "Don't. You're pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger. If you pretend to be weak now and want to numb me, I won't fall for it!"

"Random battle scenario—mass grave!"

There were only five seconds to begin with. After exchanging greetings, the countdown ended!

Following the disappearance of the system prompt, the originally empty arena was immediately replaced by darkness and gloominess, turning into a dirty and corpse-filled mass grave!

"Damn, he's really taking care of me!"

Upon seeing this environment, Qin Sheng's face instantly turned green. Fortunately, with the cover of the Ghost Face, he was not exposed to the public.

[ID: Underworldling]

Level: LV 60

Occupation: Necromancer

Power: Dominating Heaven Guild

Burial Mound + Necromancer?

Isn't she targeting me?

Is my 100 points of luck just for show?

Apart from dropping equipment, this Luck Point was useless. In other aspects, it depended on bloodline?

His breath was cold!

When can we stand up upright without discrimination?

"Ding! Emergency notification!"

"Due to the fact that there is a contestant whose level far exceeds the other contestants in the Martial Arts Conference, there is an absolute level suppression. In order to prevent such an unfair situation from happening, the mainframe hereby amends: the level gap between the two parties must be limited to within 10 levels!"

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

This d * mn system, do you not want to be human anymore?

Why don't you just say my name!

Didn't I train my level painstakingly?

Battle was like war, cruel and merciless!

Since you like to be orderly, why don't you give each of us a set of equipment of the same grade? Your skills are also limited to the normal skills of the six main jobs. Wouldn't it be fairer to abolish the other fancy skills?

Ding… Weeping Soul Beast activates modification mode. Do you agree? '

The system prompt not only stunned the nether disciple but also the audience!

A modification pattern.

It was the mode of self-correcting!

In short,

It could adjust attributes, levels, and so on!

This way…

This way, they could effectively avoid the differences brought about by the difference in levels and achieve a fairer battle!

"Boss Weeping Soul Beast, this…"

Darkstalker was incredulous.

"Don't misunderstand, I don't have any other intentions!" Qin Luo said, "I'm currently level 74, and even if the system has corrected me, I'm still level 70, a full 10 levels above you at level 60! I won't adjust in other aspects, I'll just adjust my level to the same level as you!"

"…Alright!" Underworld Disciple nodded. "Since Brother Weeping Soul is so kind, I will accompany you at all costs. I will seek your guidance today!"

The underworld disciple understood what Qin Sheng meant in seconds!

He nodded immediately.

He admitted defeat at the start because there was no game to play.

If he exceeded his level by 14 and attacked 100% of all MISS, how could he still fight?

This was the rules of the system. After reaching level 10, one would not be able to hit the target unless it was a special skill!

So what if he didn't admit defeat?

Except.

Unexpectedly.

The system actually appeared and repaired this bug that was not a bug!

Yet.

Even so.

The system only resolved a portion of the problem and included the rules within a reasonable range. It did not do anything else!

Which meant.

It was restricted to level 10!

At this stage, there wouldn't be a 100% absolute MISS!

That was enough!

As for anything else, don't even think about it!

The other party's level was trained by him. If not for the fact that this was a kung fu competition and required a little fairness, the system probably wouldn't even care about this!

But what was the point?

The chances of winning against Weeping Soul were extremely slim!

He's 10 levels higher than you, how can he still play?

If Ming Tu wasn't the vice president of the Sky Tyrant Guild and couldn't embarrass the guild or his boss, he would have admitted defeat!

Damn it!

I won't take this lying down!

"3.2.1, begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng had lowered his level to level 60 like the Dark Disciples, not because he wanted to show off. Of course, there was some meaning to it as well. However, it was more to measure his own combat strength at the same level. Even if this test could be considered as a method of deceiving oneself, after all, there were many differences in equipment and skills. What was the use of just a level balance?

"Summon Undead!"

The moment the battle started, the dark disciple waved his undead staff and summoned ten undead!

The necromancer was just like Qin Luo's shadow warrior back then. The two professions overlapped!

Shadow Warriors were the combination of Berserkers and Bandits, and Necromancers were the combination of Summoners and Mages!

As a hidden job, the Necromancer was naturally not weak. However, this move of summoning ten Necromancers to fight for him had far surpassed that of ordinary Summoners!

11VS1, absolute suppression of troops!

He was not a son at all!