Chapter 991: The Pair Of Karma

"Ding! System, continue to match your opponent. You can choose to rest for five minutes before continuing to match, or continue to match now!"

"Continue matching now!"

"Match successful. Your opponent has entered the arena. Battle preparation time: 1 minute!"

As the system's voice fell, a white light flashed, and a fire mage girl wearing a fiery red magic robe appeared!

"Ah… Big Brother Weeping Soul!"

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

One minute later!

The Star Chasing Technique was a success. Qin Luo Sheng was even forced to sign his autograph. The Fire Technique girl left the ring in delight!

Ding… Player Lazy Cat has admitted defeat. You have won this battle. Points + 2! '

Sigh!

A sigh.

Qin Luo Sheng's face twitched as he looked at the Sacred Dragon Sword that had yet to be unsheathed!

Is this a ring?

Was this a freaking martial arts conference?

Why does it feel like an idol meeting?

"Continue matching!"

The third round began!

"Ah, Weeping Soul, I'm your fan!"

Qin Luo: "Shoot!"

The fourth match!

"Nani, Weeping Soul, are my eyes playing tricks on me? Mom, did you see that? I met God Weeping Soul!"

Qin Luo was sent flying.

Alright!

There was no fourth match at all!

Three wins out of five matches!

After encountering three fans who admitted defeat and asked for a photo, Qin Sheng shamelessly won and advanced while lying down!

Tsk!

What a disgrace!

"I really f*cking passed three rounds of warm wine!"

After successfully advancing, Qin Sheng was temporarily teleported back to his original spot by the system, which was the Luo Shen Residence.

Reaching out.

She picked up the teacup and felt the warm tea. Her eyes twitched.

Initially, it was just a joke. Who would have thought that it would actually come true? Would you believe it?

"Forget it, this is also a chance to make a name for myself!"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to block the ID (it could block IDs, but it could not block basic information such as vocation level), but in the end, he still chose to continue revealing it. Such a grand event like the Martial Arts Conference was meant to show itself in front of people. If blocking IDs was like that, wouldn't it be like walking in silk clothing all night?

"Besides, this can be considered a rare opportunity for the people! Even if the real world is soaring now, it won't be long before we can break free from the shackles and no one can restrict us. But if we can have a good reputation that can make everyone support us, why not? We don't need to put on a show, nor do we need to deliberately flatter us. We can just do it casually!"

Decide.

Qin Luo Sheng sat down and sipped his tea, quietly waiting for the elimination round after the second round!

Soon.

His communicator rang, and many friends sent him good news.

To that.

Qin Luo was not surprised.

What a joke.

Three wins out of five rounds. If he couldn't even pass the first round, what was the point of playing?

?

"The first tier will end very quickly. Most of them will directly crush them in three rounds before obtaining the right to advance. As for the normal players, they will probably have to fight for a while!"

Qin Luo Sheng drank the tea in his cup in one gulp. Then, he took out the Wheel of Destiny and the Five Poisons Demonic Bead from his backpack, the two only rewards from the dungeons that he did not have the time to check earlier. "While I still have some time, let's take a look at the attributes of these two things first. I've been itching for it just now!"

[Wheel of Destiny]

Type: Wheel

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect: None

Special Effect: When [Fate] gathers its willpower, there is a certain probability of triggering it. One can see a short clip of fate!

Additional Skill: [Judgment of Fate] is used once a day. When the wish is revealed, the Wheel of Destiny will rotate. There is a 50% chance of success and a 50% chance of failure. However, fate will determine the success rate and failure rate according to the strength of the wish and the luck of the wish! (This is the Judgment of Fate. It is not affected or enhanced by any additional factors.)

Additional Skill: [Destiny's Judgment] is used once a day. It can judge a single target's fate. After activating it, the Wheel of Destiny will rotate. There is a 50% chance of success. The target who is judged will die immediately. The 50% chance of failure will cause the person who activates the Wheel of Destiny to die immediately! (This death is a choice made by fate. Any revival ability will be nullified. At the same time, the probability will not be affected or enhanced by any additional factors.)

Introduction: Unknown origins. It is said to be the Origin Life Treasure of the Goddess of Destiny. It contains the mysterious and unfathomable power of the Laws of Destiny. Not only is it the representation of the Goddess of Destiny, but it is also the representation of the Heavenly Dao's laws. It is the supreme "fate". Only those who are blessed by the Heavenly Dao, loved by fate, and possess great destiny are qualified to possess this treasure without being devoured by fate!

Qin Luo Sheng: "What?"

He was completely dumbfounded!

Qin Luo Sheng was completely at a loss!

Although he had long known that the dungeon’s only reward would be very fierce, he did not expect it to be to this extent!

From beginning to end, Qin Sheng had never entered a level 55 dungeon!

It was really something!

Damn it!

I almost missed something good!

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng was terrified!

Fortunately, the greed in his heart caused him to use a precious scroll at all costs to create Atlas, allowing him to obtain the Atlas Shield's ability. He also spent a large amount of money to strengthen Mo Bing from head to toe. Using this, he ordered the two of them to sweep through level 55 dungeons before obtaining this terrifying Wheel of Destiny!

"The heavens are really helping me!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but want to laugh wildly. "It seems that the heavens are in my hands. I've even obtained such a great killing weapon without letting anyone else take it. Now, even if the Dragon Emperor himself comes, I finally have some capital to resist!"

Was the Wheel of Destiny strong?

Not strong!

Because it did not have any additional effects, it was not even comparable to an ordinary Iron equipment. Black Iron would at least add a few attributes. No matter how small an ant was, it was still meat!

However, the Wheel of Destiny was extremely powerful!

Due to its characteristics, its supplementary skill and its source – the power it contained!

Laws!

This was the fundamental power of the Wheel of Destiny!

Besides.

These Laws were still the Laws of Destiny. They belonged to the highest level and the most mysterious of the highest tiers!

Corresponding to the Laws of Destiny, even the Death God’s Laws of Death had to step aside, completely incomparable!

The special effect [Fate] was named after fate. It could see the scenes of fate!

This was decided by one's own mental strength!

His spiritual power was too low to even activate!

His mental power is average. Even if it is triggered, it is estimated that he can see a short future, similar to the awakening ability of Observation Haki in One Piece—See the future!

On the other hand, those who could see through karma, see through the river of time, know the trajectory of fate, and so on and so forth, such abilities and great divine powers were probably difficult to be comprehensive even if it was a divine immortal or Buddha, let alone a vegetable like Qin Sheng!

Thus…

This ability could only be used as a decoration for now!

Fate Judgment!

An extremely terrifying ability!

It was equivalent to making a wish!

Except.

This wishing ability was not necessarily successful. Usually, it was 50% and 50%, 50% and 50%, 50% and 50%, half!

But.

A wish needed to bear karma. Some wishes could not be fulfilled!

For example.

Wishing for world peace, world destruction, killing gods and Buddhas, etc!

If Qin Luo had the ability to destroy a planet with a flick of his finger, it would be as simple as flicking a marble. The power of gods and Buddhas could be easily destroyed in his hands. Then, it would be very simple to wish for these desires. The success rate was very high!

Unfortunately.

This was just a dream!

Him.

It was just a noob!

Once the wish was ineffective, he would definitely suffer a backlash!

What was the backlash?

Qin Qin was not very clear.

However, since the Wheel of Destiny was a result of karma, then the outcome would definitely be the opposite of the wish he had made!

For example, if he wished to become the richest man in the world, if he failed, he would naturally become the poorest pauper!

Scared!