Chapter 998: East Imperial, Martial Emperor, And The Terrifying Walker Of Darkness

Indeed.

In less than five minutes, Madman Chu was defeated!

Although five minutes was not a short time, it was a virtual battle for evenly-matched opponents. They would not be injured and affect their combat ability. Even if the fatal parts of the real world were attacked countless times, as long as their health points were still there, they would forever maintain their peak combat ability. If they were to really fight, half an hour was considered very little!

‘ Of course.’

This might have something to do with Madman Chu's personality!

He was originally a frivolous and wild person, and he was also a lightning mage with a violent temper. His fighting style was rather simple and crude, straightforward. Even if he had tactics, they were not dirty tactics, and he did not deliberately delay for time.

On the contrary.

As a sorcerer, he was as brave and fearless as a warrior. He launched a counterattack at Ghost Wheel, which made Ghost Wheel, the archer, flee in a "sorry state", trying to pull away and win with the best attack distance. His temper and fighting style were evident!

"They have indeed underestimated the heroes of the world! This is only the Huaxia warzone. If we look at the whole world, we don't know how strong those experts who appear on the surface or secretly are!"

The first battle ended with Ghost Wheel's victory.

Yet.

On the contrary, Madman Chu's fighting style received even more support. He immediately captured countless fans. If he were to start a live broadcast, his popularity would probably explode!

It was a blessing in disguise!

Qin Luo Sheng was also lamenting.

Even though Ghost Chariot and Madman Chu's damage was far less than his, their adaptability, battle instincts, and battle intelligence when they fought were really eye-catching.

Especially on this map that was really a scene, it was the best way to experience the ability to adapt to the situation. Both of them handed over a good answer sheet.

Qin Luo asked himself, if his strength and equipment were on the same level, he probably wouldn't be able to sit in a more perfect position. At most, he would only be slightly superior. In fact, he might even be inferior to them!

“What’s the point of comparing here? It’s not like I can’t nurture the combat experience I lack! I can acknowledge and admire it, so there’s no need to belittle myself!”

Qin Luo smiled carefreely. "Besides, it's not like I don't have an advantage. Equipment and skills, in addition to the absolute crushing of attributes and props, who can do anything to me? Long before I awakened the talent of the Lord of the Stars, SSS, I had already completely pulled away from ordinary players. Even if it's a top-class expert like Ghost Wheel, it's still the same. Strong ants are still ants!"

Qin Luo Sheng was full of confidence!

No one knew how many experts Qin Sheng had in the entire China war zone. However, on the surface, he was probably the East Imperial and the Martial Emperor who did not show themselves but had great prestige. He was qualified to compete with Qin Sheng!

Those who could pose a threat had to be at least [S] class!

Although he was unwilling to admit it, it could not be denied that talent was the basis of measuring a strong person, just like the foundation!

If one’s foundation was unstable, if one’s foundation was lacking, then one’s innate ability would be weaker!

Hard work?

Forget it!

Less poisonous chicken soup!

Hard work was indeed useful, but it was an insurmountable gap when facing someone with extraordinary talent!

Just like science.

Your decades of hard work was not even comparable to a sudden flash of inspiration!

A great man once said: Genius is 99% sweat and 1% talent!

Most people only knew this sentence, but they did not know that there was another sentence behind this sentence: And this 1% talent was the most important!

"Hu…"

Looking at the second match that had already begun, Qin Sheng let out a heavy sigh of relief. He temporarily put aside his messy thoughts and focused on watching the match.

Looking at the two sides in the second match, the evenly-matched Berserker had all kinds of exquisite tactics that made people couldn't help but clap their hands and exclaim in admiration. Every time he executed a technique that was so wonderful that it made people's blood boil and they couldn't help but want to shout!

If one were to say that the battle between Ghost Chariot and Madman Chu was an extreme pull, it was filled with poetic beauty!

In that case, in this violent confrontation, the visual feast provided by the two operating monsters would cause one's adrenaline to surge!

Unfortunately.

The final victor was still the one with slightly better equipment!

War was about logistics.

This was not just a saying!

It was the same for battles.

When their abilities were on par with each other, the key to the decision was the external factors, which meant that the equipment and props were top-notch!

Whoever had better equipment and better equipment would have a higher chance of winning!

Qin Luo Sheng felt that it was a pity but also a blessing!

It was a pity that the one who had lost was the one whose equipment was slightly lacking, causing him to fail on the verge of success and ultimately stop at the top 32!

Fortunately, in terms of equipment, who else could be better?

When you become the victim, you will feel that everything is so unfair and infuriating!

But when you become a failure, you will feel… how fragrant!

This was how the butt decided the head.

If one's status was different, and one's standing was different, then one's thoughts would be completely different!

Just like an online joke—

XXX is too scary. Luckily, I am the abuser!

The third match.

The fourth match.

The fifth match.

…

One match after another appeared in front of everyone.

Forests, snowy plains, tall mountains, basins, deserts…

Even.

There were also man-made labyrinths, mirror worlds, sky cities, underwater worlds…

The experts who competed in the ring switched to different random battlefields and racked their brains for a battle of wits and courage. Not only did they fight for their own honor, but they also contributed visual feasts to the audience!

While watching the battle.

Qin Luo Sheng naturally saw those experts whom he was familiar with.

Donghuang was a young man who was so handsome that one would feel that he was demonic. He had a warm smile on his face, making people feel as though they were bathing in a spring breeze. He was like a big brother next door. However, his innate noble aura made people feel ashamed of their inferiority. They didn't dare to approach him. Even if they did, they would subconsciously feel inferior to him!

Martial Emperor, just like his name suggested, was about the same age as the East Imperial Kingdom. However, his appearance was very different. He had a square face and a determined look. He looked like a soldier, and his figure was tall and sturdy. When he fought, he was like a boorish man. He was bold, violent, and domineering!

These two people:

One of them was in the north. He was in charge of politics and took the imperial path.

One was in the south, while the other was in the business world, taking the tyrannical route!

They were equally matched.

There were also experts from the other ten guilds, especially the guild leader.

For example, the Blazing Fire Guild's Blaze Old Smoke Spear, the Glimmer Guild's Glimmering Light, the Under Heaven Guild's Heroic Butcher…

Among them.

Qin Luo Sheng, who was the most special and had left the deepest impression on him, was undoubtedly the president of the Murderous Guild's Blacklou—the Dark Walker!

That concealment technique and assassination technique was truly breathtaking!

The Dark Walkers' battle ended the fastest. Even though they drew lots to draw a Shield Specialist who was most effective against Bandits, the surroundings were still empty and there was no cover in the desert!

However, he still managed to reach behind his opponent without his opponent noticing. Every dagger was a critical hit and Critical Damage. Although that Shield Specialist had extremely high health and was not controlled to death, from the start of the battle until the end of the battle, he did not even touch a single hair on the Dark Walker and was played to death!