Chapter 992: Small Fish Crush Machine: Five Poison Demonic Pearl

Another skill—

Destiny's Judgment!

Compared to the Judgement of Fate, this was simple and crude!

It was like a Russian roulette with only two bullets. Either you die or your enemy dies. It was that simple!

Unfortunately.

The Wheel of Destiny was a supreme treasure of the Laws of Karma, and it contained the Laws of Destiny, so it wasn’t affected by any extra factors.

Without this restriction, Qin Luo would have been invincible.

The moment the Lord of the Stars activated his BUG-level ability, the Starlight would increase the probability of success by 100%. Who would dare to provoke the enemy?

This was not an instant kill!

The Instakill effect was very strong, but it was completely ineffective against Bosses of Epic-ranked and above. Otherwise, why would Qin Luo Sheng, who controlled the Starlight Blessing, have to work so hard every time he fought a Boss?

However, the Wheel of Destiny was different because its power originated from the Laws of Fate. It contained the laws of karma, and no existence could escape its punishment unless one had the power of laws stronger than the Laws of Fate, or had the protection of a treasure stronger than the Wheel of Destiny, or had the power of the Laws of Fate to resist it…

Double-edged sword!

Life gambling Flow!

To that.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dislike it!

In a sense, this was his second true trump card!

The first was the Lord of the Stars!

"Fortunately, the Judgement of Fate is not like the Judgement of Fate. The chances are adjusted."

Qin Sheng let out a heavy sigh as he continued to read through the introduction of Destiny's Judgment. "No matter who it is, as long as Destiny's Judgment takes effect, it will be 50% and 50%. The probability of survival is only 50%, and no one can affect it!—This is definitely a great killing weapon against those enemies who are too strong to resist. It might even be more useful than the Lords of the Stars!"

Keep it! Keep it!

He could drop any equipment on his body, but he had to protect this thing well!

Other items could be substituted, but the Wheel of Destiny definitely did not have any. There was only one such item, and there was no longer a different number!

Five Poison Demonic Pearl

Type: Poison Pearl

Grade: Spiritual Treasure

Requirement: None

Effect: Four attributes + 800, Luck -5, Charm -20, Focus + 30

Special Effect: When [Five Poisons] attacks, there will be an additional 50,000 Poison-type damage (will be affected by the poison). There is a chance to trigger the Five Poisons effect: Pain Block is ineffective and doubles (Scorpion), Fire Needle Stab (Snake), respiratory difficulties (Centipede), spasm blindness (Spider), dizziness and numbness (Toad)!

Additional Skill: [Five Poisons Five Elements Formation] Summons the Five Poisons Spirit within the Five Poisons Demonic Pearl. Set up the Five Poisons Five Elements Formation with the Five Elements Formation as the foundation. Attacks all living things within a 50 * 50 radius without discrimination, dealing 500% damage. If the resistance of the poison attribute does not exceed 50%, the damage will be doubled. Additionally, there is a 30% chance of Poison Explosion (Instant Kill). Duration: 30 seconds! Cooldown: 7 days!

Introduction: Five Poisons Demonic Bead is the Five Poisons Divine Cult's supreme treasure. The first Five Poisons Divine Cult Master used five highly toxic Five Poisons Mutated Beasts as the foundation and used their bodies and poisons as catalysts, capturing their souls as the source of their hatred. After soaking in eighty-one types of extreme poisons and refining them for eighty-one years, he finally succeeded. He used the bodies of five Five Poisons Mutated Beasts to refine the Demonic Bead and the soul of hatred as the artifact spirit. Nearly a hundred types of unique poisons were absorbed into the mutated Five Poisons as the energy source. The toxicity was extremely strong!

Bang!

After the Water Vein Spirit Bead and the Blood Demon Bead, the third Spiritual Treasure was here!

Although the three Spiritual Beads each had their own unique characteristics and had different environments and preconditions to deal with different enemies, each of them had an effect that could not be compared to the other two, it was undeniable that the Five Poison Demonic Bead was stronger!

The first attribute bonus was definitely No1!

The special effects were even more invincible.

A fixed damage of up to 50,000 points. Other than Shield Specialists and Berserkers who could resist it, which other job could not directly GG?

Even if this effect was affected by poison resistance, who would have a high resistance to poison?

Besides.

Even if the poison resistance was maxed out, due to the restrictions of the rules, it could only be raised to 80% at most. Even if the effect was only 20% effective, it could still deal 10,000 fixed damage!

That was real violence!

Not only that.

The Five Poison Demonic Pearl also had a chance to trigger the Five Poison effect!

This was a simultaneous trigger, not a single trigger, only one!

That would be too awesome!

It was almost equivalent to being hit. Even if one did not die, they would immediately lose their combat ability and would even suffer unimaginable pain. After all, the pain block was ineffective and doubled. Coupled with the other four types of toxins, it was inevitable that they would be in so much pain that they wished they were dead!

The special effects exploded, and the skill was also quite powerful. It was the standard of a forbidden spell!

He could tell the exact effect with a single glance. There was no need to elaborate!

"This is indeed the only reward for the official Instance Dungeon, Grand Yin Tyrant! The reward from an Instance Dungeon can create a terrifying expert! If these equipment and props were gathered and landed in the hands of one person, it would be earth-shattering!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh.

Wheel of Destiny, punish the strong. If you can't win, then forcefully swap your life. Activate the Life Betting BUFF. Either you die, or I die!

The Five Poison Magic Bead was used to harvest miscellaneous fishes, and it dealt 50,000 damage. Even top-tier players would not be able to take it, let alone ordinary players. They would basically die if they touched it!

"Ding! The first round of the martial arts conference has ended. Advancement: 13,855,112 people. In one minute, the second round of eliminations will be held. Please prepare for the advancement!"

Almost 14 million people have advanced?

In other words, nearly 20 million people were eliminated in the first round?

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but gasp.

The elimination rate actually exceeded 60%?

"That's good too. Anyway, many players are here to make up the numbers. They just reached Level 50 on the last day. With the qualifications to register, most of the eliminated players are probably this batch!"

"The second round of elimination matches is very annoying. It will continue to be two out of three matches until the top one hundred are decided. There are more than ten million people, but only a hundred remain. How many times does this have to be repeated? It's simply a waste of time!"

…

On the ring.

The second time he had been sent here, Qin Luo's heart was as calm as an ancient well.

"Weeping Soul Beast?"

Then, his opponent was sent in. When he opened his opponent's message and saw the world-famous ID, he was stunned.

Looking up.

She looked at the man who was less than 20 meters away from her. He was wearing a Dragon Sculpture Set that was shining with golden light. He was wearing an evil ghost mask that would cause people to feel fear just by looking at him. On his waist was a colorful Illusionary Spirit ribbon that was enshrouded with seven colors. His cloak fluttered behind him…

Isn't this the configuration of Weeping Soul?

"Am I f*cking lucky or unlucky?"