Chapter 990: The Martial Arts Conference Begins, Meeting Fans On The Arena?

Three days passed in the blink of an eye!

The Martial Arts Conference was finally here!

After three days of crazy attacks, there were originally only 10 million level 50 players in the world, but now, it had increased by more than 20 times, exceeding 200 million!

As for the Chinese war zone, it was worth more than 30 million!

This number was simply terrifying!

Initially, the number of players in the Huaxia warzone was large. In addition, Qin Sheng, this freak, had brought glory to the Huaxia warzone through all sorts of dirty tricks. As a result, the entire warzone had been rewarded by the system. The speed of leveling up had increased. That was why so many players had broken through the encirclement and joined the martial arts conference!

In three days, Qin Sheng himself was a salted fish!

Ever since he borrowed the equipment, he had handed everything over to Ink Ice and Atlas!

Sigh.

The two of them beat up the workers!

Qin Luo Sheng himself was playing HIGH. He was accompanying Mengmeng in the world of fate, while the Damask and Luo Li caused their relationship to rapidly heat up. If it wasn’t for Luo Li being a traditional woman, she would have already been eaten!

Mengmeng and the Damask King were about the same. They were only one step away from maturing!

They could not eat meat in the virtual world, but they had eaten meat in the real world for three consecutive nights!

As a result, Du Qiangwei would avoid him whenever she saw him. Du Mingfang, on the other hand, had a look of deep hatred on her face. Every time she saw Qin Sheng, she would gnash her teeth in hatred!

period.

Qin Luo Sheng also found time to visit his parents, younger siblings, and stayed for the entire afternoon before having dinner!

He had no choice.

Even though he had the memories of his previous self, in reality, Qin Luo's will was still the dominant one. There was truly no foundation for love!

Anyway, there was still Qin Qinzhen's younger brother and Qin Shuang'er. As the so-called big brother, he could only use money to fulfill his filial duties. As for companionship, he would leave it to the two little ones!

At the same time.

He had even secretly gone on a date with Su Youran and succeeded in getting her first kiss and control of her upper body!

Scumbag!

…

"You've worked hard!"

Qin Sheng smiled brightly as he looked at the travel-worn Demonic Armament and Skylifting. He did not feel the slightest bit of guilt towards the black-hearted boss!

"Next up is the Abyss Mode of the level 65 dungeon and the Nightmare Mode of the level 70 dungeon. Please!"

Innocent capitalists are exploiting again.

But what could he do?

Although his avatar had its own independent personality and thoughts, it was still under the control of Qin Sheng's main body. This control was not like Desert Dust's avatar that could control his body, but the order was absolute and had to be carried out. It was the same even if his avatar died!

Three days.

Thanks to the effects of the shared scroll and the synchronized scroll, Ink Ice and Atlas had already cleared the level 55 and level 60 Abyss Mode and successfully obtained the rewards!

Unfortunately.

This kind of BUG method (Weeping Soul Body Level 74) seemed to be recognized by the mainframe, but also seemed to be judged by the mainframe.

Why?

“I’ll let you use your doppelgangers to attack the instance dungeon. It won’t be a problem to obtain the rewards!

But.

Qin Luo Sheng's Weeping Soul Technique did not receive any rewards!

The rewards for the instance dungeon were all given to Ink Ice and Atlas!

In other words…

The four basic attributes that added up to 1,000 points, the special attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute attribute of 10 points, as well as the honor of carving the hero's stone tablet, Qin Sheng did not receive a single one.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about these things either!

Of course, it was good that they did!

No, it was still acceptable!

What Qin Luo Sheng cared about was every special reward item or equipment. For example, the only reward for the level 50 dungeon [Cursed Land]—the Three Pure Dao Scripture!

Fortunately.

The dog system was not ruthless!

The attribute reward was given to the avatar avatar, but the special reward was not bound. He was prepared to thicken his skin and take it over, directly confiscating it!

The only special reward for a level 55 dungeon was the item—Wheel of Destiny!

The only special reward for a level 60 dungeon was the Spiritual Treasure—Five Poison Demon Bead!

"Ding! The Martial Arts Conference has officially begun. The participating players will be teleported to the competition arena in one minute to challenge the randomly assigned opponents. The victor of the five matches will advance to the next round!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out his hand from his backpack.

Forget about the spoils of war for now!

There was a hint of anticipation!

After I warm my wine and kill my opponent, I'll win three battles. After I advance successfully, it won't be too late for me to come back and take a good look!

One minute later!

"The Martial Arts Conference has officially begun. Now, you are about to be teleported to a specialized arena. Do you agree?"

Was there a need to ask?

"Agreed!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng could not open his eyes due to the sudden bright light. He subconsciously closed his eyes. A few seconds later, when he opened them again, he realized that he was already on a huge arena!

100 * 100?

F*ck!

This was an arena for one-on-one battles, and it was also an arena for two armies to fight!

Isn't it too big?!

"Ah… Boss Weeping Soul Beast?"

A high-pitched scream pulled Qin Sheng's consciousness back. He turned around and saw a young man in armor looking at him excitedly about 20 meters away!

Emmmmm…

Did he meet a fan?

"Hello!"

To be able to meet in a random match of over 30 million yuan, this could be considered fate!

He must have met quite a few people during this Martial Arts Conference. As long as there were no grudges between them, like that group of people from the Thunder Union, Qin Sheng would not treat them with a scowl like a fool!

"Boss Weeping Soul, can I add you as a friend?"

The Berserker asked expectantly.

"Sorry! I'm not adding you as a friend!"

Qin Luo Sheng rejected without even thinking.

This was not because his friend list was expensive. Of course, this was indeed the case. A long time ago, there were rich people who were not short of money who offered extremely high prices for a friend list!

If not for the establishment of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, the establishment of Food Immortal, as well as the exorbitant profits from buying potions and selling military fire (equipment) to allow Qin Sheng to have no lack of money, perhaps he, a loser in the real world, might really be able to sell his friend status, or even take someone to earn money at a cost!

"Then… can we take a picture together?"

After being rejected mercilessly, the Berserker youngster's face was filled with disappointment. However, he turned around and gathered his courage to ask, "I'm your fan, I…"

"Sure." Qin Sheng, who was nagging like Tang Seng, suddenly felt a headache. He immediately agreed to the fans' request. "There's no problem with taking a picture together!"

"That's great!"

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

After taking several pictures together, the young warrior counted down the seconds in the system. Just as the battle was about to begin, he left reluctantly. The regret in his eyes sent a chill down Qin Sheng's spine!

Ding… Player Crazy Xiao Yi admits defeat. You have won this battle. Points + 2! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the heck!

I haven't even pulled out my f * * king sword, and I've already won?

Looking up.

Qin Luo Sheng's face twitched involuntarily as he looked at the ring that had been sent out by the system because he had lost the match. He suddenly felt exhausted!

——————

< EMPTY >