Chapter 997: First Battle

"Let's wait for good news!"

After obtaining victory, Qin Sheng did not stop at all and left the stage!

Then.

He returned to the Luo Shen Residence and turned on the live broadcast channel to watch the other players who were still fighting!

The others did not mind. Qin Luo was more concerned about the performance of Qing Si and the other girls. He wanted to see who their enemies were and whether they could advance!

Although there was hope in his heart, there was nothing he could do. The chances were slim!

Tsk.

Don't look down on the experts of the Huaxia warzone!

True.

In terms of level, it was Qing Si and the others who had the upper hand. However, they were not like Qin Sheng, who had reached level 74 and had absolutely crushed them. It was impossible for them to win these top 100 contestants who had an average level of around level 58 by suppressing their levels!

‘ Of course.’

Azuresilk and the other girls didn't just rely on their levels. They were also super first-rate players!

However, it could not be denied that in terms of combat ability and combat skills, they were still rather weak. They were only between the first and second tier. Even the strong ones on the surface were inferior, let alone those who were hidden in the dark.

So.

The chances of advancing were extremely slim!

What a joke!

This was the top 32!

Although it was not absolute, the people who advanced to the top 32 were definitely the strongest 32 people in the Huaxia Battlefront. However, it was undeniable that this strength was definitely worthy of this ranking. They were all capable and not much weaker!

Indeed.

Black Silk was a Priest to begin with. Even if it was a hidden job, its damage was too low and its damage was too low. It was eliminated!

Initially, Mu Mu had a high chance of winning. However, due to his low IQ, he met the vice president of the East Imperial Pavilion and was eliminated!

Su Youran was a Summoner. Without a doubt, she was unlucky to have met the president of the Murder Guild's black tower. She was eliminated!

Indigo Collar was an Elven archer. He was the most unlucky one to have met a famous Martial Emperor and was eliminated without any resistance!

Cats and cats did not even make it into the top 100. They were eliminated early in the final round!

Nainai was eliminated just like a cat!

In the entire Atlas Mercenary Group, there was only him, the captain, and—Vegetable Girl!

This girl's strength was not bad, and her battle instincts were very sharp. No wonder she could inherit the Ghostblade's ability!

In addition, her luck was quite good. The opponent she met was a fire mage that was countered. Her damage output was explosive, but against a ghostly Ghostblade like her, it was truly difficult to contend against. After fighting for nearly ten minutes, she was finally taken down!

Other than that.

Without any surprise, Yatu advanced!

Feng Xingtian, everything went quite smoothly. Unfortunately, he encountered someone even stronger than him, eliminated!

Dazzling Dance, eliminated!

Eat my saber and be eliminated!

…

These were the elite teams that had entered the dungeon together and belonged to the Elegance Room. Other than the Elegance Room, the entire team had been annihilated. It was truly tragic!

Rose would not be any better!

Other than Sanguine Primrose, the other girls that he knew and got along with were all eliminated.

In the entire Sanguine Rose, only Du Qiangwei, the president, and the vice-president of Qin Sheng, who was not happy about it, had managed to advance to the next round. They had managed to save some face, and it was much better than the Elegance Room!

‘ Of course.’

The one who suffered the most was not the Elegance Room, but the Thunder Guild. They were completely wiped out. Even their guild leader, Mad Thunder, was killed. It was a tragic one!

Almost half an hour.

The semifinals had finally ended!

Initially, they did not need that long. However, they had no choice but to meet a group that was clearly arranged by the system. Shield Specialist and Shield Specialist. The damage caused by the Gua Gua was almost disgusting!

“Good. After a tense and exciting round of competition, our top 32 has finally been born!”

The semifinals were over. Immediately, the semifinals began.

This time, it wasn't a simple live broadcast of the previous 50 images. Instead, it was a series of PKs. The hosts were already on stage.

"…Now, please allow the mainframe system to start matching the two contestants in the first round!"

There wasn't much of a long speech. This made the comments of the people watching the match lessen.

At the same time.

The ticket sales on the Internet had already started long ago. In addition to watching the live broadcast of the ticket delivery and other activities, very quickly, the mirror space was like the ancient Roman Colosseum. It was a huge venue that could accommodate millions of people. People were transported in one after another, and in less than five minutes, it was full!

"Why is it so explosive the moment it's here?"

As a contestant, Qin Sheng was not present to watch the match. Besides, even if he wanted to, he did not have a ticket!

If they wanted to continue watching the show, they would have to buy more tickets.

In the top 32, there were a total of 16 PK matches. That was 16 million votes. It was not a small number.

But.

It was true that there were many players!

Besides.

There wasn't just one ticket per person, so they wouldn't be selling anymore!

Everyone was allowed to purchase items repeatedly, but in a PK, one could only purchase one. There was such a limitation!

After all.

One ticket could only be used to watch a PK match. It was equivalent to watching a concert with a ticket. If you wanted to continue watching a "concert", you could buy a new ticket. Was there anything wrong with that?

This way…

The chances of purchasing tickets were greatly reduced again!

Still.

It didn't matter anymore.

As a participant, going onto the stage was the right way. Why would he go to the spectating stage?

"The first battle, against both sides—"

[ID: Madman Chu]

Level: LV 59

Occupation: Lightning Mage

Power: None

[ID: Ghost Car

Level: LV 60

Occupation: Storm God Archer

Power: East Imperial Pavilion

That's right!

The first battle was actually the Vice-President of the East Imperial Pavilion, Gui Che!

This guy.

Qin Luo Sheng was very familiar with it!

Back then, they had exchanged quite a lot of potions with him. They could be considered as his special liaison with the East Imperial Pavilion.

Except.

Unexpectedly, this guy had reached level 60 and even obtained a hidden class—Storm God Archer!

No wonder he was the Vice-President of the East Imperial Pavilion. No wonder he was the legendary East Imperial's assistant. He was indeed impressive!

Eccentric Chu was a loner. He was a loner and had the same character as his ID. He was arrogant. Even when facing the famous Ghost Chariot, the second-in-command of the East Imperial Pavilion, and an expert second only to the East Imperial Continent, he didn't show any signs of fear. Instead, he was extremely excited!

Unfortunately.

His foundation was still lacking!

Looking at the equipment's glow and the halo surrounding it, it could not be compared to Ghost Chariot at all! (The glow came from the equipment, and each grade was different. However, the halo surrounding the equipment was a show of strengthening. The number of enhancements was different, the color of the halo was different, and + 7 and above had a halo surrounding it.)

"Randomly choosing a real battlefield environment—Forest!"

Oh wow!

It was completely hopeless now!

The forest was the strongest battle environment for archers!

Even though Madman Chu was a Lightning Mage and had less restrictions than a Shield Specialist's Berserker, his own hardware (equipment) was still worse than his opponent's. Furthermore, his job was relatively weaker than Xiao Ke's (Archers slightly countered Mages). Now, he did not get a favorable combat environment. How miserable!

The timing, location, and people were not on his side.

What should he do?

Win with his head?