Chapter 994: Qin Luo'S Mentality Explode, Large Scale Death Scene

With an inquisitive mind, he continued reading.

Then.

Qin Luo's face turned green!

"What is this?"

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded as he looked at the captivating post, especially the photo that had obviously been photoshopped in the post, as well as the earth-shattering love story. His mind instantly exploded!

Damn!

What a genius!

It had originally been an extremely normal photo, but it had actually been edited into such a flowery work. Invisible and imaginative, it was the most fatal. In terms of judging the flow and self-image, I, Qin Sheng, am willing to call you the strongest!

"I'm afraid my reputation will be ruined because of this!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance. It was supposed to be a photo of the two of them standing side by side and leaving a gap between them. The most intimate part was merely that cute girl hugging her arm slightly. It was perfectly normal. But why was it that under the influence of that detestable title, coupled with those stories, it made one's imagination run wild?

It was especially so for one of the girls. She boldly photoshopped some pink bubbles and stars, changing the color of her back view. It was so gaudy that it really looked like what was described in a romance drama story!

…

It was a large-scale shooting scene!

"Damn it, luckily I didn't take off my mask. Otherwise, I would have lost all my face!"

Qin Qin Sheng felt very fortunate.

In a moment of impulse, he decided to show his ID to others and readily agreed to take a photo and autograph!

Unexpectedly.

They actually created such a good show!

Look at the popularity, look at the comments below!

Tsk!

How could a group of people be so free? Instead of eating melons and playing jokes here, they might as well go to the next dungeon. Wouldn't it be nice to grind?

"Looks like I have to change my strategy!"

Qin Qin Sheng covered his head and secretly made up his mind.

Previously, he didn't think much of it, but after seeing these few posts, his thoughts completely changed. Especially the comments below, it made him quite frightened.

F*ck, wouldn't he go crazy if he met someone even more weird?

Sigh!

That was true!

A ring fight was a ring fight, so what was the point of mixing so many other things?

Why did he have to turn it into a fan meeting? Wasn't he a complete idiot?

Anyway, it was just a spur of the moment. He would just settle down and not cause any more trouble!

Soon.

The second round of points competition had also ended.

As expected.

All the people they knew had advanced, especially the girls in the Atlas Mercenary Corps. Needless to say, except for a few unlucky ones who had been assigned to the top-tier experts, all the other members had won the enemy within a minute and obtained points!

"Ding… The third round of points competition will begin in one minute. Do you want to be teleported to the arena?"

Qin Luo ignored him!

On the stage, the information must be displayed as follows:

[ID: Weeping Soul

Level: LV74

Class: Atlas Shield

It was simple.

He could choose to block his ID, but his level and occupation could not!

This gave the players the right to protect their privacy, but it also ensured the fairness of the arena matches. After all, without knowing the opponent's level and class, it was the most direct way to understand the opponent's basic information!

With this information, it would greatly prevent the enemy from pretending to be weak!

For example, Qin Luo was first-rate and could totally equip himself with a set of mixed equipment. That sort of equipment that did not have any professional requirements made it impossible for others to guess the real profession, thus leading to the opponent making the wrong judgment.

Thus…

It was not surprising for Magicians to charge in and Bandits to fight Shield Specialists head-on!

With the level and class restrictions that could not be blocked, these situations no longer existed!

To be able to request to participate in the Martial Arts Conference at this time, he was definitely not a fool. There should be very few moves that could be done in two strokes. Furthermore, no matter how ridiculous it was, it would not be so ridiculous!

The reason why Qin Luo Sheng did not teleport into the ring immediately was that even if he blocked his ID, he would be recognized by his unique equipment and thus exposed.

Asking for autographs and photos was not a big deal. He was just afraid that those people who got autographs and photos would post them on Tieba and write romantic dramas. Who could stand all these nonsense?

So.

He should just wait for the last few seconds before entering!

When the time came.

Even if he was recognized, he had no time to cause trouble for his opponent!

Once the countdown ended and he could make his move, he would be KO-ed in a second. Wasn't that nice?

He was not a homebody who was good at dealing with such things. It was really difficult for him to do things like teasing idols and celebrities!

Now it was good.

It was just a battle. Everything else aside, that was great!

"There are only 10 seconds left until the teleportation time. Passing the time will be considered giving up voluntarily. 9,87,6…"

When the countdown reached five seconds, Qin Luo chose to teleport.

White light flashed.

Qin Luo Sheng appeared on the familiar ring.

As for his opponent, he had already been teleported in and was quietly waiting for his enemy.

When he saw the iconic equipment and mask, the Berserker with the ID "I Want to Be Heaven" was immediately excited.

Damn it!

It was a Weeping Soul Beast!

As someone who liked surfing on the Internet, he naturally had already scrolled through the official forums!

Looking at those lucky people post pictures with Weeping Souls and showing off their ugly signatures, I'm so envious!

It was fine if it was a group photo, but the autographs were bought by countless rich people waving their money around. Especially those little fangirls who were crying their hearts out, the sweet and delicate rich ladies. A crappy autograph was almost beaten out of their brains by them. The price was so shocking that it was terrifying!

Besides.

This was just a small head.

Those who knew how to operate had long written their own experiences and encounters into stories. Life-and-death relationships, overbearing CEOs, deep brotherly love, righteousness…

Good Lord.

What a waste not to write novels!

Except.

Those with discerning eyes knew what was going on, but they were all watching with relish.

Firstly, it was because he had a guilty conscience!

Secondly, it was the celebrity effect of Weeping Soul Beast!

Seeing that other people relied on a signature and a few photos to gain so much popularity, in such a short period of time, their income was comparable to an ordinary person's lifetime. Who wouldn't be envious?

I'm so envious!

However, he also knew that such a thing had the same chance of winning the lottery. It was not something he could hope for.

Unexpectedly.

Ever since he was young, the biggest prize he had won was' one more bottle '. To think that he would be so lucky to encounter the Weeping Soul Beast. He did not need to do anything on purpose. He only needed to encounter the' money tree 'that could change his life!

"Boss Weeping Soul Beast, I…"

Swoosh!

Excitement and exhilaration. Before I can utter a complete sentence.

What awaited him was an afterimage after the countdown, as well as a flash of sword gleam.