Chapter 996: Hidden Rules Of The Top 100 Elimination Round

"Ding… The third round of the martial arts tournament, the elimination round of the top 100 to 32, is about to begin. You have one minute to prepare!"

A familiar system prompt sounded.

Qin Luo still chose to wait!

Although he believed in the quality of the top 100 players and that it should not be a problem to have many players watching the live broadcast, Qin Luo Sheng still chose to avoid it if possible!

Three seconds after the countdown.

Only then did Qin Luo Sheng confirm that it was a teleportation!

"Both parties are teleported to the arena. The battle will begin in 30 seconds. Please get ready!"

Oh.

Was there an extra 30 seconds of preparation time before the battle?

As expected of the top 100, there were many more B's!

[ID: Furious Dragon Canglan

Level: LV 58

Job: Berserker

Level 58 Berserker?

F*ck!

Why was it another Berserker?

Starting from Infinite Swordsmanship, to I Want To Equal To Heaven, and now to Furious Dragon Canglan. Am I fighting with a Berserker?

"Weeping Soul!"

Qin Luo Sheng was still ridiculing Qin Luo when Nu Long Canglan, who was opposite him, trembled all over. His eyes were wide open, and besides disbelief, there was also despair in his eyes!

It wasn't easy for him to enter the top 100, but in the blink of an eye, he encountered Weeping Soul!

Champion dream.

It shattered!

Who could they reason with?

He had a mental breakdown!

"Boss, my life is tough!"

Raging Dragon Canglan had a sorrowful look on his face. That sincere look with tears in his eyes made Qin Sheng feel sorry for him.

"Sigh!"

With a sigh, Nu Canglan was, after all, a top-tier expert. Even though he had some luck in entering the top 100, his strength was not bad. Very quickly, he adjusted his mentality and said to Qin Luo, "Boss, please sign your name and friend list!"

"…Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated for a moment before relenting and agreeing.

The autograph was just a casual gesture. As long as he was not harassed for no reason, he would be nothing but a decoration!

Meeting in the top 100 was also a kind of fate!

Further back.

The people he met were definitely stronger big shots. Perhaps they were all familiar figures.

These people.

Either they already knew each other and their IDs were in the friend list, or they didn't care about this friend list at all!

There wouldn't be too much trouble!

"Thank… Thank you, Boss!"

Furious Dragon Canglan was obviously stunned. Perhaps even he did not expect that he would really reach the legendary Weeping Soul Friend slot just by mentioning it.

You have to know.

Countless rich fans were waving huge amounts of money around. There was even a group of fair, rich, and beautiful ladies. All of them had good looks, devil-like figures, backgrounds, and money. They were all willing to offer themselves as a pillow.

A loser like him actually got it!

It was as if he was in a dream!

"Boss, please advise!"

Looking happily at the ID "Weeping Soul" on his friend list, Furious Dragon Canglan looked at the countdown of five seconds and suddenly retracted his expression. He said seriously, "Although you are overestimating yourself, I also want to know how far you are from an existence like the big boss!"

Qin Luo nodded and calmly pulled out the Sacred Dragon Sword. "As you wish!"

Furious Dragon Blue Sea:…

What the heck?

Sword?

Aren't you a Guardian with a hidden job?

Where was the shield?

Is your Shield Specialist weapon a sword?

"5, 4, 3, 2, 1!"

There was no time to think.

Five seconds passed in the blink of an eye.

When the system countdown reached 1, Raging Dragon Canglan stomped on the ground and charged forward like a bull.

The twenty-meter distance between them was instantly covered by this wild speed!

"As expected of the top 100 contestants, they really have some skill!"

Qin Luo praised.

In fact.

In the second half of the elimination round yesterday, he had seen many experts who were not weak.

At that stage, there would definitely be very few weaklings. 99% of them would advance based on their abilities and not relying on the system to randomly match their luck!

Clang!

The Epic Strengthening + 8 Single-Handed Sword, which had not been concealed, glowed under the control of the Furious Dragon Blue Sea and slashed heavily on Qin Sheng, who had yet to move.

However!

MISS!

A huge MISS shone above Qin Luo's head!

Furious Dragon Canglan's fighting spirit instantly disappeared, and was replaced by extreme astonishment!

"Why… why?"

The hand of the Furious Dragon Navy Tide was shaking. It was because of the powerful recoil that the web between his thumb and index finger was hurting, his arm was numb and shaking, and it was also because of the great impact on his mind that he was trembling in disbelief. "Why, the difference is so great!"

"My level—74!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not bear to strike a blow at Furious Dragon Canglan. Looking at how he looked like he was about to collapse, he did not say such heartless words like "the difference between you and me is like the difference between heaven and earth". Instead, he avoided the important and lightly shifted the question to the level.

‘ Of course.’

This was not nonsense.

Level was indeed a huge factor.

Qin Luo Sheng, level 74!

Furious Dragon Blue Sea, Level 58!

The difference in level was more than 10 levels. This was simply despairing!

Beyond Level 10 was an absolute difference. It was very normal for all attacks to become MISS!

It was the same when fighting a BOSS or a player!

"Sigh!"

Furious Dragon Canglan was stunned for a moment before his expression relaxed greatly. It seemed like he had accepted this explanation. He looked at Qin Sheng with a bitter smile and said, "This is really helpless! Big brother, your level is too high! Right now, there are only a few people who can pose a threat to you. There aren't even two hands. No matter how strong the others are, once the level gap surpasses 10 levels, they will completely lose hope!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in understanding.

What Nu Long Cang Lan said was true!

As for the "few people" he mentioned, it was likely that no one else knew. They were all members of the Atlas Mercenary Corps!

Apart from Azuresilk and the others, who had obtained a lot of benefits from the hidden quest of the Mercenary King, their levels had risen by 10 levels. At this moment, who else had surpassed level 60?

Yes!

There were two!

East Imperial and Martial Emperor!

Unfortunately.

These two experts, who were supposed to rely on their true abilities, could only sullenly fall in front of the hacker!

How could a real player beat a hacker?

It was a fair loss!

Ding… Player Long Canglan admits defeat, Weeping Soul Beast wins, upgrade automatically! '

Ding… battle time: 11 seconds. After all top 100 matches are over, the top 32 winners who used the least amount of time will advance to the top 32! '

F*ck!

Cruel and heartless!

Upon hearing the prompt from the system, Qin Luo was instantly shocked.

This damn system is starting to stir up trouble!

"Tsk tsk, I guess a lot of people are doomed this time!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but reveal a mischievous smile.

There was no prior notice!

If they knew that the top 100 would advance to the 32nd place, they would probably risk their lives in battle!

Now.

Without knowing, many people might have been scammed!

Also…

In the first place, there were as many experts as the clouds in the sky in the top 100, unless it was like Qin Zhen crushing them like this. Normally speaking, the difference in combat strength wasn't very big, and the duration of the battle wouldn't be short to begin with.

This way…

Using time to settle the bill was simply a scam!

This was especially true for the contestants who had encountered difficult enemies and were evenly matched with themselves. They were almost eliminated. Even if they won, they would be eliminated due to insufficient slots and too much time. They would really cry until they fainted in the toilet!