Chapter 993: Martial Arts Conference? No! This Is Fans Meeting

"Am I f*cking lucky or unlucky?"

This Berserker player with the ID "Infinite Swordsmanship" instantly cried.

It was not easy for him to pass the first round of preliminaries, and he had just entered the elimination round when he encountered such a devil. Was this fate?

The most detestable thing was that the preliminary round was three wins out of five, and the elimination round was two wins out of three!

Needless to say, he had lost this round. Facing the legendary big shot Weeping Soul, did he want to overturn the heavens?

So.

In the next two rounds, only those who had won all would be able to advance and continue participating in the elimination round!

But this…

The chances were slim!

A match was also based on looks!

Him!

He encountered Weeping Soul Beast in the first round. Wasn't his face dark enough?

Tears of sorrow immediately flowed down the non-mainstream bloodline!

"Boss, I'm so miserable!"

Infinite Swordsmanship wailed as he started sobbing. He looked rather sad.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Qin Sheng, who was waiting for his fans to come forward and ask for autographs and photos, was dumbfounded on the spot!

What's going on, little brother?

Are you that excited to see me?

Surely not!

She was not a girl, yet she was so emotional that she was crying?

What the heck!

Are you a fan of late-stage cancer!?

This performance.

What should he say?

I can only give you 32 likes to express my sincerity!

Good luck.

Olly!

"Boss, can you sign and take a picture with me?"

Qin Luo: "（ ）

Damn!

Was this what he meant by 'you're suffering'?

Qin Sheng could not help but feel speechless when he saw the look of anticipation on Qin Luo's face.

Young man.

You've fallen!

Bastard.

Return me my gratitude!

I originally thought that you were an ambitious person because you looked like you had nothing to live for. Because you met an invincible opponent, you felt sad for yourself. Blue skinny, shiitake mushroom!

But what are you now?

What's the difference between him and those fellows I encountered in the first round?

"Hai, come on!"

She sighed silently.

Qin Luo Sheng felt that the wind on the ring was somewhat noisy.

People.

In the end, he would live the life he hated the most!

Like him.

Originally, he was a straight man who had sworn an oath with the five ladies to be the angels protecting each other. But now, he had abandoned a bunch of secondary harem and became a lowly bootlicker. He was tragically conquered by a three dimensional woman!

The young man in front of him had infinite swordsmanship. Listening to this ID, Second Brother had stabbed the ape. Now, he looked like a little puppy waiting for its master to give it meat. Where was your soul?

"Although I'm overestimating myself, I still want to give it a try!"

After receiving his idol's autograph and photo, Infinite Sword was very happy. He put the precious and important item into his backpack. Then, he immediately "turned hostile" and said, "To be able to be assigned to the same arena as my idol is really my luck. I want to see how strong this world's peak is!"

Qin Sheng:…

Young man.

You have a lot of ideas!

"If that's the case, then prepare well!" Qin Sheng took a deep look at the Infinite Swordsmanship and then glanced at the countdown of the battle. At this moment, the countdown had already reached the last 10 seconds. He said, "I only hope that you can accept it and not be unable to recover from this setback!"

"Of course!" The Infinite Swordsmanship revealed its white teeth and smiled. "I won't be defeated so easily! Without a peak, how can I climb?"

"Ambitious!"

Qin Luo Sheng was inexplicably infected. He looked at the Infinite Swordsmanship as if he was looking at his past self and could not help but give a thumbs up!

3!

2!

1!

The competition began!

Swish…

An afterimage flashed past. It was like the howling of the wind and the lightning running!

Qin Luo Sheng's figure grew larger in the eyes of the Infinite Sword!

"Is he really that strong?"

It was as if he was dancing an elegant waltz. As the god-like man approached, the dazzling sword radiance followed suit. The dazzling golden radiance filled his pupils.

"So fast!"

Maintaining the stance of drawing the sword, the sword at his waist was only pulled out by three centimeters. The Infinite Swordplay had already lost its strength and the strength to pull it out completely!

"Ding… Victory has been decided!"

The system's cold prompt sounded.

A white light suddenly flashed.

The young man called Infinite Swordsmanship had already disappeared!

Him!

Defeated!

"Alas, it's boring!" Qin Sheng, who stood with his sword in hand, looked at the empty ring and instantly felt a sense of loneliness at the top. "Being invincible is always confusing!"

F*ck.

‘ Anyone?’

Come and beat this pretentious prick to death!

Yes!

It's almost here!

System: "You have won the elimination round. You have accumulated 1 point. You can choose to leave and rest for five minutes. You can also choose to match your opponent immediately!"

Qin Sheng who was posturing: "…"

"Match the opponent immediately!"

He ordered in frustration!

Soon.

The second opponent came!

Another man!

Fortunately.

This guy, who looked to be at least thirty years old, was more mature. Although he asked for an autograph and a photo, he was very restrained. He was rational and did not do anything out of line.

‘ Of course.’

To be able to come this far, he was naturally not an ordinary person!

Similar to the Infinite Swordsmanship, he also wanted to fight, not surrender without fighting!

Qin Luo was satisfied.

It was the same treatment as Infinite Swordsmanship. One sword was sent back to his hometown!

Ding… congratulations on winning two matches in a row and passing the second round of points competition! '

Qin Luo Sheng immediately chose to leave.

"Not bad. Finally, there are two players who dare to draw their swords at me. It seems that there is no lack of brave men in the Chinese war zone!"

Qin Luo Sheng was in a good mood. He was not as depressed as he was in the first round of the points competition. He did not even have the chance to draw his sword before the other party admitted defeat.

Yet.

Qin Luo opened the forum happily to see if there were any interesting news about this earth-shattering event. Were there any videos of hidden experts fighting? The post that had been highlighted on the front page of the forum made the smile on his face disappear instantly!

"The Story I Must Tell with Weeping Souls [Illustration]"

"Weeping Soul and My Life-and-Death Affair [Image]"

"In the world of the strong, my battle with Weeping Souls' pinnacle is [Image]"

'A tiger at close range touches its idol. The overbearing CEO Weeping Soul Big Brother [Image attached]'

…

WCNM!

Qin Luo's mentality immediately collapsed!

He hurriedly clicked on it!

Indeed.

It was those fans who requested for a group photo and autograph in the ring!

"Am I that naive?"

When he saw the picture attached, the domineering figure in the Sacred Dragon Set with the evil spirit mask on his face, the petite and cute girl beside him, or the little brother with a bright smile on his face, Qin Luo Sheng was bewildered.

This.

What's wrong with that?