Chapter 995: The Fierce Match Begins

The same recipe, the same taste.

If Infinite Sword was created here, it would definitely shout, "I've seen this episode!"

The difference was…

The Infinite Swordsmanship had obtained what he wanted and brought out his peak state, wanting to test his strength and capabilities. It could be considered a glorious defeat!

However, the man in front of him was very sullen!

Initially, he had wanted to get Weeping Souls' autographs and photos, sell his autographs, and make a fortune. At the same time, he could also use the photos to make up or get his hands to edit them, creating an article that was' emotional (dog) human (blood) lungs (evil) internal (heart) '. He could even use Weeping Souls' popularity and traffic to attract many fans to come and spend. From there, the traffic would increase and he would be rich!

Unfortunately.

In the end, a beautiful dream was just a dream. It did not come true!

Accompanied by the dazzling brilliance that filled his eyes.

Dream.

Broken!

One strike, instant kill!

White light soared into the sky.

"That is the representation of death, the representation of elimination, and also the manifestation of me leaving with great resentment!

"I nearly did it again!"

How could Qin Sheng not see his opponent's thoughts? It was clearly written on his face!

Fortunately.

Fortunately, it was only a matter of time before it was destroyed.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng had never expected that even though he had already done it to this extent, he still could not avoid the tragedy of being eaten by the masses and the heat!

Soon.

A post with a video attached appeared on the forum.

Then, the popularity soared.

* * * * * * * * *

Damn!

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

…

"Congratulations on your victory, one point!"

"You can choose to leave and rest for five minutes before fighting again, or you can immediately match your opponent!"

"I choose to leave!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate at all and chose an option he had never chosen before.

Instantly.

His body was carried away by the white light, leaving this enormous competition arena.

"D * mn, what a joke!"

Qin Sheng returned to the courtyard of the Luo Shen Residence and sat down on the rattan chair. He picked up a cup of tea that was still warm at the side and drank it in one gulp. "If I continue to stay there to match up with my opponent, wouldn't I have to wait for a minute of preparation for nothing? If another f*cking weirdo comes, how should I deal with it? I don't want another weird post to appear on the forum. I have a wonderful and touching story!"

He subconsciously opened the official forum.

A glance.

He heaved a sigh of relief.

Luckily.

Other than the previous posts, there were no other weird posts related to him.

"Wait!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to close the forum, for some reason, Fu Sheng suddenly had an idea. He clicked to the top right and included a few keywords, then clicked on the search.

Instantly.

Dozens of posts appeared.

Choice—

First published!

A post popped up.

* * * * * * * *

Her hand trembled as she opened it.

Looking at the video that added up to less than three seconds, which was when he teleported to the arena and activated it after one to two seconds, all the way until he killed his opponent instantly, the entire process was really only three seconds. It was shot from the first angle!

Don't think that three seconds was nothing. Qin Sheng was dumbfounded by the thousands of words below.

Three seconds, you can f * * king write so many words?

"Ah, the thread owner is so impressive. He actually met Weeping Soul Boss!"

"Boss Weeping Soul Beast loves me!"

"Ai, I also seem to have been blessed by the Weeping Soul Boss!”

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, don't contact me, f*ck me!"

"Do you believe me? I'm already wet!"

"Tsk! What rubbish video? What rubbish story? It's simply unbearable to watch. I f*cking lost interest after watching it a hundred times!"

"Ah, Big Brother Weeping Soul is so mighty! The poster's first view is truly amazing. It allowed Big Brother Weeping Soul's domineering aura to be fully displayed!"

"One Second Real Man! Praise!"

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were soulless as he looked at these comments filled with all sorts of wolf and tiger words. For some reason, his heart twitched and his body spasmed!

eyes.

He could not help but land on the poster of the post. Looking at the words "I Want To Be Heaven", Qin Luo Sheng's lips moved a few times before finally spitting out a few words.

"F*ck your mom!"

…

One day.

He would settle the first half of the elimination round with extreme efficiency!

There were more than 30 million participants in the Huaxia Battlefront, and they had been reduced to the top 100!

In order to have more energy to deal with the upcoming matches, most of the players who had successfully entered the top 100 did not stay up late, nor did they have to work hard. They obediently went offline to rest and conserve their energy!

Qin Luo Sheng was no exception.

The next day.

Qin Qin Sheng got up from Du Qiangwei's bed to recharge himself. After that, he was in high spirits!

Looking at the sleeping beauty who was still sleeping soundly, he got off the bed quietly and returned to his room!

After washing up, she went to the dining room for breakfast.

After eating his fill, he rested for a while to digest the food. Looking at the time, it was almost time. He then laid down in the gaming capsule and entered the game!

"Today's top 100 is a one-on-one elimination round. If you lose one round, you'll be GG. There's no winning team. There are so many tricks in the loser team!"

Qin Luo recalled the rules of the martial arts conference and stroked his chin as he pondered. "Moreover, from now on, we will no longer be unknown. Every match will be broadcasted live. There will even be spectators at the top 32!"

If it was a live broadcast.

It should be restrained, right?

Qin Luo Sheng did not believe his own words!

‘ Of course.’

They had all entered the top 100. Even if there were civilian experts, there shouldn't be too many of them. After all, this was the game world, stats and attributes were very important. And with money, there was a high chance of stats overlapping.

In other words.

The ratio of the top 100 was extremely high!

Such people.

They were rich and famous. Most of them were famous people. It would have been fine if they did not have a live broadcast. Perhaps, they would have asked for autographs and photos like the ones they had seen before. However, they would still have some face if they had a live broadcast!

Even if he was a celebrity, he would not do anything too out of line!

Besides.

This was a live broadcast and everyone could see what was going on.

After that, there would not be such ridiculous posts. All sorts of stories would appear so casually and it would make one's head hurt!

"Get ready, it will start in ten minutes!"

The battles of the top 100 would be broadcasted live. However, because the battles were carried out simultaneously, there would be a 1v1 and a hundred players. There would be a total of fifty battles, which meant that there would be fifty scenes!

The main stage was accompanied by a host and commentator. They would follow the direction of the director and move back and forth in the 50 scenes, looking for the explosive points. The audience was very interested in watching and commentating!

Someone would ask.

If he did that, wouldn't he miss out on the exciting parts?

You have to know.

The battle between the top hundred was quite exciting!

Even if it was a battle, many people would not be able to see it clearly. They would have to go back and watch the recording slowly!

He had no choice.

Time was of the essence!

There were too many players in the Chinese war zone, so they had no choice but to do this!

The other party had directly taken the top 32 while the Huaxia Battlefront had already compressed as much as possible, but they still took the top 100!

After all, this was the World Martial Arts Conference.

In order to catch up, they had to finish the top 100 and top 32 matches as soon as possible!

"Ding… The third round of the martial arts tournament, the elimination round of the top 100 to 32, is about to begin. You have one minute to prepare!"

——————

< EMPTY >