Chapter 1000: First Test Ability: Infinite Block And Perfect Parry

It was one thing for them to suppress their forces!

The most disgusting thing was…

Necromancers didn't need to summon undead creatures like Summoners. They had to nurture their summoned beasts and take care of them carefully. Otherwise, the loyalty and kinship of the summoned beasts wouldn't be high. They either didn't contribute when they fought, or they would betray!

It was equivalent to feeding his own son!

This Undead Summoner had 100% loyalty and 100% control. Wasn't this better than a Summoner?

‘ Of course.’

Necromancers were not better than Summoners in every aspect.

At least.

Summoners could give all kinds of buffs to their summoned creatures, but Necromancers could not. They could summon whatever they wanted, and it was also restricted. They could only summon Necromancers. In this way, they could be easily restrained!

"Attack!"

With a shout from the Dark Disciple, 10 Level 60 wights that should be strengthening to the Silver rank immediately pounced towards Qin Sheng. Their ferocious appearance caused countless spectators to let out cries of surprise, especially the younger girls. Those who were more timid almost cried from fright!

It was simply too ugly!!!

"This, this is…"

When the light flickered and everyone looked at the item that had appeared in Qin Sheng's hand, all of them were instantly dumbfounded!

Shield!

It was actually a shield!

From the looks of it.

The light and halo were only Epic + 7 shields!

Since when did Weeping Soul Beast use a shield?

When did Weeping Soul's equipment become so cheap?

Wasn't it at least a Legendary one-handed sword with + 10 enhancement?

Atlas Shield?

Ah!

The hidden job of a Shield Specialist!

Then it's fine!

Clang…

One man, one shield!

One kick, one step!

Qin Luo held his shield and moved forward slowly.

It was as slow as a snail compared to the wights that were charging towards them!

Soon.

The wights closed in on Qin Sheng, brandishing their claws stained with corpse poison.

Looking at Qin Sheng, who was still as steady as an old dog and acting cool as the wind as he advanced forward, as if he had not noticed the attack of the undead, countless people could not help but cry out in surprise!

Yet.

When the claws of the wights were only thirty centimeters away from Qin Sheng's head, a shield with a thickness of thirty centimeters suddenly appeared and easily blocked the attack of the wights!

MISS!

A huge flash appeared!

Carrying—

No harm!

Swoosh…

Right on the heels of that, the second undead who had arrived attacked from the flank. At the same time, three magic undead and a bow-wielding undead followed closely behind!

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng faced a total of five attacks!

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Qin Luo Sheng's footsteps did not stop for even a moment. The shield in his hand that weighed at least a hundred kilograms had been played out by him. It was as light as a piece of paper, constantly changing its position, moving up and down, left and right.

This comical scene caused countless people to be dumbstruck. Their mouths were wide open for a long time!

What did they see?

He saw the afterimages, the series of MISS, and the unified attacks from all directions. They were completely ineffective!

"As expected of the profession of the King of Mercenaries. Truly awesome!" Qin Sheng, who was expressionless, praised wildly in his heart. "Heaven Raising Shield, what a great Heaven Raising Shield, awesome!"

Even though what Qin Luo was holding was not the Atlas Shield, nor was it the exclusive set of the Atlas Shield on him (on Atlas, he was currently working hard with Mo Bing to clear dungeons for a certain someone), the Atlas Shield did not require the Atlas Shield or the Atlas Set to be effective. It could be used for ordinary shields, or even for certain skills!

‘ Of course.’

The ultimate skill [Atlas] indicated that it could only be activated when equipped with the Atlas Shield. There was no other way, it was restricted to death!

Now.

Where did Qin Luo Sheng's pretentiousness come from?

The two divine skills of the Atlas Shield were passive—

[Perfect Resistance] and [Absolute Parry]!

Perfect defense, blocking magic skills!

Absolute parry, block physical attacks!

As long as the shield was used, it could deal 100% damage to MISS and offset the damage!

Unfortunately!

Qin Qin Sheng's use of his shield was excellent!

Even if he had never been in contact with the system, a shield was still a weapon. For Qin Sheng, who was used to using a sword and could create flowers, he was extremely fast at learning and mastering it. Although he was still a distance away from mastering it perfectly, it was a piece of cake for him to deal with these wights who had no intelligence and only acted instinctively!

So.

This was why Qin Sheng was moving so slowly, step by step without stopping. However, through the movement of the shield in his hand, he had perfectly blocked all sorts of attacks!

Such a casual high-level posturing, that resolved the visual impact and the visuals, immediately made 90% of the audience go crazy!

"F*ck, isn't this too ridiculous?"

Compared to the loud cheers from the outside world, Qin Luo's underworld disciple, as his opponent, was instantly terrified.

After experiencing so many games, Underworld Disciple was a veteran amongst veterans. He'd encountered too many experts, so he naturally knew very well exactly how terrifying Qin Sheng's actions were now!

Don't look at how calm he was. His movements were nothing special. He only moved his shield slightly. That was all!

However, there were too many tests in order to achieve this. Observation, sensitivity, control, computational ability…

Only by combining all of these together and achieving a certain level of harmony would he be able to accurately grasp all of them. Only then would he be able to create such a simple action!

Was this something a human could do?

Was he even human?

"Enhancement: Undead Evolution!"

Seeing that his ten wights could not do anything to the other party, and that he, a mage, was getting closer to the other party, the dark disciple finally panicked a little. He activated his skill, and a strange black energy burst out from his hands, splitting into ten parts in the air and infusing into each of the ten wights' bodies.

Instantly.

The ten specters evolved from Silver-rank to Ordinary Gold-rank!

Don't underestimate the evolution of this class!

Silver and gold were not the same concept!

"10 Gold Bosses? Interesting!"

‘ Of course.’

This Undead was not a real Gold Boss in the traditional sense. It really had the strength of a Gold Boss!

Just like a pet!

After becoming a pet, it would naturally be assimilated like the players!

The most direct manifestation was that his Health Points and Mana Points were incomparable to NPCs!

Simply put!

These ten Undead were at the level of a Gold Boss, but their health points were far less than that of a Gold Boss. Whatever job they were, they would match their health points.

For example.

The Undead of the Mage class had the health points of normal Mages of the same level. They were at most slightly stronger and more fleshy, but only by a little!

"The trial is over."

Qin Luo Sheng held the shield in his left hand. His right hand suddenly flashed with light as the Sacred Dragon Sword that was emitting golden radiance appeared in his hand. "Then, let the battle officially begin!"