Chapter 204: Fire God—Fire Yan (1)

Probing

[Corpses of Mercenaries (Enhanced 3-star Elite)]

Level: 17

Health Points: 200,000

Mana: 50,000

Physical Attack: 220

Magic Attack: 2650

Physical Defense: 500

Magic Defense: 800

Speed: 245

Skills: Basic Fire Magic

Introduction: The corpses of ordinary mercenaries follow the former mercenary kings. After they die, their corpses are brought into the tomb of the mercenary kings and they sleep together.

"Magic-type monsters?"

Looking at the monster information in the guild chat, everyone gasped.

"This is going to be a little tricky."

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched slightly.

The first three levels were filled with physical players. Even though they were not weak, as long as the Shield Specialists could pull aggro and gang up on them, under the premise that there were two Priests, they were basically safe.

Magic-type monsters were different. They had high attack damage, high frequency, wide attack range, and long range. If one was not careful, they would really die.

Why did the danger multiply exponentially with just one level?

Firstly, the monsters on the fourth floor were stronger than those on the first three floors. Furthermore, their magic attacks were stronger, causing more damage.

Secondly, the players' Mana Defense was generally very low. If not for the fact that they did not have any equipment with additional Mana Defense, their basic Mana Defense would be one-tenth of their physical Defense. It was simply unbearable to watch. In such a state, it was really risking one's life to withstand the attacks of the Mana monsters.

Thirdly, it was because of the skills. The skills of the monsters in the first three levels clearly indicated that there was nothing. They could only use a broken blade to slash around. What was the use? However, the monsters in the fourth level were different. They had basic fire magic. Even idiots knew that the damage of skills was higher than normal attacks.

And the last and most important point was that Qin Sheng could only serve as a warning device. He could only predict the danger of the underground pillar of fire and not go into battle in armor.

Why?

It was just that he was addicted to using his bare hands just now, causing the green hair to activate Thunder Punishment. He was currently in a weakened state, and his attributes were only 10% of his peak state. Was he still going to play this game and go up and die?

Besides!

What was more threatening than the monsters was the environment. No matter how powerful the monsters were, it was impossible for them to kill the shield-wielding Jatu instantly, but the underground pillar of fire could.

So!

Even if Qin Luo had not fallen into a state of weakness, he could not fight alone like he did on the first three levels and start a massacre. That was because only by warning could he ensure the safety of his teammates and ensure that they would not lose any members.

"Fireball!"

Like fragile monsters, they were extremely vigilant. As expected, when Yatu stepped within ten meters of the wandering mercenary corpse, he immediately turned his head and looked over without stopping. With a wave of his hand, a huge fireball roared.

-1866!

The fireball hit Yatu's shield and exploded. Yatu's full health points were depleted at a speed visible to the naked eye. It was about a quarter of his health points. The people behind were so scared that their eyelids were twitching.

The shield-wielding Flesh and Blood Shield Specialist lost almost 2,000 health points with a casual strike. If such an attack landed on any one of them, wouldn't it be an instant kill?

"Don't panic!"

Yatu, who was in front of me, roared and charged forward with large strides, trying to get closer as soon as possible. “This guy has high attack power, but he’s very fragile. As long as I get close to him and stick to him, he won’t be able to do anything.”

"A mage? Thieves like me like to kill mages the most."

Shadow, who had disappeared at some point, suddenly appeared behind the corpse of [Mercenary's Corpse], who was trying to gather mana to attack Yatu's "Merged Two Degrees". He executed a clean "Backstab" with a high degree of completion, which not only dealt high critical damage, but also successfully stunned it.

"Charge!"

Yatu was overjoyed that his attack on the fort had been stopped. He no longer raised his shield, but instead let go of his body and mind. He spread his legs and charged forward. The group behind him did the same, quickly following behind and entering the range of the [Mercenary's Corpse]. At the same time, they also included it in their attack range.

"Apostle, retreat! Three seconds of fire pillar in front of you!"

At this moment, Qin Sheng suddenly issued a warning. Just as he was about to reach out and use his skills to weaken the monster's abilities, the apostle immediately slammed on the brakes and scrambled out of his area.

Three seconds later!

A pillar of fire shot into the sky.

"Boss, thank you!"

The apostle who had escaped death wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and looked at Qin Sheng gratefully. He thanked Qin Sheng and then strode forward. When he saw that Qin Sheng had completely closed in on him and completely restrained him, he panicked and hurriedly activated his skills to contribute his strength.

In less than a minute, the [Corpses of Mercenaries], which only had 20W + Health Points, had only cast two basic fireballs from the beginning to the end. Then, under the endless siege, it died. How tragic.

Ding… your team has killed a Level 17 Enhanced 3 Star Elite. EXP gained: 920 points!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

The monsters on the third level were worth more than a thousand experience points. Now on the fourth level, you only gave me 920?

Ding… The experience points obtained by the same team members will be distributed according to their levels and contribution points. '

Qin Sheng was dumbfounded when he asked about the system.

There was such a thing?

I've never heard of it before!!!

"This is f*cking tragic."

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless as he looked at his weakened state of more than fifty minutes. It was clearly a time when he needed experience the most. The huge amount of experience was right in front of him, yet he could only watch and eat the low insurance. It was truly disgusting.

"Forget it, I have more than 900 experience points. Not bad!"

Qin Qin Sheng consoled himself, "Since we didn't make a move, it's purely for the benefit of lying down. Why not? It's just as well. We can take this opportunity to rest and recover our strength to prepare for the final boss of this damned place, the Mercenary King."

An hour later!

Qin Qin Sheng's debilitating DEBUFF dissipated and returned to normal.

Yet.

The monsters on this level were still not completely cleared. Compared to the monsters on the previous three levels, they were done in less than half an hour. It was really too slow and inefficient.

He wanted to attack, but there was the threat of the underground fire pillar, and this place was not like the outer area. The deeper he went, the more frequently the underground fire pillar erupted. He was not allowed to fight while paying attention to the underground fire pillar.

Another half an hour later!

Finally, they arrived at the final checkpoint of this level.

Other than Qin Sheng, the rest of the team was tired from the consecutive battles. As the only contestant in the team who could resist the monsters, Yatu's stamina was greatly depleted.

They rested on the spot for a few minutes, then ate and drank to solve the problem of hunger. Only then did Yatu step forward to lure the monsters.