Chapter 201: Spiritual Water Pearl, Evolution

"I have an idea. If it works, this item will belong to me. I will give everyone a satisfactory bonus."

After thinking for a while, Qin Sheng decided to follow his heart. Since he could not recall the strange memory fragment just now, he would try it out. Therefore, he replied to Yatu, "If it doesn't work, this thing will belong to you."

"Alright!" Yatu nodded.

This thing was really useless to him at the moment. He just wanted to store it and use it as an investment. After all, it was a high-grade material and might be useful in the future.

Now, Qin Sheng was interested and wanted to experiment on the spot. If it was useless, he would give it to him. If it was useful, he would accept it. Since he had already said so, how could he not give him face?

Since Yatu had decided, the other eight members of the pavilion naturally wouldn't object. They were all combat members and weren't interested in the materials that were obviously used for secondary roles.

"Li Water?"

Speaking of Water Separation, the first thing that came to Qin Sheng's mind was the single-handed sword in his hand, the [Coiling Dragon Separation Water] he had obtained from Empress Naga.

Even though the Coiling Dragon Li Water was of a lower level, it was still an Epic-ranked creature. Not only did it have a gorgeous appearance, its effects were extremely strong.

Along the way, there were countless BOSSES that had fallen under the blade of [Coiling Dragon Water]. Having drunk the blood of powerful warriors, it now had an additional baleful aura, resonating with the dragon's might and strengthening its prestige.

"No reaction?"

However, reality proved that Qin Sheng was overthinking.

When the Li Water Monster Core came into contact with the [Coiling Dragon Li Water], there was no reaction. There was not even the slightest pulse.

“Could it be that I’m mistaken?”

Qin Luo was somewhat helpless.

“That’s not right. There is indeed something there.”

Qin Luo retrieved the Coiling Dragon Li Water and was about to hand it over to Yatu. However, he couldn’t help but recall that strange and blurry scene, frowning in deep thought.

"Water…"

"Li Shui…"

“Anything else to do with water?”

“Right, don’t we still have the Spiritual Water Pearl?”

Qin Luo was suddenly jolted awake. He recalled the Water Vein Spiritual Pearl that had shone brightly in the trial grounds of the abyssal mode and lived up to its name as a "Spiritual Treasure".

Without another word, Qin Sheng took out the hidden Water Vein Spirit Pearl and carefully touched the Water Monster Core.

In an instant!

The Li Water Monster Core and the Water Vein Spirit Pearl vibrated at the same time. The huge force broke free from Qin Sheng's palm and floated in the air. Both of their bodies emitted a dreamy green radiance that complemented and pulled each other.

The entire process was magnificent, but it didn’t last long. A few seconds later, the two fused together, and the Water Demon Core entered the Spiritual Water Pearl and disappeared.

After devouring the Water Devil Core, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl returned to normal. It withdrew its brilliance and descended from the sky, returning to Qin Sheng's hands.

Qin Luo focused his gaze.

At this moment, other than the azure color on the surface of the Spiritual Water Pearl that was a little brighter and more agile, there were no other changes.

Just this?

Qin Luo was stunned.

As the saying goes, the greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment.

Initially, he thought that he would be able to soar into the sky. Never did he expect that the thunder was loud and the rain was small, ending so quickly.

"Brother Weihun, what is this?"

At this moment, Yatu and the others had gathered around. Their gazes were locked tightly on the Water Vein Spirit Pearl in Qin Sheng's hand as they asked curiously, "It looks like a horror novel, a treasure from a movie television. That scene just now, that scene is simply indescribable with words."

Qin Luo was secretly amused.

Indeed.

The manifestation of Numinous Treasures and the brilliance of divine objects was quite shocking for the Chinese children who grew up in the immortal and martial arts civilization. To be honest, who didn't have a dream of becoming a sword immortal when they were young? A dream of heroes?

"Big baddies, look at this pearl, look at this pearl."

Little Chili Mu Mu pushed through the crowd and looked at Qin Luo, who was holding the water vein spirit pearl that was full of charm and spiritual radiance. Her eyes were sparkling as she urged anxiously, "Hurry, hurry."

Qin Sheng:…

Sweeping his gaze over, he helplessly sighed when he saw that everyone was staring at him. Originally, he did not want to reveal the trump card of the Spiritual Water Pearl to others. But now, he was riding a tiger and could not get off. It was not good to go against everyone's wishes.

Coincidentally, Qin Sheng also wanted to know what changes the Water Vein Spirit Pearl had undergone after devouring the Water Devil Core.

Therefore, after some manipulation, the attributes of the Spiritual Water Pearl were shared in the team channel—

[Spiritual Water Pearl]

Type: Spiritual Treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Durability: None

Effect: Strength + 50, Constitution + 50, Agility + 50, Spirit + 50

Special Effect: [Water Spirit] possesses the Water Spiritual Pearl, affinity with the water element, increases water damage by 80%, increases water resistance by 30%, and is proficient in water. It can move freely underwater without any obstruction, does not reduce abilities, ignores water pressure, and can control water veins easily!

Additional Skill: [Water Vein Impact] consumes 1,000 Mana Points. Controlling the water element to form a whirlpool, it will create a violent water pressure attack on enemies within a 15x15 radius. It will cause 300% strength damage, with a fixed additional 800 points of water damage. It will cause an additional 80% damage to fire-type creatures. There is a certain chance of causing serious injury, cutting, freezing effect. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes! (Depending on the quantity and quality of the water element, the effect will increase.)

Additional Skill: [Water Separation Essence] Summons the Water Separation Liquid stored in the Water Meridian Spirit Pearl. Anyone who is contaminated by the Water Separation Pearl will be poisoned by the water and their body will fester. Normal medicines cannot cure it. Cooldown: Seven days!

Introduction: A water-type Numinous treasure condensed from the spiritual energy of the four seawater meridians. It is extremely precious and is a supreme treasure in the eyes of water elementalists. It is said that this treasure is only controlled by the royal family of ancient waters and is passed down from generation to generation. Only the king can possess it. With it, one can easily control the water meridians and become the god of water.

Qinoling Sheng: Σ (Σ ° Д °;) ﾟ

Yatu:???

Mumu: o ((⊙ ° ⊙) o

Qing Yi:…

Fengxing and the others: o (╯ ╰) o

Was this the prop and equipment on the big boss?

It was beyond our imagination.

Too fierce!

It was really too fierce!

This effect, this special effect, this additional skill, how could they let others live?

They were a bunch of top-tier players, but in front of this big shot, they were nothing but weaklings. Just this pearl called the Water Vein Spirit Pearl was enough to completely destroy them.

"This is really surprising."

Qin Luo, who had fallen into ecstasy, did not notice the complicated and sour look in the eyes of Ya Tu and the others. His heart almost jumped out of his chest in joy.

The evolved Water Vein Spirit Bead had an additional 20 points compared to the original four attributes. The effect of [Water Spirit] had increased, the power of [Water Vein Shock] had increased, and there was an additional skill.

[Water Essence] should have been brought by the Devour and assimilated Water Magic Core. Even though the skill introduction did not mention any data, such as how many meters the range of the skill was, how many percentage points the damage of the skill was increased, etc.

Even so, this brief introduction, which was as rare as gold, made one's hair stand on end. According to the law of conservation, the cooldown time of up to seven days was enough to explain everything. If it wasn't so powerful, how could the CD be so long?

"If there's a chance, why don't we experiment?"

Guessing in secret was useless. The truth could only come out in practice. Coincidentally, there was still a mercenary king waiting for me. This was the best test subject.

"Brother Weihun, I… I really don't know what to say!”

Yatu was expressionless. He didn't know what expression to show under all the complicated emotions. He only knew that his heart was in a mess right now. It was sour, as if he had drunk a few vats of vinegar.

Why did such a treasure not fall into his hands?

Was this B the illegitimate child of God? Or was he the father of the mainframe? Why did all the good things come to him? Damn it!

“If you don’t know what to say, then don’t say it. Look nice and sour.”

Qin Sheng was in a good mood and made a rare joke.

Yatu:???

Qing Si and the others:…

Listen, listen. Is this human language?

How annoying.

If not for the fact that they were no match for him, they would definitely have attacked him together and beat him up.

I've never seen someone as cocky as you. If you know how to talk, then say more. If you don't, then shut your mouth, okay?

"Sigh!"

Yatu sighed deeply and suppressed the distracting thoughts and greed in his heart. He turned around and left. "Let's go. We're going to the next level. We don't have much time. Let's try to finish this mission before today's game time ends."