Chapter 202: Crisis

Fourth level!

This was a world of fire. The ground was barren, cracked, and dried up. From time to time, flames would surge up and develop into pillars of fire that shot into the sky. If one wasn't careful, they might not even touch a monster and be killed by the pillars of fire first.

"Everyone, be careful."

Seeing this, Yatu's expression turned solemn. He said solemnly, "It seems that from now on, the system has to be serious. The first three levels are just appetizers. Now that the main course is served, other than monsters, the environment is also exerting pressure."

“Don’t act rashly for the time being. Everyone, disperse and don’t step into the thunder zone. Stay here and observe the flames that emerge from the ground. See if there’s any pattern to follow.”

Everyone present was experienced. Even though this was the first time they played such a virtual world game, they had played many other virtual games like VR games.

Furthermore!

For this game, no matter how many changes there were, they would not leave the same pattern. Most of them had the same pattern and were extremely familiar with it. Naturally, they instantly understood the meaning of the Elegant Portrait. Immediately, they spread out and each found a spot. They divided the area and began to observe.

Ten minutes later!

Everyone gathered.

"How is it?" Yatu asked. "How's the situation on your side?"

“There’s almost no pattern to follow.”

"Completely irregular, randomly erupting."

"As long as there are cracks, it's possible that flames will erupt."

“It’s too difficult. Wouldn’t that put us in danger of being burned to death at any moment?”

"…"

Everyone looked bitter.

In a real fight, they were not afraid. Even if they were not a match, they would lose. If they were not strong enough, they would admit defeat.

However, if the system played this way, it would be very unhappy.

This kind of f*cked up environment was completely a gamble of luck. If one was not careful, one would die tragically. Who could withstand it?

This ghost mission was already difficult enough. If not for Qin Sheng's help, who knew how long it would take to clear the monsters, let alone a boss that was more ferocious than the other.

But now, the system wanted to increase the difficulty. Was it afraid that they would be too relaxed?

The three key elements of victory: the timing, location, and people were in harmony. Other than having the advantage in numbers, losing the other two aspects was simply a nightmare.

"Now that things have come to this, it's impossible for us to retreat!"

After pondering for a while, Yatu gritted his teeth and decided to continue. "How can we retreat in such a small place? Everyone, gather your spirits and be careful. Try to avoid it as much as possible. At the same time, don't get too close to avoid being implicated and get caught in the net."

If it was before entering this damned place, Yatu would not have had the confidence to continue. After all, although the mission was important, they were a first-tier team of the Yatu Pavilion, and they also had the symbol of the guild leader. Once they died and dropped levels, they would fall behind other guild leaders. Even if it was not a disaster, it would greatly affect the morale of their brothers.

However!

This was because Qin Luo's Epic Skill Book [Holy Prayer] could revive his teammates on the spot. This reduced a lot of concerns. As long as they were not wiped out or had too many casualties, they could be pulled back.

Moreover, the greater the danger, the greater the benefits.

He had only cleared three levels, but he had already dropped two Gold equipment, many Silver and Bronze equipment. This was not even counting the White equipment and Iron equipment dropped by normal monsters.

This was practically a treasure trove!

As Wasteland Reclaimers, they would definitely earn a lot of money and eat until their mouths were full of oil. They would not give up easily until they were in despair.

Most importantly, this matter concerned the mercenary group. It was extremely important. Otherwise, why would they spend so much money to invite the renowned "Weeping Soul” to come out and take a share of the loot?

"So hot!"

Yatu did not want to give up on Qin Sheng, and neither did the others. Everyone was a proud and arrogant person. How could they be cowards who would run away with their tails between their legs?

However!

Their willpower could not affect reality. So what if their hearts were filled with lofty sentiments? After stepping in, they immediately returned to their original forms. All of them jumped, bared their teeth, and screamed non-stop.

"Lower all sensory levels!"

Yatu quickly instructed while he took the lead to open the system and began operating it.

Sensory speed, as the name suggested, was the sensitivity and authenticity of the five senses.

This was just like the feeling of pain. It could be adjusted in the world of destiny.

Of course, adjustment was just adjustment. The system would still set a boundary. It could only be adjusted within this boundary.

For example, the pain threshold was no less than 5%, and the highest was no more than 20%. They were afraid that they would either have no experience, or they would experience too much pain and would not be able to withstand it.

Everyone began to adjust themselves, but Qin Sheng did not move at all. This was because he did not feel any special discomfort. He felt just as normal as usual, no different from stepping on ordinary ground.

Of course, there were still some differences. For example, the humidity of the air was too low and it was very dry. He was not used to it. There was nothing else.

This specialization reminded Qin Luo of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl.

Among the five elements, water countered fire.

As a Numinous Treasure, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl naturally wouldn't only have that little bit of use in the introduction. There would definitely be many other hidden uses. Just like now, the flames that shot into the sky and the dry and cracked ground didn't affect him at all. This was the power of a water-type cardinal treasure.

"Is everyone better?"

After quickly lowering the sensory level, Yatu felt it for a while. Although it was still a little uncomfortable, at least it was not as hot as before.

"Sure!"

"No problem!"

"OK!"

After receiving the feedback, Yatu was relieved. At least, the first stage of environmental impact was over. Next, he only needed to pay attention to the pillars of fire rushing up from underground.

"Let's move forward!"

Taking a deep breath, Yatu took the lead and stepped forward.

Everyone walked carefully and spread out. They paid attention to the safety of their feet and tried their best not to step on places with large cracks. At the same time, they were on high alert for fear of being ambushed by monsters.

As he was multitasking, his mind was tense. If he continued for too long, he would easily get tired. However, he had no choice but to do it. He was very vexed.

"Be careful!"

Suddenly, Qin Sheng felt a strange movement underground. An icy chill struck his heart, and his sixth sense frantically sounded the alarm.

"Dodge!"

The shout frightened everyone who had been paying full attention to everything around them. They were at a loss of what to do.

"It's too late!"

Gritting his teeth, Qin Luo shot forward like an arrow leaving the bow.

If it was anyone else, it would have been fine. At the very least, there was Cyan Silk, a Priest with the [Holy Prayer] skill, who could revive him. However, it just so happened that the pillar of underground fire was aimed at Cyan Silk.

The Cleric was dead. What the hell was this?

No matter what, he had to protect her.