Chapter 206: Rapid Kill, Eight Seconds To Kill The Enemy

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

Qin Luo wouldn't give Fire Yan any chance. His attack was too terrifying, and he was determined to kill him.

"Berserk Strike!"

-2,48800!

Berserk Strike dealt a massive six-digit damage, almost blinding Shadow's dog eyes.

"Attack!"

With an Attack Speed Skill, his hands flew as he slashed rapidly.

Two seconds later!

He woke up from his hallucination, and before he could react, Qin Sheng's next attack hit him and sent him flying in the air for three seconds.

“Shadow Slash!”

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

One on the left and one on the right. After two skills were unleashed, Qin Luo turned on his crazy flat A mode.

Three seconds later!

Fire Yan, who had less than 20,000 HP left, regained control of his body. Unfortunately, before he could retaliate or leave, a powerful Sword Aura landed on his chest.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

-40,885!

"Ding! You have successfully killed level 17 Silver enhanced Boss Fire God—Fire Yan. EXP gained: 50W + Reputation: 1,200!"

The system's notification sounded. Qin Sheng, who was in his mad dog state, calmed down and returned to normal.

Qin Sheng found it hard to believe when he saw Huo Yan lying on the ground lifelessly.

That was it?

It seemed like less than ten seconds had passed since the battle had ended.

Instant Slash: 1 second, Illusionary Spirit Confounding Formation: 3 seconds, Slash: 3 seconds, a total of 7 seconds.

In addition, the last Blade Aura was used to kill for 1 second.

Eight seconds to kill Fire Yan?

Hiss…

Even though this was his own achievement, Qin Sheng could not help but gasp.

This efficiency…

It was too terrifying!

"Brother Weeping Soul, are you on drugs?"

After receiving the notification from the system, everyone was dumbfounded. After Qing Si used [Holy Prayer] to revive Yatu, they ran over and looked at the fallen Fire Yan.

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng knew that Yatu's words were half joking and half serious, but he did not explain. Instead, he shrugged his shoulders ambiguously and replied casually.

Yatu was speechless.

He really did not know if Qin Sheng was telling the truth.

This was only their second time working together, their understanding of the Weeping Soul Beast was too shallow.

If not for the cheating test incident that had caused a huge commotion recently, as well as the few videos that were still trending on the mainframe's official video page, he would not have known that Weeping Soul's combat ability was so terrifying.

Thinking back, when they first came into contact with each other and entered the dungeon together, they still had to go to the beginner village. When they were at level five, it had been too long since then.

That was the only time they worked together. After that, they never formed a team again until now.

There was no way to know about Weeping Soul’s experiences. His combat strength was estimated to be limited to the few videos released by the mainframe. As for the rest, he had no idea. Only the heavens knew how much that freak who had slaughtered everyone in the trial grounds had grown.

She could not ask and could only guess from a few aspects—

In terms of equipment, they didn't even care about gold. There were two pieces of extremely powerful Epic equipment in the shop, and they were level 20.

This meant that the man in front of him had killed at least one level 20 Gold Boss. No, it should be three because he had sold three [Establishment Certificate of the Mercenary Group].

Apart from that, there was also the terrifying [Spiritual Water Pearl] and the known Epic-ranked [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon]. All these were not his everything.

He then thought of the extremely popular Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

The shop required 5,000 Reputation Points to be built. This was the prerequisite for everything. If you were not satisfied, no matter how many gold coins you had, the NPCs would ignore you.

5000 Reputation Points! How many Bosses did he have to kill to gather that amount? How many good items did he have to drop to kill these Bosses?

Yatu did not know and could not imagine.

He only felt that "Weeping Soul" was stronger than he had imagined. It was even more mysterious and ridiculous. It was simply a hanging wall.

In terms of level, he was far ahead.

He wanted to know more about the hidden occupation.

In terms of skills, there were too many of them. If they were not extremely strange, then they were extremely abnormal. Putting everything else aside, just that sword alone had directly cut off the Boss' 200,000 health points. Who could withstand that?

In the first three levels, killing the Boss in 30 seconds was already fierce enough, so strong that it was hard to breathe.

But now?

Eight seconds!

Eight seconds!

One of my skills had a cooldown of more than eight seconds. In just a few breaths, the BOSS was killed?

What kind of monster was this?

"Brother Weeping Soul, you've really surprised me time again!"

Yatu smiled bitterly.

"Well, I was asked by someone to be loyal. You're the boss, so of course I was angry when you were killed, so I only hit you a little harder."

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand nonchalantly.

Everyone:…

Big boss, your acting is really smooth. We don't know how to respond.

Eight seconds to kill the Boss.

He killed half of the boss's HP with one slash.

You call this a little heavy-handed?

If it was a lot heavier, would he need to be at full health for an instant?

"It's been turned upside down!"

The corner of Qin Sheng's mouth twitched when he saw the curious looks on everyone's faces. He rubbed his temples in pain and shouted, "Why are you looking at me? Hurry up and search the corpse. If you delay any longer, the equipment will be refreshed by the system."

“I’ll do it. Let me.”

Hearing that, Mumu's eyes lit up. She raised her hands and ran towards the corpse. She squatted down and muttered to herself.

"Eh, there's Gold equipment?"

Looking at the five pieces of equipment that were shared in the team chat, one of them was shining with golden light. Those who knew about Mumu's stinky hands immediately cried out in surprise.

"Gold equipment?" Mu Mu was stunned. She looked at it and realized that it was real. She immediately laughed out loud unladylike. "Haha, it's really Gold equipment. Hmph, let's see who still dares to call me a stinky hand."

"Hey, hey, this seems to be my credit?"

Qin Luo's forehead was filled with black lines. "If not for my luck exploding, how would the chances of a Silver Boss dropping Gold equipment be so high?"

"I'm not listening, I'm not listening." Mu Mu glanced at Qin Sheng and shook his head vigorously, looking like a scoundrel.

Qin Sheng:…

"Roll it. Hurry up and distribute it. Leave quickly. I don't want to stay here any longer."

Qin Luo rubbed his temples and said weakly, then shut up and shut himself up.