Chapter 208: Ghost Shadow—Cold-Blooded

Remove Delirium: Consumes 30 mana points. There is a chance to see through traps, opportunities, arrays, illusions, etc. Cooldown time is 5 minutes!

This was a skill attached to the [Jungle Scamper Helmet], and its effects were extremely powerful. It was this skill that had broken the seal on the Naga's Altar.

If Breaking Fantasy was already so impressive underwater, it was even more so in the forest. It would definitely be able to unleash the effects of the [Jungle Book] Set and increase the success rate of the skill.

Ding… Removal failed!

The skill was activated, and the [Jungle Scamper Helmet] began to glow. However, the smile on Qin Luo Sheng's face bloomed, and the cold prompt from the system hit him in the head.

"Why? Is it useless?"

Seeing Qin Luo's sudden change in expression, Ya Tu was stunned and could not help but ask.

“It would appear that I was mistaken.”

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders with a wry smile.

"Then, what should I do now?"

Yatu felt a headache coming on.

"Why don't we leave this place?" Mu Mu, who was a little frightened, started to retreat. He said with a trembling voice, "Since everyone is a little tired, why don't we go offline to rest first and come back when we have enough energy?"

Tired?

It was indeed a little.

However, they were all young people and it was common for them to stay up late. This was nothing.

Besides, Fate Dimension was not like the previous games.

During this adventure in the virtual world, the body lying in the gaming capsule in real life would fall into a light sleep state. Even if he stayed up all night until 14 in the afternoon and finished his daily gaming time, he would not feel very tired.

Everyone knew that resting was just an excuse.

No one wanted to give up, but there was really no better way.

Right now, there were only two choices—

If he continued to advance like a brute, he might really die of exhaustion in this damned place.

If not, he would not waste his stamina and energy, as well as his limited gaming time. He would go offline first and gather his thoughts. He might be able to find some clues and find a solution.

"It's getting late. Why don't we go offline and take a nap first? We can arrange a time after we're done sleeping."

Yatu rubbed his temples and spoke.

"Wait!"

Qin Luo raised his hand to stop Yatu from continuing. His brows were tightly furrowed, as if he was thinking about something.

“Hey, Big—”

Mu Mu pursed her lips in dissatisfaction and wanted to retort, but she was pulled back by her hair and swallowed her words.

"It doesn't seem right!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay attention to Yatu and the others. He stared fixedly at the system's notifications, as if he had caught onto something. However, he was still hazy from start to finish and did not manage to grasp it firmly.

Failure to use Delirium!

It failed!

Failure!

"Right!"

Qin Qin abruptly woke up and figured out what was going on.

< System Notification: Failure to use Falsebreaker! >

Yes, it was a failure, not a failure.

In other words, he had indeed used Delirium. Unfortunately, he had failed to activate it.

After all, this skill was not a 100% success rate, but a certain chance to trigger it.

If the Falsebreaker failed, then what made it fail?

Naturally, it was one of those so-called traps, opportunities, bewildering formations, illusions, and so on.

This was a subtle reminder that this place was indeed abnormal. There was truly a problem.

"Brother Weihun, what happened?"

Yatu and the others looked at each other as they watched Qin Luo's face change in the crowd. They hesitated for a while before mustering their courage to ask.

"Er, I see…"

Qin Qin Sheng did not hide anything either and explained his analysis.

"There's actually such a saying."

Ya Tu exclaimed, "Brother Weeping Soul, your brain is truly brilliant."

"I'm only guessing. Whether it's true or not, we'll have to test it out before we know." Even if it was not far from the truth, there was a very high possibility that he had thought too much and Qin Sheng did not dare to say it outright.

Five minutes later!

After the cooling down period was over, Qin Sheng activated it without hesitation.

Ding… Removal failed!

Qin Sheng:…

Damn, another failure?

Damn it, is the probability of being spied on too low or is it different from what I imagined?

“It’s okay. It’s only five minutes. We can wait a little longer.”

Looking at Qin Sheng who had a solemn expression, Ya Tu consoled him, "It just so happens that we've been fighting for a few hours. It's good to take the opportunity to rest."

Another five minutes later!

Ding… Removal failed!

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

Five more minutes!

Ding… Removal failed!

Qin Luo Sheng: "% *%! # $&% &!"

"One last time!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and suppressed his frustration. He looked at Yatu and the others, especially Mu Mu, who was shivering with her hair stuck tightly to her head. He said in a low voice, "If we don't succeed this time, we can only go offline and rest first. We can't continue staying here to give ourselves pressure and waste game time."

"Alright!"

Yatu nodded and agreed.

< EMPTY >

Ding… Removal succeeded. You have seen through a maze! '

NICE!

The cold prompt of the system sounded like heavenly music to Qin Luo's ears.

"The MLGBD dog system has finally shown its prowess. It didn't disappoint me."

Qin Sheng could not be bothered to communicate with Jatu and the others. He focused his gaze and saw that the originally ordinary forest had become distorted under the gaze that had the power to break through illusions. The hidden array formation was revealed to him.

"I see!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled bitterly. "So the exit has always been by my side."

The maze formation was very simple, but it was very confusing and difficult to see through.

So—

When you couldn’t understand it, you’d stay where you were and make circles. Once you did, you only needed one step to get out of there.

"Get ready to go." After finding the exit, Qin Sheng did not want to stay in this godforsaken place for even a second longer. He took a few steps and headed towards the side of the road, towards the shadows of the dead trees shrouded in darkness. At the same time, he called out to Ya Tu and the others, "The exit is here. Let's leave this godforsaken place!"

…

After escaping from the illusion array, Qin Luo and his group walked out of the forest.

However—

Before they could catch their breath, they heard the sound of air breaking.

"Be careful!"

Alarm bells rang loudly in his heart. Qin Sheng's entire body quivered as he roared loudly in warning.

Swoosh…

A cold glint flashed across everyone's eyes.

Ding… your teammate, Daddy Meng, is dead! '

Bastard!

Ignoring the notification from the system, the naked eye could already see Qin Sheng lying on the ground. He held the two swords in anger and charged towards the black figure that was revealed because of the attack.

[Ghost Shadow—Cold Blood (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 17

Health Points: 450,000

Mana: 80,000

Physical Attack: 5,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 2300

Magic Defense: 500

Speed: 600

Skills:???

Introduction: Cold-blooded. Unknown origins, unknown real name. It is said that from the time he could remember, he was already an orphan. He grew up in the slums and had no family or friends. He had no one to rely on and could only be reduced to a beggar. However, he was arrogant by nature and did not beg. He lived by rummaging through the leftovers in the trash can. He fought for food with wild dogs and was beaten up by hooligans. He was ostracized by other beggars and hovered on the brink of death countless times.

Due to him being associated with the darkness all year round, he was extremely talented in hiding his tracks. He had learned some skills from somewhere and killed over a thousand people who had humiliated him in the past. From then on, he was wanted and started roaming the world, becoming an assassin.

Due to being seriously injured during a mission, he was saved by the King of Mercenaries. In order to repay his kindness, he left the killer organization and became a mercenary, turning into the sharpest weapon in the hands of the King of Mercenaries. Because he appeared and disappeared unpredictably, he killed people without leaving a trace. The targets that he targeted, regardless of whether they were men, women, old, or young, all could not escape death. They were like evil spirits seeking for their lives, thus they were called "ghosts".