Chapter 209: Infinite Control Chain

After Archer Goumang, wind mage Feng Mu, water mage Ling Long, fire mage Fire Yan, was there another Thief?

Who exactly was this Mercenary King? He was actually able to make so many experts from various races with completely different personalities voluntarily join under him and work for him. This method, this charisma, was simply invincible.

"Everyone, be careful. Form a circle and stand back to back. Be on guard!"

The sword slashed down, but it missed, killing off the cold-bloodedness of the cute baby’s father. The man disappeared like a ghost, just like his name.

"The crispy skin is in the middle. Yatu and eat my knife. Each of us will watch the two directions."

Qin Sheng had no time to care about anything else. He snatched away Yatu's right to command and issued an order. "Qing Si, come and revive the cute daddy. Don't worry, I'll protect you. I definitely won't let Boss hurt you."

The green hair glanced at Qin Sheng and walked out of the Crispy Skin camp. It started to hide its magic and used the resurrection skill [Holy Prayer].

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Clever!"

Qin Luo Sheng held his sword in vigilance. His entire body was tense and his mind was focused to the extreme. At the same time, he quietly released two speed boost skills.

Even with Qin Sheng's current speed, he could still suppress Coldblood's 600 points. However, this fellow was a bandit and definitely had the ability to increase his speed. He did not dare to be careless.

Judging from Coldblood's actions just now, it wasn't a casual killing. This was because Qin Sheng had clearly sensed it. This fellow had swept past him previously.

Logically speaking, the one closest to Coldblood was Qin Luo Sheng, then Yatu. Eat my knife…

However, Coldblood did not attack them. Instead, he reached behind and killed the cute baby's father. From the looks of it, he had a motive to kill.

Regarding this, Qin Sheng found it somewhat unbelievable, but he also felt that there was no problem.

Isn't this very logical?!

The few of them walking in front were all heavy-armored jobs with high HP and high defense. They were rather difficult to deal with.

But it was different for Daddy and Mommy.

He was a priest.

As a Thief, wasn't it normal to kill the most threatening Priest first?

Swoosh…

The cold light flashed again and a ghostly shadow suddenly appeared. Its target was the green hair that was reviving the cute baby's father.

"It has finally appeared!"

Qin Luo, who had been waiting at the side, stood up abruptly and used his body as a shield to block the black hair.

-4,320!

Qin Luo's health bar instantly dropped by one-fifth under the dagger.

As expected of a Bandit with high Attack and Agility, the damage was truly terrifying.

However…

And that was it.

Attack was high and speed was fast, but there were too many limitations. It was impossible to instakill someone and expose their whereabouts. They could only wait to be beaten.

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng executed the secondary control skill of the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon. The effect was instantaneous and cast Coldblood, who had no time to retreat, into a three-second illusion state.

"What goes around comes around!"

Seizing this opportunity, Qin Sheng boosted the Skywolf and the Heart of Courage while watching the development on the spot. With a misty cold-blooded smile, he said, "Just now, we suffered quite a bit in the illusion array you set up. Now, I shall use this move to return the favor."

"Step back!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the green hair and the resurrected daddy and said, then he shouted at Yatu and the rest, "Close combat come and block this guy, we can't let the Boss escape. Don't hold back the other full force attacks."

After getting used to the fighting methods of the previous few Magical BOSSes, he had gone through a lot of hardships to run forward and enter the attack range. Now that a Magical BOSS had come knocking on his door, he was still a little confused.

However, he was still an elite expert, so he reacted quickly. Seeing that the boss had already fallen into the encirclement of his own team, he did not say anything and launched an overwhelming attack.

"Berserk Strike!"

Qin Sheng, who was one step faster than his teammate, had already moved behind Coldblood and blocked his path. At the same time, [Coiling Dragon Li Water] shimmered and delivered a [Berserk Strike] directly onto Coldblood's neck. It was truly a long-awaited move.

-1,79500!

"Ding, your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing Ghost Shadow—Cold Blood, serious injury effect, all attributes reduced by 10%!"

Tsk!

It didn't trigger any serious injuries?

However!

That was enough!

What could a Bandit who was already surrounded do?

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

Qin Sheng was not stingy with his mana consumption when he had to end the battle quickly. Although the second effect of Sword Qi Rampage only increased the damage by 20%, it could still deal a lot of damage, right?

Three seconds of illusion ended very quickly!

"Shadow Stab!"

Qin Sheng, who had been in position since long ago, was not in a hurry. How could he be careless and interrupt the control chain? The moment Coldblood woke up, Shadow Stab summoned him, allowing him to continue being controlled and enter a dizzy state.

"Change positions!"

Qin Luo Sheng shouted at An Ying, who was attacking ferociously. The latter understood and nodded, attacking as he walked, attacking as he moved, leaving Qin Luo's position behind.

"Backstab!"

After the Dizziness ended, Shadow woke up again. However, before he could move, Shadow sent another Dizziness over.

"NICE!"

Qin Luo Sheng praised. He drew his bow from left to right and slashed madly twice before stopping. Then, he moved his right hand and slashed upwards. "Chop chop!"

Coldblood woke up again. This time, no one had a stun skill for him. However, there was no stun. There was a forced stagnation.

A challenge successfully sent Coldblood to heaven.

"Attack!"

His body was suspended in the air, and his target became even larger. Qin Sheng did not hesitate to activate his attack speed skill. His hands seemed to twitch as he attacked wildly.

Three seconds later!

Qin Sheng, who was finishing with a "Extreme Speed Thrust", glanced at Coldblood's remaining 60,000 health points and shouted, "Brother Yatu!"

"Understood!" Yatu raised his shield and smashed it on the ground. Looking at Coldblood who had fallen from the sky and regained control of his body, he said in a deep voice, "Taunt!"

The unlucky and miserable Coldblood was just about to escape, but unfortunately, before he could execute it, his body stiffened, and he lost control once again. He involuntarily headed towards Yatu and forcefully attacked him.

"Don't hold back! Shield Specialist's Taunt can only last for 1 second against the Boss!"

There was no need for Yatu to call Qin Luo (Disheng and other DPS output), nor would he let go of the cold-bloodedness of life that was like a candle in the wind.

What a joke.

At this point, if he didn't kill the BOSS, would he give him a chance?

This was a Bandit Boss that could kill people instantly. Who would have thought that he would be like the cute daddy just now, lying on the floor without even seeing a ghost?

Do we not want our face?