Chapter 207: Strange Forest

Five pieces of equipment, one Gold, two Silver, and two Bronze. Not bad.

Qin Luo, who was not even gold, was not interested. If his teammates could use it, he would give up ROL for a red packet bonus. If no one could use it, he could simply ROL for a while. If he could get it, he would get it. If he could not, it did not matter. He was very Buddha-like.

Four pieces of equipment were looted, and the only remaining piece of Gold equipment was Fire Yan's Magic Staff. It could only be used by Fire Mages. There were two Fire Mages in the team, and they were both girls. Facing such a high-level Gold equipment, they definitely wouldn't give in.

ROLL Point.

Mumu: 28 points!

Dazzling Dance: 13 points!

It was an appalling sight.

When the points came out, everyone laughed. Only Dazzling Fire cried.

Ding… Player Mu Mu will trade you 20 gold coins! '

Mu Mu was indeed a fair, rich, and beautiful woman. She was the daughter of the richest man in Beijing. She was indeed rich and generous. She gave 20 gold coins as dividends. If it were nine people, it would be 180 gold coins. If it was converted to RMB, it would be 12,600 +. Miss Mu Mu was awesome.

Fifth level!

Compared to the fourth level, the desolate world that was filled with flames had an additional life force, but what followed was a bit more somber and sinister.

The environment was like a forest.

Time was like night.

No birds chirped, no beasts roared, no insects chirped.

It was as if there was no life here.

"It's very strange. Everyone, be alert."

Yatu’s entire body shook as he reminded, “Look at this place, it’s an excellent natural ambush spot. There might be a trap waiting for us ahead, so don’t be careless.”

This place was strangely familiar!

Qin Luo Sheng was not as nervous as Ya Tu and the others. Instead, he observed the terrain and environment. He felt as if he had seen it somewhere before. It was very similar.

"Isn't this the Dark Forest?"

Very soon, Qin Sheng remembered.

This godforsaken place was almost identical to the Dark Forest where Wang Damin and Wang Daimin had escorted the sacrificial priests to the mine to seal the evil spirits in the novice village.

Of course!

It referred to the atmosphere and aura, not the terrain and appearance.

"There are zombies lurking in the dark forest. What about here? What's here?"

Qin Luo's interest was piqued.

"I'll lead the way. Eat my saber and Fengxing, you guys guard the left and right. Protect Mu Mu and the others. An Ying can move freely, but don't stray too far away. Brother Weiyun, how about you take the rear?"

After some thought, Yatu made his arrangements.

Everyone nodded.

Stepping into the forest, the surroundings were completely dark and visibility was extremely low. The eerie atmosphere, coupled with the cold air, not only were a few girls shivering, even Fengxing and a few other big men were frightened and uneasy.

The only person present who could remain completely calm and fearless was most likely Qin Luo.

Rustle…

As they walked, they didn't know how long they had been walking for. According to their estimations, it should have been more than a moment. However, after walking for such a long time, they didn't see a single shadow. Moreover, this place could be considered as deep into the forest, but other than their footsteps, there was still no sound at all.

"Be careful!"

Qin Sheng had a bad feeling about this strange situation. Just as he was about to call a halt to the group, before he could say anything, a cry of surprise came from the front.

"F*ck, there really is a trap."

Qin Luo Sheng walked forward quickly, gripping his two swords tightly with a vigilant expression. Only after waiting for a long time and seeing no enemies did he relax. Lowering his head to look, he saw that a huge pit had suddenly appeared in front of him. At this moment, everyone else was surrounding the pit. Only Yatu was missing, and his voice was coming from the pit.

"Damn it, which immoral bastard is it!"

Yatu, who had been dragged out of the pit, changed his elegant posture and cursed loudly, "Not only is there a deep pit, but there are also sharp wooden stakes below. The stakes are also coated with poison. That's fine, but the most disgusting thing is that the bottom of the pit is filled with feces. It's really disgusting."

Everyone couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"This place is so scary. How long are we going to walk for?"

The usually feisty Little Chili Mumu was scared. She hugged her hair tightly and spoke with a trembling voice.

"There's no need to leave!"

Qin Luo said calmly. When he saw everyone looking over, he analyzed, "I suspect that we've encountered a ghost wall."

"Ghost hitting the wall?" Everyone was dumbstruck. Only Yatu and the cute baby's father were deep in thought.

"This, it's very difficult to explain clearly." Qin Sheng felt a slight headache when faced with a bunch of eyes filled with the desire for knowledge. He twitched his lips and decided not to challenge his own eloquence. Instead, he changed the topic and said, "If you're interested, you can search behind yourselves.—In reality, this kind of situation is like a ghost hitting a wall, but in the game world, this should be an illusion or an array formation."

"Illusion?"

"Formation?"

Everyone was even more confused.

This kind of mysterious thing that was only seen in novels and television shows, who would understand it for normal people? Not to mention understanding it, even knowing a little about it and hearing about it was already pretty good.

"Brother Weihun, are you sure?"

Yatu asked solemnly.

"I'm not sure!" Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and replied, "But we can't just continue like this. There's no light, no sound, no sense of time, no sense of direction… If this goes on, it's very likely to exhaust our stamina. At the same time, suppressing it for too long will also affect our spirits."

"Then, what should we do?" Yatu was also in a dilemma. This was a situation he had never encountered before, and it had already exceeded his understanding.

"The Boss guarding this level probably wants to trap us to death. Therefore, we don't have to worry about being attacked by monsters for now. At least for now, we don't have to worry."

Qin Luo said, "You guys are a little too nervous. Take this opportunity to have a good rest. Leave the rest to me."

"Alright, I'll leave it to you then."

Ya Tu was stunned for a moment before he nodded with a smile. He did not care what methods Qin Sheng had, nor did he ask him. He sat down on the ground and placed the shield aside. His entire body relaxed.

“This fellow is worthy of being the boss of the Elegance Room. He really does have some charisma.”

Qin Luo could not help but raise his thumb at the way Ya Tu handled things.

"Big baddie, what's your solution?"

Just because Yatu didn't ask, it didn't mean that the others wouldn't ask as well. In fact, they were all curious, but it wasn't appropriate for them to ask. However, Mu Mu, who was a little too familiar with others, or rather, the naive Little Chili, didn't have such scruples. She asked crisply, her large eyes blinking with curiosity.

"Nothing much, just this!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any hidden thoughts and shared a certain skill in the team channel.

Remove Delirium: Consumes 30 mana points. There is a chance to see through traps, opportunities, arrays, illusions, etc. Cooldown time is 5 minutes!