Chapter 203: Contact And Affection With The Black Hair

"You…"

As she looked at Qin Sheng who was rushing towards her like a mad dog, a trace of astonishment appeared on her icy face that had never changed for ten thousand years. Her willowy eyebrows were slightly curved, as if she was somewhat angry.

Since it was an urgent matter, Qin Sheng did not care much about it. He pounced forward and pushed the black hair away. At the same time, he crossed his arms in the air and hugged it tightly.

The next moment…

Boom!

A pillar of fire that was about three metres in diameter suddenly burst forth, engulfing the area where the azure threads were originally standing. The intense heat burned the air, scorching Yatu and the rest who were not far away. Their bodies were burning hot and they were sweating profusely as they hurriedly retreated.

Boom…

There was another explosion.

But this time, it wasn't because of the underground fire pillar. It was a bolt of lightning that landed directly on Qin Sheng's head, instantly stunning him.

"Ding, as your actions have triggered the harassment mechanism, Player Cyan Hair has activated Elementary Thunder Punishment on you. Health Points -10,000, entering a weakened state for 1 hour!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Woman, aren't you going a little overboard?

“In order to save you, I didn’t care about anything else. I even used the trick of a dog pouncing on its prey. I even protected you in my arms like a gentleman. Not only did I save your life, but I also didn’t harm you in the slightest. How can you repay me like this?

Qin Luo's furious gaze met the green hair's angry gaze. Qin Luo was immediately stupefied, forgetting that he wanted to denounce him.

Damn!

Isn't this too beautiful?

I got it!

The iceberg beauty showed her feminine side. This contrast was adorable, AWSL!

“How long are you going to touch it?”

After all, she had an iceberg persona. Her shy and angry attitude came and went quickly. Soon, her cold black hair was restored and her eyes were like steel blades that hurt people.

“So

YC, I didn't do it on purpose! "

Qin Luo Sheng's heart trembled. Only then did he look at his own hand belatedly. Unknowingly, he had actually pressed onto a certain indescribably towering object on the azure hair. He now understood why the girl refused to comply. She was molesting him.

"I'll get up now!"

The warm and soft jade in his arms, the fresh fragrance that drifted into his nose, the extreme softness of his palm, and that peerlessly beautiful face that could cause the downfall of a city or state. The charm exuded by his fine black hair made Qin Sheng, as a man, completely unable to resist it. His mind was in a daze as he subconsciously closed his palm, grabbed and pinched it.

"Yes!"

This was an instinctive reaction of her body after her brain was not sharp enough. However, it was different in the eyes of the azure hair. She widened her eyes as fury interweaved in them. She wished she could glare at Qin Sheng to death. However, her instincts did not shift with her will. The true feedback of her body made her let out a soft groan under the claws of the wolf. It was a moan filled with seduction.

“Bastard ~ ~ ~ ~”

At this moment, she felt that her body, which had never been touched by a man since she was young, was a little strange. It was an indescribable and unprecedented feeling. It was as if all the energy in her body had been sucked out. The angry curses that were about to reach her mouth had also become weak and powerless curses. She had never realized that she could actually make such a delicate and sweet sound.

“Open ~ ~ ~ me ~ ~ ~ ~”

Seemingly sensing that she had become very strange, the remaining trace of clarity in her black hair prompted her to resist, to resist this abnormality that she had never felt before. She wanted Qin Sheng to let her go.

She was afraid. She was afraid of that hand. She was afraid of that fiery hand that was pressed tightly against the private parts of her daughter's house. It was like a hot iron, burning her body and making her heart tremble.

“Everything okay?”

"Sister Qing Si!"

"Quick, save him!"

"Brother Weeping Soul!"

"…"

A series of noisy voices suddenly rang out, interrupting the charming atmosphere that was purely between the two of them. Qin Luo Sheng, who had been bewitched by the charm of his black hair that was pulled to his MAX, was suddenly jolted awake. When he recalled what had happened just now, his face was instantly filled with embarrassment. Looking at the iceberg girl whose eyes were misty and her face slightly flushed, he hurriedly got up and pulled her up as well.

"Sorry!"

He took a glance at Qin Luo, who was rapidly regaining consciousness. The redness on his face had dissipated, and his cold black hair had been restored. His black eyes, which were extremely deep and unfathomable without any emotions, were staring straight at him. Qin Sheng's heart turned cold. He was afraid that this girl would come again and harass him like a bolt of lightning, so he immediately apologized while shivering.

“Remember, you owe me one.”

Seeing that Ya Tu and the others had come over, Qing Si retracted her gaze and forcefully endured the abnormality in her body. Especially the burning sensation on her chest that had yet to dissipate. After saying this coldly, she kept silent and pretended to be calm as if nothing had happened.

"Alright!"

With regards to this, what else could Qin Sheng say? He could only reply with a bitter smile.

A goddess of this level, not to mention a loser like him, even those rich second-generation heirs were not qualified to talk to her, let alone hug her like he did just now and even molested her.

Even if he had to pay the price of being humane, to a man, this was a huge gain!

"Brother Weihun, what happened just now?"

Everyone gathered around Qin Luo and Qing Si heaved a sigh of relief when they saw that they were not injured.

As the team leader, Yatu heaved a huge sigh of relief. If he didn't even get to see the monsters at this level, and the most important Priest and the strongest fighter in the team had problems at the same time, he wouldn't be able to f*ck them anymore and would just go home.

"It's nothing. I just felt that the underground fire pillar was about to appear, so I warned you to be careful. However, you were all dumbstruck and didn't move, so I had no choice but to do this."

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders, completely disregarding the frighteningly cold gaze of the azure hair as he continued to explain, "I'm sacrificing myself!"

"Brother Weeping Soul, you can sense the movements of the underground fire pillar?" Ya Tu was shocked and quickly asked.

"That's right!" Qin Luo nodded and replied, "Perhaps it's because of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl. Among the five elements, water counters fire. With it, one would be able to sense it before the underground pillar of fire erupts. That's why one would know."

“What the fuck?”

"Amazing, my brother."

Instantly, everyone was amazed.

"That's great. This way, the threat of the fire pillar won't be so great." Yatu clapped and laughed, very happy.

“The fire pillar problem is solved. But what about the monsters?”

However, at this moment, Qin Sheng poured a bucket of cold water over everyone. He moved his finger and pointed to the side. Over there, a skeleton covered in flames was slowly walking alone.

Everyone was speechless.

Disasters never came alone.

Along the way, he did not see a single strand of hair. He originally thought that this test was purely a harsh environment. He never expected that there were really monsters. The dog system was truly a scam.

"It's still the same old method. Split up a little and don't stick together. Brother Weeping Soul is in charge of warning. Everyone's attack rhythm should slow down a little. We can't be too frequent, which will cause us to be unable to escape due to the stiffness from using our skills.”

Yatu spoke slowly and strode forward. "I'll go first. Follow me."