Chapter 205: Fire God—Fire Yan (2)

“Which little thief dares to trespass into this great sir’s territory?”

Familiar formulas, familiar lines, and familiar shiny appearances.

Ignoring the Boss' clamor, Yatu, who was the closest to him, activated Probing on the spot and shared the information with the team channel.

[Fire God—Fire Yan (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 17

Health Points: 420000

Mana: 280,000

Physical Attack: 500

Magic Attack: 4180

Physical Defense: 1,200

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 440

Skills:???

Introduction: Fire b * stard was born in the south of Fate Continent to protect the Holy City—Vermillion Bird City. Due to his hidden nature, he was misjudged to be unable to cultivate. As a result, he was abandoned by his family, and thus developed a solitary and cold personality. After sixteen years of youth, he was mocked and humiliated by his family. After Guanli, he was exiled by the Huo family, and ever since then, he left Vermillion Bird City and wandered the world. Later, he met an extraordinary person and took him in as a disciple, helping him open his meridians and cultivate the Fire Spirit Body. His strength improved greatly. During his travels, he met the King of Mercenaries by chance, and was subdued by his charm. From then on, he followed the King of Mercenaries. Because the King of Mercenaries was plotted against by the experts of the orc kingdom, he took revenge in anger. He set his camp 800 miles away and burned down the Orc kingdom's Bilan Mountain Range. 100,000 Orc troops and millions of orc civilians died in his hands. His name shook the continent. "Fire Spirit"

Damn!

This attribute!

He was getting more irritable.

"The underground fire pillars here are erupting more frequently. I don't have the energy to sense them when I fight the Boss later."

Qin Luo Sheng continued, "Therefore, everyone, please spread out and don't pile up. Also, when the pillar of fire erupts, there should be a slight vibration and a slight increase in temperature under your feet. As long as you're careful, you should be able to detect it and avoid it in time."

None of them were noobs. After the battle just now, it could be said that everyone had experienced being sprayed by the underground fire pillar. Naturally, they could vaguely sense it. Now that Qin Sheng had pointed it out, they immediately remembered it.

"Let's follow the strategy from before!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Yatu and signaled him with his eyes. The latter understood instantly and pressed forward with his shield to attract the Boss' attention first and create an opportunity for Qin Luo to attack.

Yatu made his move. Qing Si and the others were not idle either. They immediately threw all their buffs on Qin Sheng.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Clever!"

"Leopard Tu!"

After receiving so many buffs, Qin Sheng did not hesitate and instantly added three speed enhancements skills.

"A mere pest dares to fight me?—Die, Fireball!"

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Five huge orange fireballs flew out from Fire Yan's staff like meteors and flew towards Yatu, who was using his shield as a bait.

"Shield Wall!"

Yatu's expression changed. He did not expect that this dog would not play by the rules and directly arrange a greeting gift.

One fireball was still alright, but now there were five of them at the same time. A sense of foreboding rose in his heart, and he did not dare to use any skills. He immediately erected a shield wall and enhanced his defense, preparing to withstand this wave.

-2,500!

-2,500!

-2,500!

-2,500!

Four consecutive dull thuds rang out as fireballs collided with Yatu's shield wall.

Qin Sheng's eyelids twitched when he saw the neat row of damage numbers above Yatu's head.

Indeed!

The damage was too terrifying. Before the fifth fireball connected, Yatu had already fallen.

"Hanging up just like that?"

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded.

Qing Si and the others were also dumbfounded.

This was the first time someone had died since entering this godforsaken place. Moreover, the one who died was the pillar of the team, the only Shield Specialist.

“Dirty worm.”

After finishing Ya Tu in one blow, Fire Yan locked his gaze on Qin Sheng and sneered. The staff in his hand emitted a thick red glow, and the fire element instantly erupted. "Fire Dragon Spell."

A fire dragon!

That's right, it was a fire dragon. From the tip of Fire Yan's staff, that huge fire-element magic stone was born. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws as it flew towards Qin Sheng in an extremely violent manner.

"D * mn, don't think you're the only one who knows how to play with flowers."

Qin Luo flew into a rage and took out the Water Vein Spirit Pearl that had just completed its evolution. Without hesitation, he activated the power of water and aimed at the incoming fire dragon, roaring, "Water Vein Impact!"

In an instant!

Fire and water interweaved, neutralizing each other. A thin mist rose, quickly spreading, surrounding the battlefield.

"Interesting, it's the Naga Race's water-type treasure. No wonder someone dared to invade our territory."

Huo Yan cried out in surprise, but he quickly regained his cool and snorted. "So what if it's a water-type treasure? It's just a defective product that has lost its power. Watch how I break it."

Qin Luo Sheng ignored this lunatic and focused on resisting the fire dragon.

Now, it was impossible for him to back down.

Because Water Pulse Break was a continuous skill, it had to be controlled by someone, otherwise it would be interrupted. Therefore, when fighting with Fire Yan, the two of them could only stand there, unable to move.

Even with the evolution of the Li Water Monster Core, the duration of the Water Vein Blast had increased significantly. It was now 30 seconds long, but it was still not comparable to Fire Yan.

After all…

Fire Yan relied on true ability, while he relied on external help.

Furthermore, this was the territory of Fire Yan, and there were plenty of fire elements here. Water might be able to suppress fire, but the difference in quantity was too huge. Fire could even counter water.

Besides!

Even if he could compete with Fire Yan for 30 seconds, what about 30 seconds later? The buff effect of his skills was over, what was the point of playing?

"Backstab!"

Just as they were in a stalemate and feeling anxious, a cold voice rang out and entered Qin Sheng's ears, making him feel as if he was listening to nature.

Qin Sheng looked up and saw a figure next to Fire Yan. It was Shadow.

"NICE!"

Qin Luo praised in surprise. He immediately cut off the effects of the water vein impact and dashed forward.

"Damned vermin, how dare you be so bold."

One second of dizziness was extremely fast. After Fire Yan woke up from his stun state, he glanced at Shadow, who was not far away, and flew into a rage. He waved his staff and was about to cast a spell.

"Stop bickering. Even if I get close to you, the stage is mine."

The fire elemental essence was active, the energy of the fire elemental stones was gathered, and just as the magic was about to form, Qin Sheng arrived.

"Die!"

[Coiling Dragon Li Water] slashed down on Fire Yan's neck. This sudden attack was unpredictable, and Fire Yan was instantly killed.

-4,218!

With one hit, Fire Yan's health points dropped by 10%.

Just this?

Qin Qin Sheng smiled disdainfully.

Strongest magic attack? Strongest magic damage? Strongest skill?

Indeed!

However!

So what?

As long as you don't use magic.

Once he got close, his death was imminent.

Sacrificing his defense in exchange for everything, he would eventually suffer the consequences.

What could a mere 1200 points of Defense do?

How many strikes can you withstand with Skywolf and Heart of Courage?

With just an instant slash, he had lost 10% of his HP. What was there to be proud of when he was so weak?