Chapter 215: Mission Completed, Rich Reward

The seventh level!

Level 18 Gold Boss, Berserker: Berserker—Astral Slash. Attack is high and HP is high. Unfortunately, it is a close-combat skill. Attacked to death by Yatu, one Gold Single Sword dropped and four Silver trash dropped.

The eighth level!

Level 18 Gold Boss, two twin sisters.

One was the Light Priest: Holy Heal—Ming Wei.

One of them was the Dark Priest's Dark Commandment—Ming Shu's Dark Commandment.

What was the use of a supportive BOSS?

Attack, not strong attack.

His body was not thick.

In the end, he was ravaged and dropped a Gold-tier equipment, seven Silver-tier equipment, and a Silver-tier skill book used by Dark Priest. Just like that, he died.

The ninth level!

The terrain was a wide platform, somewhat similar to an arena.

There was nothing in the surroundings, surrounded by mountains, it seemed like a dangerous place.

There were no monsters in the empty land. There was only a figure sitting cross-legged at the center of the platform. Qin Sheng and the others carefully approached it.

"You're finally here!"

The seated figure stood up and turned around, revealing his face.

He was a rather handsome young man with gentle eyes and a refined temperament. He was very charming.

"You are the Mercenary King?"

If it were a beauty, Qin Sheng might lose his composure. However, as a man who was straight as steel, he would definitely not be bewitched. Ignoring the infatuated girls in the team, he took a step forward, stared at him and asked in a deep voice.

"…At that time, people did call me that."

The young man nodded without hiding his identity.

"I didn't expect the famous Mercenary King to be a young man. How surprising."

Qin Luo sighed.

“In that case, can you please explain why you left behind a mission for us, the younger generation, to come here? If I’m not mistaken, you should still have some will left. Right now, you should be very clear-headed, not like your companion who has already become an undying type monster.”

It still had a will?

Yatu and the others instantly widened their eyes.

As the main content of the new version, the mercenary system had always been the one that received the most attention.

The background information on the official website and the secret information found in the Mercenary Guild could not escape the Mercenary King.

‘ But—’

The legend of the Mercenary King had been around for hundreds of years.

After such a long period of time, even if one did not talk about the vicissitudes of life, at least as a human, it should have long rotted into mud, right?

"You don't need to be confused. I died a few hundred years ago. The me you see now is only an afterimage formed by my soul and will.” The mercenary king explained with a smile as if he could see everyone's shock and doubt.

"What is a mercenary? What is the meaning of a mercenary's existence?… Many people have asked me these questions before." Without waiting for Qin Sheng and the others to ask, the mercenary king spoke first. "It's just that no one can answer these questions. Or rather, everyone has their own answers."

"For hundreds of years, countless elites have come to this place. In fact, many of them have come here like you and met me. They have all completed my test and received the blessings of me and my companions.

The Mercenary King smiled warmly. "However, you are the worst team I have ever seen."

???

Big brother, are you arrogant?

He had already been dead for hundreds of years. Strictly speaking, he was already a few hundred years old. Was it really good for him to still be so mischievous?

Do you know what it means to not tear down a person when it's difficult?

We are players. How can you compare us to NPCs?

"However, it doesn't matter if you are weak. You can train and grow continuously. However, there are many things that can't be learned just by training."

With a wave of his hand, a cyan bead appeared in the Mercenary King's hand. He handed it over to Yatu and said sternly, "A person's strength is limited in the end. If you want to become stronger, not only must you constantly improve yourself, you must also learn to trust your companions and rely on them.”

"Congratulations, you have successfully passed my trial. Seeing you all is like seeing me and my companions back then. I will never abandon anyone, I will never sacrifice anyone. If there are difficulties, we will work hard together. If there is honor, we will bear witness together. We are friends, we are family."

Ding… congratulations on completing the hidden mission [Mercenary King's Test]. The system will be announcing the entire war zone. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

Suddenly, the system notification sounded beside his ear.

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned for a moment before choosing YES!

"Reveal!"

Ding… Huaxia war zone players, please take note. Huaxia war zone players, please take note. Player Yatu, Azuresilk, Mu Mu, Fengxing, have a taste of my blade. Shadow, Dazzling Dance, Apostle, Cutie Baby Dad, Weeping Soul, has completed the hidden mission [Mercenary King's Test]. Reward: [Yatu Mercenary Group] level + 1, recruitment number + 10. Player who has completed the mission will be rewarded individually: Level + 1, Reputation + 2000, random job equipment, skill book! This is the announcement!

Ding…

Ding…

Three system notifications resounded throughout the entire Chinese war zone.

"This reward is really generous!"

Qin Luo Sheng almost drooled.

This trip was really worth it.

He not only leveled up to level 20, but he also obtained a pair of Gold boots, a pair of Gold earrings, an unknown job equipment, and two skill books.

What a profit!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The white light around them continued to flicker. Yatu and the others were teleported away one after another.

"???"

After the last apostle had been teleported away, Qin Luo waited for a long time, but there was no white glow on him.

What was going on?

Qin Luo turned around and looked at the indifferent mercenary king.

Needless to say, he was the one behind this.

"I can sense an unimaginable power from you."

Before Qin Sheng could ask, the King of Mercenaries spoke first. "In fact, you and your companions have not completed my test. Or rather, you are missing the final test."

Qin Luo's mind was filled with question marks. "What do you mean?"

"You are very strong. It is precisely because you are too strong that your strength is severely miscalculated. You won too easily. You did not let me see what kind of heart you will reveal when facing true death and despair."

Qin Sheng:…

“Originally, I was prepared to add the final trial to make up for it. However, I gave up and allowed you and your companions to complete this trial.”

Qin Luo Sheng: "Big brother, what are you talking about? I don't understand at all."

"You should be very puzzled now, wondering why I did this." The mercenary king looked straight at Qin Sheng and said in a resolute tone, "Because—you!"

"Me?" Qin Sheng pointed at himself, dumbfounded.

The mercenary king nodded solemnly. "Do you want to hear my story?"

“The story of the Mercenary King?”

Qin Luo's eyes lit up as his heart began to beat uncontrollably.

There was no doubt that a hidden mission had arrived.

He straightened his body and sat upright.

"I'm all ears."