Chapter 210: Gold Equipment: Shadow Ghost Boots

Ding… You have successfully killed level 17 Silver Enhanced Boss Ghost Shadow—Cold Blood. EXP gained: 60W + Reputation: 1,500! '

Hu…

Upon hearing the familiar system prompt, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

Finally…

The perfect control over Coldblood did not give him any chance.

How nice.

In a one-on-one fight, Qin Sheng had no fear at all. He was afraid that this cold-blooded fellow would only pick on pushovers and assassinate weaklings like Qing Si and Mu Mu.

After all, he was a Thief Boss and he was in his own territory. Once he hid himself and decided to launch a sneak attack, there was really nothing he could do.

Fortunately—

This fellow was too impatient. If he had seen through Qin Luo's plan of using his green hair to save the adorable baby's father, he would have held back and shifted his attention from the two priests to the other crusty ones. Even if he could not win, he would at least be able to kill two people and reduce the number of people in the team.

What a pity!

In the end, he did not have any intelligence. He only retained some of his instincts when he was alive. Furthermore, he was an Undying type monster. He was naturally disgusted with the two Priests who were covered in the power of light, which led to him making the wrong judgment and falling into a trap.

Buzz…

Buzz…

Buzz…

Several golden lights flashed. Someone had leveled up again with the huge amount of experience points that Coldblood had contributed.

Even though the contribution points were not high (the damage ratio, the damage ratio, and the last hit etc), and was not as good as Qin Luo Sheng, this animal, the level was not too bad after all. There was still an output, and the experience points did not decrease much. It was normal for a few bosses to level up.

84.2%!

"The higher one goes, the harder it is to raise one's level. This motherf*cker wants 200W + experience points from level 18 to 19. That's enough." Qin Sheng could not help but complain as he looked at the experience bar that had increased by another level.

"No one touched the corpses?" Qin Sheng glanced at the few people who were immersed in the joy of leveling up and asked. He then squatted down by himself, his hand already moving towards Coldblood who was about to turn cold.

"Me, me, me, let me do it!" When it came to touching corpses, the most enthusiastic one would always be Little Chili Mu Mu.

For some reason, why would a rich young lady like her like to touch corpses?

Was this the eccentricity of the rich?

"Stop!"

However, when he thought of the previous two Bosses that Mu Mu had touched, and the grade of their equipment produced, Qin Sheng could not help but shudder and hurriedly called for a stop.

"Stop!"

Disregarding everything else, under Mu Mu's furious gaze, Qin Sheng was one step ahead of him and completed the autopsy.

The entire process was as smooth as flowing water and as fast as lightning, fully displaying Qin Luo's wild hand speed of being single for more than forty years.

"You big baddie!"

Mu Mu's eyes reddened.

She felt wronged.

She felt offended.

As a lucky girl who had already gotten rid of the Uprising and had been promoted to the European King, Qin Sheng's actions reminded her of the dark days when she had been mocked and humiliated.

Didn't I just take out one gold and three silver?

Why don't you believe me?

I, Miss Mu Mu, am not convinced!

“Yeah?”

Just as Mu Mu gritted his teeth and was about to look for Qin Sheng to settle the score, he suddenly saw a patch of golden light that was shared in the team channel. He immediately stopped in his tracks and his eyes filled with hatred were instantly replaced by Little Xingxing.

"What the f*ck? Three Gold, two Silver, one Skill Book and one scroll?"

"Big brother is awesome! Big brother is awesome!"

"Tsk tsk, what is a European King? Do you see that? This is a European King."

"Boss, do you need a subordinate? Take a look at me. I don't want anything. Just give me some luck."

"Brother Weeping Soul, if you continue like this, I'm going to call the police!"

"Sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * tty sh * t! Chang Wei, you said you don't know martial arts… Cough cough, big shot, you still said you don't know how to cheat?"

"…"

There was a wild wailing.

It was no wonder that Yatu and the others had lost their composure.

Rather, it was Qin Sheng's shocking touch that was truly too savage.

A Silver-grade BOSS dropped five pieces of equipment. The drop rate was already so high. However, this was not the most terrifying thing. The most terrifying thing was that the quality of this equipment was heaven-defying. Three Gold and two Silver pieces.

Top quality ratio—300% or even higher!

Inferiority ratio—0%!

Furthermore!

It was not just equipment. There was no need to talk about Augmenting Gems. It would normally drop, but Skill Books and Scrolls would be a pleasant surprise beyond his expectations.

Qin Sheng had no interest in the Silver-tier equipment. He gave up on it and let his teammate take him away!

Three pieces of Gold equipment, a general staff, and a dagger. The former was taken away by Dancing Fire, while the latter was taken by Yatu.

Qin Luo Sheng entered the account together: 22 gold coins!

The last piece of equipment—

[Shadow Ghost Boots]

Category: Boots

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 18, Warrior Class

[Unidentified]

"Oh, is there finally something I can use?"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

"Brother Weeping Soul, these boots…"

Ya Tu glanced at Qin Sheng. Seeing his eyes shining, he was about to give up on the spot.

"We can all use this. Brother Yatu, eat my knife. Let's roll for it and see who's lucky!"

Qin Luo was the first to turn on the Roll System.

Roll: 58!

"It's your turn!"

Qin Luo raised his hand with a smile, his eyes clear and calm.

"Sure!"

Yatu was stunned for a moment before he nodded and smiled.

Roll: 49 points!

"Then, I won't stand on ceremony either!"

The boss made an example. He laughed and turned on Roll.

Roll: 24 points!

Victory had been decided!

Qin Luo Sheng won Weeping Soul and ate my blade with 59 points.

Ding… You have received [Shadow Ghost Boots]! '

The other seven teammates gave up on ROL. Instantly, the pair of level 18 Shadow Ghost Boots landed in Qin Sheng's backpack.

"Looks like my luck is pretty good!"

Qin Luo Sheng passed the gold coins to his teammates one by one as a red packet. Not much, 10 gold coins per person. It was the same as what Yatu and the others had given him previously. He was neither generous nor stingy.

"Let's continue!"

Although he felt a little heartache after losing 90 gold coins, he had obtained the [Shadow Ghost Boots] after all, allowing the [Forest Hunter's Boots], which could no longer keep up with his pace, to have a substitute. Qin Sheng was in quite a good mood. He smiled and revealed the skill book that everyone was eagerly looking at. "Next up is the highlight."

[Brutal Strike (Gold)] Requirement: Physical Melee Class.

"Gold skill?"

Fengxing, who was the youngest and the most impatient, was the first to cry out. Because he was too shocked, even his voice was a bit off-key. He cried out in pain, "Why do you need melee combat? F*ck!"

"Heh, it's ours again!"

I was a little disappointed that I didn’t get the Shadow War Boots. I didn’t expect to see the light at the end of the tunnel. My equipment was gone, and a Gold Skill Book appeared in front of me.

Great!