Chapter 219: Violent Blood Art

"Why isn't there a hand guard that dropped? Even if it's a Silver one!"

Qin Luo was somewhat helpless.

Looking at the [Jungle Scamper Hunter] that he had just exchanged, he took out the other parts of the [Jungle Scamper] set. They were either Level 8 or Level 10. Although their grades were Gold, Gold at this level could not compare to Silver at Level 20.

"Why don't we sell it? If we sell it now, the price won't be too bad. Otherwise, in a day or two, when everyone's level increases, the price will definitely plummet."

The upgrade of equipment was quite fast.

The attributes of the Jungle Scamper set were not bad. Even if it was used to level 15, it would not be a problem. It was definitely not inferior to ordinary level 15 Silver equipment. Especially with the set effect, it added quite a lot of points.

There was also the ring [Wolf Fang].

Level 5 Gold-tier equipment was too outdated.

The amazing "Health Points + 100, Strength + 10, Vitality + 10" was no longer a big deal. It was no longer a big deal.

If they did not sell the ring now that most of the people did not have it, they would not be able to get rid of it in the future. Even if someone wanted it, it would definitely be at a cheap price.

"Player Weeping Soul Shout: Star Glory City's Tibetan Dragon Pavilion sells the set that I have used before, [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book], [Jungle Book]. Additional set attributes: Strength + 5, Constitution + 10, Agility + 5, Spirit + 5, Health Points Recovery + 20 / second, Mana Recovery + 20 / second! At the same time, put up a large batch of high-quality equipment for you to choose from. Welcome, everyone."

"Player Weeping Soul Shout:…"

"…"

For Qin Sheng, it was a piece of cake for him to shout at the main city once every gold coin. He came ten times in a row and frantically advertised.

With his reputation as Weeping Soul, the Jungle Scamper Set was once his battle equipment. Regardless of the attributes, the value of the equipment was already worth a lot of points. People with foresight might even buy it as a collector's item (comical).

He hung up the Jungle Book and Wolf Fangs and marked the starting price of 100 gold and 50 gold. He did not set a price but limited the auction time to 3 hours.

After the matter was settled, Qin Sheng took another look at the many players who had come because of his advertisement. Seeing that the hype was already on track, he no longer paid attention to it and turned his gaze to the two skill books that were still waiting for his "favor".

[Brutal Strike (Epic)] costs 500 Mana Points to activate on a single target and slash three times on the target in a very short time. The damage is fixed at 200%. If the target's weak spot is attacked, the damage will be doubled. If the target's joint is attacked, the damage will be doubled and there is a high chance of triggering the Crippling effect. Cooldown: 3 minutes!

"Epic sure is Epic. You didn't disappoint me."

Qin Luo drooled all over the ground. "Fortunately, I was quick-witted back then and wasn't fooled by Yatu and the others. Otherwise, how could there be such an Epic-ranked freak after sublimation?"

[Blood Explosion Spell (Gold)] burns 50% of one's health, obtains 100% increase in physical attack power. Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 10 minutes!

The introduction was simple and clear.

Qin Luo's eyes almost popped out.

Even though the price was extremely high, the enhancement was insane. It was just that he did not know if it was the Normal-level or the Final Extreme. If it was the Final Extreme, then the real grade of this Violent Blood Art was definitely not inferior to the Epic-level.

“With this, the chances of us making it to Precipice Mountain Range are much greater.”

Satisfied, Qin Luo turned off the skill column, stood up, activated the store owner's authority, and teleported to Star Glory City's resurrection point.

First, he went to the provision store to buy ten returning scrolls, then spent 20 gold coins to buy a detailed map of the periphery of Cliff Ridge. Then, he went to the nearby food shop to replenish his food and water.

After finishing his preparations, Qin Sheng ran out of the city. Summoning his Ferghana horse, he sped towards the Cliff Ridge.

It was indeed worthy of being a BMW Spirit Colt that had been bought with a large sum of money. Traveling thousands of miles in a day was nothing difficult. Originally, it would have taken him at least ten hours to ride the Ferghana horse. In less than an hour, he had already arrived at the outskirts of Precipice Ridge.

[The leopard]

Level: 20

Health Points: 80,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 1,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 300

Magic Defense: 80

Speed: 280

Skills:???

Introduction: An ordinary leopard, nothing special.

Qin Sheng:…

This introduction had quite the character.

Still.

He didn't say anything. It was indeed ordinary and weak.

After a few slashes, he gained 300 EXP and 27 Bronze Coins. Not bad.

"Ding… Collected successfully. You have received: complete beast skin * 1!"

"Ding… Collected successfully, you received: Normal beast meat * 3!"

A glance—

Beast hides could be used for tailoring and armor. Beast meat was naturally used for cooking.

Unranked white ingredients and white ingredients were extremely cheap.

It was better than nothing.

In any case, there was a lot of space in the backpack. The lower the grade of the materials, the more materials a group would have. Especially for these inferior items, a group would be split into a thousand portions. It did not take up any space in the backpack at all. It was very refreshing.

Qin Sheng studied the detailed map that he had bought with 20 gold coins and tried his best to find a shortcut. He wanted to enter the true boundary of the Great Cliff Ridge as soon as possible and not waste time wandering around the periphery.

However!

The Cliff Ridge was too big. Even though he had already taken the best route, he still delayed Qin Sheng for almost two hours.

It wouldn’t take that long to actually walk, but the optimal route would be crossing the territories of a dozen monsters. There was no danger along the way, but there was plenty of trouble, and that was what delayed it.

Stepping into the outer region of the precipice, Qin Luo's eyes narrowed. He activated his detection technique and captured the level and attributes of the monsters that were roaming nearby.

Compared to the mass monsters on the plains outside, the monsters here were undoubtedly stronger. They were also Level 22.

The overall structure of Precipice Ridge was in the shape of an "open" shape. The mountain was very steep, and it was fine from the outer to the middle. It was relatively flat, but the slope towards the top didn't affect it much.

But from the center to the depths, it was almost a 90-degree “°” structure. Besides climbing and flying, there was no third path.

This time, when he entered the forest, he did not feel that it was quite smooth without the characteristics of the Jungle Book. Lacking the title of "Child of the Forest", there was indeed some influence.

Another three hours passed.

Qin Luo stumbled along the way and finally walked out of the central area, stepping into the depths of the precipice.

Only then did Qin Sheng feel the pressure.

It was not just the geographical environment that had brought him here. There were also monsters hidden somewhere that could ambush him at any time.

In the depths of Precipice Ridge, the map that he had spent a great deal of money on was no longer useful. There were no records of this place at all. He could only rely on himself to explore.

"It doesn't matter if you don't have the map to guide you. The most important thing is not to go to the wrong place."

Qin Luo Sheng swept his gaze across the surroundings and headed up without hesitation. There was definitely no mistake.

This was the starting point of the precipice. The terrain wasn’t particularly steep, not even reaching 90 degrees. It was around 70 degrees or 75 degrees. One didn’t even need to climb and could still walk for a while.