Chapter 213: Golden Earrings: The Reaper'S Hug (1)

"Recover!"

"Thorn!"

"Metal Transformation!"

The two battle pets were surrounded and beaten up. Nainai, who was driving them to fight, naturally did not sit back and watch. She continued to use her skills.

With a "Recovery", he restored the health points of the War Pet that had been defeated.

A “Thorn” covered the War Pet with a damage reflection buff.

With the “Metal Transformation”, the War Pet’s fragile skeleton body seemed to have turned into metal. Both its defense and resistance had been greatly enhanced.

"Is this a Summoner?"

Qin Luo Sheng was astonished. "So powerful!"

Ever since he entered Fate Dimension, this was the first time he encountered a Summoner, be it a player or a monster.

Unexpectedly!

Such a terrifying vocation was actually the least among all the vocations. According to the official statistics, it was only 0.38%. It was almost 100 times that of a Warrior and 100 times that of a reverse.

Why?

There were many reasons, and the biggest one was—too weak!

Qin Sheng scoffed at this.

As an epoch-making virtual world game, there were actually NTs who felt that Summoners, who were one of the six major professions and coexisted with Warriors and Magicians, were very weak.

However—

It was true.

Summoners were indeed the weakest vocation. At least, that was the case for now.

Why?

He would have to start from the characteristics of the Summoner’s job—relying on War Pet to fight for himself!

Where did the War Pet come from?

It was either subduing wild monsters or incubating them to train them. Compared to other jobs, a Summoner had to spend a lot of effort and money on battle pets. This way, the cost would be too high. Normal players would not be able to afford it.

Furthermore!

Battle pets were also divided into high and low grades.

A good battle pet could only be chanced upon by luck.

Even if you had money, it would be useless if you could not buy a powerful battle pet.

Those trash items sold by the System Shop?

What was the use?

Even if the basic battle pet was equipped with the best equipment and trained crazily without considering the investment, the upper limit was still there. The combat cap was too low. It was not strong even if it was raised to the limit.

Unless he could tame a pet with higher potential and special abilities in the wild, preferably one of a kind.

Otherwise!

The Summoners were invincible. They killed Bosses like dogs. Even leveling up was despised by others.

Even if there was a team and they could enter the dungeon, they would only be used as tools. They would sacrifice their battle pets to pull monsters, scout the way, touch traps, and take the blame. They would become the ultimate rascals of the team.

What was the point of this?

"Help!"

After Nainai strengthened her battle pet, Yatu, who were already struggling to hold on, couldn’t hold on at all. Especially after taking a hit from me, they were in a perilous situation. If it weren’t for the fact that Qing Si and the cute baby daddy had given up on Yatu and focused on healing him, along with a few explosive attacks from the back row to pull aggro, they might already be lying on the ground.

"Backstab!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and turned a deaf ear to the shouts of "eat me!". Instead, he continued to charge violently toward Nainai. Just as Nainai raised her scepter again, the familiar magic array for summoning battle pets appeared once again, and a cold shout rang out.

"Well done!"

Qin Sheng, who was behind Nainai, was delighted when he saw An Ying, who was holding a dagger with a cold expression on his face.

At the crucial moment, someone stood out.

“Nice back-stabbing.”

Qin Sheng ran within ten meters of Nainai in large strides and used Instant Slash to get close to Nainai. He said to An Ying, "Help me take a stab. He can't take it anymore. Leave this to me. I'll kill the Boss as soon as possible."

"Alright!" An Ying took a step back and dodged Nainai's claw. He quickly ran back. "Then I'll leave this place to you."

Perhaps it was because she had some consciousness, but Nainai was not attracted by the system's aggro mechanism. She gave up on the dark shadows that had ambushed her and allowed them to leave. Her gaze landed on Qin Sheng, and she instinctively felt that the man before her was the most threatening.

"Summon!"

The magic array appeared again, and this time, five appeared at the same time. Even Qin Sheng, who was as steady as an old dog, could not help but panic.

"Shadow Assault!"

"Shadow Stab!"

In an instant, the [Coiling Dragon Water] pierced through the back of Nainai's head. However, it was too late. Five battle pets of different shapes were summoned by Nainai.

"This is going to be troublesome!"

Taking advantage of Nainai's dizziness, Qin Sheng immediately used the "Berserk Strike", which could cause severe injuries and reduce attributes. Unfortunately, it did not trigger absolute injuries and only reduced attributes by 10%.

Probing skill!

He swept his gaze across the attributes of the five skeleton battle pets and found that they were similar to the skeleton wolf over there. Only then did Qin Sheng heave a sigh of relief.

"It's just ordinary stuff. I'm relieved!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a fierce look on his face as his entire body shimmered. "Ice Skin!"

"Ding, your maximum health bar has increased by 100%, your Mana bar has increased by 100%, and you have recovered to your peak state instantly. Your Defense has increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds!"

"Perhaps overall, you're the strongest BOSS we've encountered since entering this place. You're worthy of being a Gold-tier BOSS. You're guarding this sixth level."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Nainai. He ignored the attacks of her five battle pets and pounced straight at her, his master. He did not dodge or evade, only attacking and not defending. "However, to me, you're the easiest to deal with. Physics can't instakill people, magic can't be used, and battle pets don't have enough abilities. What can you do to me?"

Attack!

Attack!

Attack!

Qin Luo Sheng was surrounded by five human beasts. Every second, he suffered six attacks. However, he now had over 40,000 health points and over 3,000 defense points. He was fearless.

The five trash battle pets that had not been enhanced by skills only had an attack power of about 2000 points and could not break through the defense.

On the other hand, Nainai was almost the same. Her 3,100 Physical Attack had been reduced by 10% (Raging Blow), but it was not as strong as Qin Sheng's Physical Defense.

Although there was not much difference between attack and defense, and the damage was not absolutely immune to MISS, or the limitless mandatory -1 Health Points, the amount of damage dealt was extremely limited. It was only a few dozen points to more than a hundred fluctuations. How was it different from Gua Sha?

Qin Luo Sheng could not even be bothered to move as he allowed the attacks to continue. At this level, there was no need for potions. He could maintain his peak state just by relying on the blood-sucking ability of the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier].

48 seconds later!

Ding… you have successfully killed Level 18 Gold Boss Spiritual Master—Nainai. EXP gained: 100W, Reputation Points: 2000! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Ignoring the notification from the system, Qin Sheng quickly finished off a few annoying Skeleton War Pets.

He didn’t have time to pick up the loot from the corpses. He ran all the way back and quickly killed the two strengthened battle pets whose HP had been mostly depleted, saving Yatu and the others from the sea of bitterness.

At this point!

The sixth floor finally quieted down.