Chapter 217: The Four Rankings Rankings Begins

"What happened?"

The sudden prompt from the system confused Qin Luo.

Qin Sheng knew about the ranking system.

Wasn't this released during the last update?

However, for some reason, it hadn't been opened for a long time, so he didn't pay attention to it anymore.

Unexpectedly, it was because the so-called Numinous Treasures were unable to gather the number of Numinous Treasures on the rankings, causing them to delay until now. They had no choice but to force the officials to find another ranking and replace it.

"Beep beep—"

Just as Qin Luo was about to turn on the ranking system and admire it, the communicator let out a hurried reminder.

"Brother Weihun, you really don't reveal your true strength. You've hidden it from me so well!"

When the call connected, Yatu's voice immediately sounded by his ear. He cried with tears, "Through this dungeon, I originally thought that I already had a good understanding of your combat power. I didn't expect you to actually still have so many hidden cards."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Brother Yatu, what are you talking about? Why don't I understand?" Qin Sheng's heart skipped a beat as he feigned ignorance. "I did my best. There were so many of you watching. I didn't go easy on you. Killing a boss is like killing a chicken. Every few seconds, what other trump cards can I hide?"

"Why would I believe you? You're such a bad old man." Yatu complained. "Why don't you go take a look at the rankings that the system has just activated and see how brilliant you are?"

"Holy f*ck!" Qin Sheng was shocked. He finally knew what the problem was.

He quickly opened the ranking system and the five ranking lists shone brightly.

Rankings Board:

First place: Weeping Soul, Level 20, Class: Shadow Warrior!

Second place: Yatu, Level 19, Class: Shield Warrior!

Third place: East Imperial, Level 18, Job: Archer!

Fourth place: Martial Emperor, Level 18, Job: Berserker!

Fifth place: Dark Walker, Level 17, Class: Thief!

Sixth place: Flaming Old Smoke Spear, Level 17, Class: Fire Mage!

Seventh place: Spiritual Pivot, Level 17, Class: Dark Priest!

Eighth place: Azuresilk, Level 17, Class: Light Priest!

Ninth place: Wind Walk, Level 17, Class: Archer!

Tenth place: Young Master Thunderbolt, Level 17, Class: Berserker!

Level 20, leading far ahead, first place.

To that.

Qin Luo was not surprised at all.

Although he had entered the city much later due to the mission, he had accumulated a lot of experience in the Beginner's Village, which was enough for him to level up three times.

In addition to that, they had killed three Level 20 Gold Bosses in the Mausoleum of Books and gained a lot of EXP. They had also gone to the dungeon with Yatu and killed nine Bosses. If they were to be overtaken, it would definitely be a conspiracy.

The second was Jatu. Qin Luo could understand.

As the first player to enter the city, he naturally had the advantage. He had just killed his way through the dungeon and completed the hidden quest. It was reasonable that he was level 19.

As for the rest of the rankings, from eight to ten, they were already old acquaintances.

As for the rest, he did not know them at all.

However, the third and fourth place had piqued Qin Sheng's interest.

If he didn't remember wrongly, East Imperial and Emperor Wu had heard from Young Master Leiting at the Luo River. He seemed to be one of the legendary giants in the online gaming world of China. One was from the south while the other was from the north. They were known as the North God Emperor and were famous in the South.

Indeed, one's reputation was well-deserved. Just from this ranking alone, one could tell that there was something special about it. If not for him, the hanging wall, and Ya Tu, who was lucky to have met him, the first and second place would have been theirs.

Equipment Ranking:

First place: [Life Prayer]. Location: Necklace. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Second place: [Skeleton of Death] Location: Ring, Grade: Epic, Owner: Weeping Soul!

Third place: [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon]. Location: Belt. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Fourth place: Hell Scepter. Location: Staff. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Fifth place: Death Fang. Location: Dagger. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Sixth place: [Spiritual Light Cape] Location: Cape. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Seventh place: Sun Hunting Bow. Location: Longbow. Grade: Epic. Owner: East Imperial!

Eighth place: [Mountain-Crushing Axe] Location: Two-Handed Heavy Axe. Grade: Epic. Owner: Martial Emperor!

Ninth place: [Coiling Dragon Water]. Location: Single-handed sword. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Tenth place: [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] Location: Single-handed sword. Grade: Epic. Owner: Weeping Soul!

Qin Sheng:…

Shit?

My eyes.

She was blind. She was about to be blinded.

It was no wonder Ya Ying was like a resentful woman. She kept nagging about how he had hidden his strength. Anyone who saw this list would go crazy.

There were a total of ten spots on the rankings. Not only did they occupy eight spots, they were all Epic.

Manpower?

Qin Luo Sheng secretly rejoiced.

It was fortunate that the medals were special equipment and weren't on the rankings. Otherwise, [Medal of Courage] and [Medal of Honor] would definitely be on the rankings, and their rankings would definitely be at the top. They would either be first or second or third.

Qin Sheng felt that it was normal for him to have such achievements.

However…

The East Imperial Continent and the Martial Emperor had charged into the rankings in a domineering manner and even pushed his Coiling Dragon Li Water and Hundred Battles Blood Soldier down. This surprised Qin Sheng.

No one knew better than Qin Sheng how this set of equipment had come about. Besides the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon], it had all been upgraded to the Epic stage due to the starlight miracle.

From this, it could be seen that

How rare were Epic equipment?

On the other hand, East Imperial and Martial Emperor were able to obtain one at the beginner stage. It was obvious that their strength was extraordinary and did not let them down.

It was even to the extent that Qin Sheng suspected that there was more to Emperor Wu and East Imperial.

After all!

The ranking only took in ten pieces of equipment. They might have other Epic equipment, but they were suppressed because of their low rating. This was very likely.

The third ranking—

Money rankings.

There was nothing much to see. Qin Sheng only took a cursory glance and did not pay attention to it.

They were all rich and powerful people. Even the tenth place had more than 10,000 gold coins. There was no comparison.

The fourth ranking—

It replaced the original Numinous Treasure ranking and replaced it with the Reputation Ranking.

On this list, Qin Sheng took first place once again. With 23,860 points, he looked down on the masses.

The person ranked second only had 4510 points.

"This… doesn't seem right!"

Qin Luo Sheng stared fixedly at the number on the Reputation Rankings, feeling very puzzled.

Why was second place this unknown player?

You have to know.

In the previous dungeon, from the first level to the ninth level, a total of ten Bosses died under the sword.

The sudden death of ten Bosses meant at least 10,000 Reputation Points. Even if it was based on Contribution Points, the Reputation Points that Yatu and the rest obtained were not that exaggerated. However, there were at least 5,000 to 6,000 Reputation Points. No matter what, this 4,000 plus Health Points guy shouldn't be able to occupy second place, right?

Could it be?

Qin Luo Sheng had a bad feeling.