Chapter 214: Golden Earrings: The Reaper'S Hug (2)

"Hu Hu…"

Yatu fell to the ground and panted heavily.

This battle had truly exhausted him.

Logically speaking, a mere strengthened battle pet should be easy to deal with.

However, the easy solution was built on the premise of a team.

What happened just now?

His teammates were all focused on eating my blade. He was all alone, carrying the monster alone. There was no support at all. There was no priest to heal him, no damage output to deal damage. If Shadow hadn’t pulled back in time to share some of the pressure with him, and he had enough potions in his backpack to crazily take potions, he might have been lying down by now.

"I didn't expect the Summoner Boss to be so strong."

Yatu sighed. "Brother Weeping Soul, it's a good thing that you were able to hold back the Boss and not give her the chance to summon more battle pets and strengthen her battle pets. Otherwise, none of us would be able to escape."

"No problem!"

Qin Luo Sheng said without any trace of politeness, "That's the limitation of Summoners. They rely too much on War Pets. Once the War Pets are unable to unleash their power, it's practically a waste. This should be the easiest Boss to deal with. It's not a threat at all. It's even inferior to Goumang of the first level."

Yatu:…

If you know how to talk, then talk more. If you don't, then shut your mouth.

"Ahem."

Yatu kept silent and made Qin Luo Sheng immediately realize that he had said something wrong. He coughed awkwardly and changed the topic. "I haven't searched the Boss' corpse yet. Who's coming?"

"I, I, I, I'll do it!" Upon hearing the word 'corpse search', Mu Mu, who was unusually persistent, immediately raised his hands and jumped up excitedly.

"Rejected!"

Fengxing: "+ 1!"

Dazzling Dance: "Same here!"

"Let him do it. He's a gold digger."

Apostle: "Agreed!"

…

"You, all of you!" Seeing that all his teammates voted against him, Mu Mu's eyes instantly turned red. He felt that he had been offended and his personality had been insulted. He looked at the only person who didn't say anything and called out with anticipation, "Sister Qing Si!"

Qing Yi:…

"Mu Mu, listen to me." Qing Si pulled Mu Mu and comforted her softly. "I'll give you an extra red packet when someone gets a good item later."

Mu Mu: "???”

Thank you.

I asked you to speak up for me, but you're telling me this?

Was this a red packet matter?

Who cared about a few lousy gold coins?

"Come, let's begin the award ceremony!"

Qin Sheng had no objections to whoever touched the corpse.

This sort of thing was actually a form of superstition.

Other games might have such a thing, but most of the monsters in Fate Dimension were dropped like fairies scattering flowers. There was no need to touch corpses.

The reason why they searched corpses was because the game's authenticity was too high. Sometimes, the corpses of monsters would suppress the equipment and items that dropped. In order to avoid this phenomenon, there would be the so-called "corpse searching". Yes, the physical type of "corpse searching".

“Sure, I’ll do it.”

Since his teammates had given him so much face, Qin Sheng naturally took it upon himself to pick up all the spoils of war. He did not look at them first and shared them all in the team channel.

"Wow, your luck is pretty good!"

The goods ignored him and focused on the five pieces of equipment. Seeing two of them shining with golden light, he nodded in satisfaction.

“Another two pieces of Gold equipment?” Fengxing exclaimed. “And one of them is an earring? Holy shit, big brother is awesome!”

"Hmph, what's there to be proud of?" Mu Mu was unconvinced. "I'll definitely be better than him."

Everyone: Haha.

"Huh?" The sharp-eyed Shadow spotted something that looked like an ancient book among the pile of loot. "There's another skill book?"

"Interesting. Two consecutive Bosses dropping Skill Books?" Qin Sheng was also a little surprised. He took a look at the fervor in everyone's eyes and said with a smile, "Then let's see this Skill Book first!"

[Unparalleled Shield Attack (Gold)] Requirement: Shield Warrior, 300 Constitution Points!

"The Gold Skill Book of a Shield Warrior!" Yatu instantly increased his C grade and shouted excitedly, "It's mine, it's my Skill Book!"

Qin Sheng:…

Boss, be more reserved.

The way you're behaving is really damaging to the disposition of a God-level nouveau riche.

It was just a mere Gold Skill Book. Did he have to jump around like a baboon?

Downgrading.

"Come, come, come, 30 gold coins per person!"

Everyone gave up on ROL, and Yatu successfully obtained the Skill Book. He immediately slapped away the Skill Book on the spot and made deals one by one with a glowing face, giving out a big red packet of 30 gold coins.

"Boss is so generous!"

Qin Luo Sheng accepted it with a smile before opening the five pieces of equipment one by one. The Silver rank ignored him and let his teammate ROLL focus on the two pieces of Gold equipment.

One of them was a scepter used by Priests. They gave up ROL and gave it to Black Hair to fight with the cute baby.

The other item was a pair of jade earrings full of spirituality.

[Death's embrace]

Type: Earrings

Grade: Gold

[Unidentified]

"Good stuff!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up. He had a strong urge to take it for himself.

Earrings, like rings and necklaces, were special accessories with low drop rates.

He had killed so many monsters and so many BOSSES, but he had only obtained two of them.

The first was for mages. He sold it to that little rich girl Mumu in the trial grounds and earned his first bucket of gold.

The second one, [Demon's Blood Sacrifice], was already taken away by the Epic Boss Elder Feng in the hidden mine of the Beginner's Village.

Right now, Qin Sheng's ears were all empty. He could not even find a replacement for the trashiest white earrings. How pitiful.

"It seems to be a universal earring. There are no restrictions on the class. Let's all rely on our own abilities!"

Qin Luo took the lead as he spoke.

Eh?

98 points?

What the heck?!

I actually have such luck?

Wasn't this stable?

"98? Boss, are you joking?"

“GG.”

"This luck, I, Zhao Ri Tian, am convinced."

"I admit defeat."

"I don't believe it. I'm going to roll 100 points today and kill him."

"…"

There was a wail.

In the end…

"Thank you, thank you!"

Qin Sheng was grinning from ear to ear as he looked at the [Death's Embrace] stuffed into his backpack by the system. At the same time, each person would receive 10 gold coins as dividends.

Instantly.

Without the 100 gold coins, Qin Sheng took a look at the money bag that had turned into 0 gold once again. The corner of his mouth could not help but twitch. The joy of obtaining the gold earrings also faded quite a bit.

"F*ck, I should play alone in the future. Otherwise, my heart won't be able to take it."

Qin Luo made up his mind. "I'm the only one causing trouble. Everything I drop belongs to me. I don't have to share it with others, I don't have to sell it. Even if I don't get it, I'll still have to give out a large sum of money. Isn't it nice to make a fortune silently?"

…