Chapter 216: Medal Of Honor

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to Star Glory City.

"I didn't expect such a good thing."

Qin Luo Sheng opened the mission panel and looked at the hidden mission that had been added. His expression was complicated. "However, the greater the reward, the greater the difficulty of the mission."

[Mission Title: The Mercenary King's Last Wish

[Mission Introduction] Help the Mercenary King fulfill his dying wish.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Level 30 (Incomplete)

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

"Mercenary King, what do you want me to do?"

Qin Luo was a little melancholic. He felt as if he had fallen into a pit, the kind of huge pit where he could not even climb up. A strange mission had to start at Level 30. One could imagine how difficult it was.

In the past, Qin Sheng might have stayed away.

It was a good thing to be confident and motivated, but to do it knowing that it was impossible was not bravery, but stupidity.

However!

He couldn't reject it!

The mercenary king was old and experienced. He knew very well that he could not fool Qin Sheng with his mouth, so he opened the door and revealed his trump card, giving Qin Sheng an irresistible treasure.

[Medal of Honor]

Category: Medal

Grade: None

Requirement: None

Temporarily bound: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 80, Luck + 3, Charm + 5

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Honor] Those who wear the Medal of Honor are all heroes of the dynasty. They have the identity of "heroes" and enjoy certain privileges. The system store will give a 70% discount to remove certain policy restrictions!

Additional Skill: [Soul of Glory] has been used up. After activating it, you can summon the Hero Soul Imprint recorded in the Mercenary King's medal to fight for you. Every time you summon a random expert, the battle time is up to 10 minutes! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: A Medal of Honor. Only heroes who have made great contributions to the Empire will be granted it. It is a symbol of heroism, a symbol of honor.

That's right, it was this thing that had forced Qin Luo into the trap of the Mercenary King.

Even though he knew that the King of Mercenaries was fishing, the [Medal of Honor] was simply too fragrant. Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to bite the bait.

"Level 20! I didn't expect that I would reach Level 20 in five days. I achieved my goal in one night."

Qin Luo Sheng put on the two pieces of gold and an Epic equipment that he had prepared long ago. Looking at the attributes that had skyrocketed, he was very satisfied. "Then, shall we bring forward the trip to Cliff Ridge?"

"Yes, there's no rush. I've had a long day today. I'll go offline to have breakfast first, then have a good rest. However, before that, I have to go somewhere."

Qin Sheng jogged back to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and nodded in satisfaction when he saw that the store was still as popular as before. He activated the store owner's authority and teleported to the second floor of the store. When he opened the sales volume, the numbers that were still increasing continuously dazzled his eyes.

Business: 3,188 gold and 64 silver!

Spending: 2,372 gold and 56 silver!

Acquisition: 12 Silver equipment, 384 Bronze equipment, 2364 Iron equipment, 55 Skill Books, 2 scrolls, 1 recipe!

Current balance: 845 gold and 23 silver!

Current Sales: 24

"We've struck gold!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was flushed with excitement.

He had earned more than three thousand gold coins in just one night. If word got out, people would probably think he was crazy.

But in reality, this was just a small matter in Qin Sheng's eyes.

The real bulk of it was the two thousand pieces of equipment he had purchased.

2364 Black Iron equipment. The Starlight Miracle sublimated to 2364 Bronze equipment.

384 Bronze equipment turned into 384 Silver equipment.

12 Silver equipment turned into 12 Gold equipment.

There were skill books, scrolls, and formulas.

It was insane.

These low-priced goods could be sold at a high price just because of the shop’s profit. Earning a difference in price was almost without risk. It could be said to be a business without capital, and the profits were very stable. Anyone would be envious.

However—

Qin Qin Sheng was even more ruthless.

How could he be satisfied with such a small price difference?

Others might only be able to do so, but who was he?

Was the super-god talent of SSS a decoration?

With the existence of the Starlight Miracle, it could increase the grade of items, items, and Skill Books by 1-2 grades. Such a BUG level ability only stopped at the difference price. How low was that?

"Now, Qin Sheng is basically the one calling the shots in Star Glory City's market."

Opening the warehouse, Qin Sheng's eyes shone as he looked at the pile of equipment inside.

How much wealth would he be able to bring by selling these items after they were upgraded?

Qin Qin Sheng could not calculate clearly.

However, Qin Sheng knew that at this rate, it would only take a few days before the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was comparable to the three gold shops in the east, south and north of Starlight City. It would undoubtedly be his.

"Miracle Starlight!"

"Miracle Starlight!"

"Miracle Starlight!"

After a bout of crazy convulsions, Qin Luo Sheng lay limp on the ground, breathing heavily. His eyes were lifeless and his face was pale, as if he had been hollowed out after some mysterious exercise.

She was really tired.

But when he saw the batch of equipment that had been upgraded, Qin Sheng still smiled in relief.

He personally sold 18 pieces of Gold equipment and 72 pieces of Advanced Silver equipment. The remaining pieces were all thrown to Old Liu for him to appraise before being sold.

"If the equipment can be purchased from players, then there's no need to buy whiteboard equipment from the system shop to make a loss. Not to mention that it won't earn much money, it won't be easy to sell it." Qin Sheng stroked his chin and pondered. "In the future, we'll focus on the potion business of the system shop. Every player can't avoid this thing, and it's very profitable. Ten times the profit is quite considerable."

After resting for a while.

Qin Luo Sheng had regained some of his strength and wanted to go offline to rest. However, under the urging of the gold coins, he resisted the urge to sleep and retrieved 500 gold coins from the store.

First, he appraised the equipment in his backpack and spent 87 gold coins. Then, he repaired the equipment all over his body and used 34 gold coins. Then, he bought potions for the shop with the remaining 400 gold coins.

"I can't take it anymore, I really can't take it anymore."

After he sublimated the potion, Qin Luo Sheng's stamina was completely drained. He collapsed on the ground and did not want to move at all. He had wanted to take a look at the equipment and skill book that he had just appraised, but his brain and eyelids did not allow it.

"Quit the game!"

…

A full sleep.

When Qin Luo woke up naturally, it was already evening.

"This nap was really long. I actually slept for nearly twelve hours. Looks like I'm really tired."

He got out of bed, washed up, and ordered takeout.

It was done in one go.

Half an hour later, the delivery arrived.

Qin Qin Sheng knocked on Nan Nan's door and dragged her out of bed to have a meal together.

He ignored her and returned to his room to sleep after dinner. Qin Luo went out on his own to eat.

Qin Sheng took a walk for an hour. It was 20pm at night, and he went home. He washed his body slightly and put on his gaming helmet, feeling refreshed.

"Enter the game!"

Qin Sheng returned to the game world and appeared in his room on the second floor.

"Ding! Players from all over the world, please take note. Players from all over the world, please take note. As the Numinous Treasure Ranking is not in the same ranking, it is replaced by the Reputation Ranking. The Numinous Treasure Ranking is independent and does not enter the Four Major Rankings! I hereby announce!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”