Chapter 211: Blood Ignition Potion Recipe

"I object!"

Mu Mu pursed her lips in dissatisfaction. "Why are you using everything? This is discrimination!"

"Then go scold the mainframe!"

Qin Luo shrugged his shoulders and retorted.

"Hmph, it's you. What stinky hand, you touched it all by yourself. You're too selfish!"

It was fine if Qin Luo Sheng did not speak, but once he did, new and old grudges welled up in his heart. Mu Mu immediately flew into a rage and said fiercely, "Bad! Bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

The corners of Qin Luo's mouth twitched as he looked at the furious Mu Mu, who had a fierce expression on his face. He opened his mouth, but he didn't know where to start. He could only sullenly choose to ignore it.

A good man does not fight with a woman.

There was really no other way.

What can you do when you meet such a cute girl?

Of course it was to forgive her!

"Looks like our luck is pretty good!"

Ignoring Mu Mu, Qin Sheng turned his head and looked at Yatu and me. He shrugged and said, “Again?”

I rubbed my palms together. “Come!”

Yatu nodded with a faint smile. "You go first!"

Roll!

Eat My Knife: 55 points!

Qin Luo Sheng: 89 points!

Yatu: 3 points!

Ding… You have received the skill book [Brutal Strike]! '

Eat my knife: F*ck you!

Qin Luo Sheng: (* ￣ ⊙)

Yatu: o (╯ ╰) o!

"Hahaha… Thank you for letting me win!" Qin Sheng was overjoyed after receiving the golden boots first and now he was delighted to receive the golden skill book. He traded 20 gold coins each for a red packet. "Just a small token, just a small token."

"Boss, quickly learn it and see how strong it is."

A group of people urged.

"No rush, I won't learn this skill for now."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and rejected, "I obtained a scroll when I fought the Boss previously. It's called the Skill Upgrade Scroll. It can upgrade the Skill Book. It wasn't easy for me to obtain a Gold Skill Book. I can't waste it."

"What the f*ck? There's such a thing?"

"Isn't a Gold level upgrade an Epic skill?"

"The big boss is the big boss. Who knows how many good goods there are in the warehouse."

"…"

Everyone was green with envy.

"It's no big deal. You guys will definitely have it in the future."

The corner of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched. He changed the topic and said, "Let's take a look at this scroll. With the current high yield rate, this thing might be the most valuable thing inside."

[Blood Burning Potion (Silver Formula)] Requirement: Medium Alchemy Skill.

It was actually a potion formula!

Qin Luo was shocked.

Indeed, this thing was the most valuable among the spoils of war.

What is rare is precious.

Blueprints and formulas had the lowest drop rate at the moment. Even items like rings and necklaces had a much lower drop rate.

Why were the proficiency levels of the subclass players increasing so slowly? Was it because they invested too little? It wasn't because they didn't have blueprints or formulas.

What was the use of just relying on the rubbish mass-produced formula bought from the system? After burning a large amount of material money, the proficiency increase was negligible.

A good recipe would not only bring huge benefits, but it could also accumulate proficiency as soon as possible, allowing the sub-occupation to level up faster.

If the formula was unique, he could even use it as a strategic resource, rope in allies, ostracize enemies, and so on.

"Brother Weeping Soul, this recipe."

Yatu was tempted.

"I took two good things. I won't fight for this recipe." Qin Sheng understood what Qin Luo meant. He tapped lightly with his finger and gave up on the ROLL point.

In this group, he was the only outsider. The other nine belonged to the same faction.

Although ROLL ordered this thing based on luck, even a 1v9 might not necessarily lose.

However, even if this formula landed in his hands, he could only sell it for money. He might as well give it a favor.

In any case, based on Yatu's actions as a God-level nouveau riche, he would definitely not take it for free. There would definitely be a considerable amount of compensation as a red packet.

In order to get the [Shadow Ghost Boots] and [Brutal Strike], not only did he give away all the dividends and coins dropped by the monsters along the way, but he also cleaned his old book. He couldn't even take out a single gold coin. Even if he obtained the recipe from Roll, he wouldn't be able to pay the dividends. Wouldn't that make him a laughing stock?

So, it was better to give up.

"Thank you!"

Yatu was not pretentious. He stuffed the formula into his bag. In a good mood, he rewarded them. Each person traded for 50 gold coins. He was rich and imposing, showing the true colors of a rich man.

"How generous!"

Qin Qin Sheng gave him a thumbs up.

He threw out millions of yuan without batting an eyelid. He was indeed rich and inhumane.

…

The sixth level!

"This place is a little scary!"

Yatu, who was leading the way, frowned as he stepped on the countless bones beneath his feet.

This place was like a burial ground. There were only bones on the ground, and not even dirt could be seen. The air even carried a rotten and fishy smell, making one feel nauseous.

Not to mention Mu Tangxue and the other girls, even Qin Luo and the other guys couldn't take it.

"It's getting weirder!"

Yatu sighed and said, "I'll scout ahead and try to walk faster so that I can leave this damn place earlier. If I stay here for too long, I'm afraid I'll have psychological problems."

Everyone nodded in agreement.

They quickened their pace.

Fortunately, although this place was desolate and silent, there were no monsters here. Other than being a little disgusting and creepy, there was nothing wrong with it.

Soon.

Under Yatu's lead, the team arrived at the border.

Since they were old acquaintances, they naturally knew what to do next.

As usual, the Shield Specialist Ya Tu stepped forward and stepped into the restricted area to lure the Boss out.

"Who are you? How dare you enter the Land of White Bones? Do you not want to die?"

A pleasant female voice suddenly rang out. Qin Sheng raised his head and saw that not far away, a white bone throne had appeared out of nowhere. A woman with a voluptuous figure and a pretty face was sitting on it, staring straight at them as she shouted, "Quickly retreat, I'll let you live."

Wow, this BOSS was actually a reasonable person?

Interesting.

"Brother Weihun, what should we do?"

Yatu asked quietly, "This Boss seems different. It's more intelligent than the previous Bosses. Or rather, it has consciousness."

"So what if I am? There's no need to care so much. Just attack directly and finish the job as soon as possible."

Qin Luo replied bluntly, "I haven't seen the King of Mercenaries until now. I really don't know how many floors there are in this damn place. Save time and end the battle quickly. I still want to go offline to eat breakfast after completing my mission."

"Alright, I'll listen to you." Yatu nodded in agreement. He raised his shield and strode forward. "Then, I'll go first. Follow me."

With that, he charged forward.

Qin Luo Sheng, eat my knife, apostle, followed closely behind.

Azuresilk, Mumu, Dazzling Fire Dance, Wind Walk and Baby's Dad were one step slower.

As for Shadow, he had already entered Stealth mode. No one knew where he was. The only thing they were sure of was that he was heading towards the Boss.