Chapter 212: Spiritual Master—Nainai

[Spiritualist—Nainai (Gold Boss)]

Level: 18

Health Points: 550000

Mana: 38,000

Physical Attack: 3100

Magic Attack: 3,500

Physical Defense: 2000

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 520

Skills:???

Introduction: Nainai, unknown origins. It's said that she was abandoned in the Barren Forest when she was born and raised by a female leopard. She observed the behavior of the female leopard from a young age and became a leopard girl. She relied on her astonishing talent to gradually become a "Beast King" in a large area. After the female leopard died, she was unrestrained and entered a certain cave guarded by the female leopard. She ate a spiritual fruit inside and mutated. She could freely switch between the human body and the leopard body. At the same time, she awakened a superpower that could connect with the spirit of beasts and used it to subdue many powerful beasts.

Later, the Mercenary King entered the Barren Forest to train. When they met, he promised to bring her into the human world and investigate her background. From then on, Nainai joined the mercenary king's team. When faced with the invasion of the orc kingdom, she summoned 100,000 wild beasts from the Barren Forest and destroyed three main armies of the orc kingdom. She prevented the eastern main city of mankind from falling and was known as a "Spiritual Master".

"Gold Boss?"

Qin Luo's breathing stopped when he saw the information of the Boss being shared in the team channel.

Although he was mentally prepared, he did not expect that not only was the Mercenary King a Gold Boss, there were other members in his team who also had such strength.

"This is a little difficult!"

Qin Luo felt a headache coming on. "This Nainai is actually a dual-cultivator. How troublesome."

Dual-cultivation of magic and martial arts, as the name implied, was a cultivation of both martial arts and demonic path. In other words, it could be used in close combat or long-range combat. It had almost no weaknesses and was extremely difficult to deal with.

However!

Everything had its pros and cons!

Dual cultivation in magic and martial arts was very powerful, but the requirements were too high.

After all, there were only a few attribute points that one could obtain. If one did not specialize in one attribute, and allocated the attribute points to strength and spirit, these two completely unrelated attributes would become neither good nor bad. It might seem omnipotent, but it was actually very mediocre.

Players would not be able to play with such things. If they insisted on it, it could be announced that this account was useless unless they used external modifications or obtained a corresponding hidden class.

But the BOSS was different!

Compared to the players, the Boss' innate advantage was too strong.

Under the same level, no matter what grade a BOSS was, its attributes would definitely surpass that of a player.

Perhaps a BOSS did not have the characteristics of a player. They could revive indefinitely and take drugs. However, as long as the BOSS wanted to, unless it was a pure extreme deficiency, it could basically cultivate both magic and martial arts.

Why?

It was just the support of super high attributes.

With powerful attributes, he was like a martial grandmaster who had perfected his Internal Strength. Every move and every move he made had immense power. His seemingly ordinary punches and kicks could easily defeat the dazzling moves of those so-called experts.

In the game terms, if you gave me 10,000 points of Strength and 10,000 points of Mind, I wouldn't have to change my profession. With a wooden sword, a wooden weapon, or a bare-handed punch, I could easily kill those fancy things with a simple A or Elemental Bullet.

Nainai definitely had not reached this level. However, compared to Qin Luo and the other weaklings, this level of dual-cultivation was already strong enough.

"Be careful of this guy's long-range attacks."

As he ran toward Nainai, Qin Sheng shouted in the team channel, "This Boss can fight in close combat and long-range combat. Our magic defense is weaker, so we'll fight her in close combat. Hold her back and fight her in close combat so that she can't release her magic."

Qin Qin Sheng's meaning was instantly understood by Ya Tu and the others.

Dual-cultivation of magic and martial arts was very powerful, but it also had an obvious weakness—the average strength.

In terms of strength and mental strength, it was no different from specializing in one of them. This was because one's strength was insufficient to insta-kill another.

What were players?

That was an unkillable cockroach!

If a BOSS could not be instakilled, it was basically destined that they would never be able to defeat the players.

This was especially so for Qin Sheng's team, which had two light priests. This meant that Nainai was destined to end up in a tragic state. One second, you had used up your health points, and the next second, you had been healed. How could you still fight?

"Summon!"

Nainai, who was sitting on the throne of bones, looked coldly at Qin Sheng and the others who had come to court their own deaths. She was expressionless as she waved the scepter in her hand.

The next moment, the magic array flickered. A giant white bone wolf and a white bone tiger suddenly appeared, protecting Nainai behind them and blocking Qin Sheng's path forward.

"Damn, I forgot that this fellow is a Summoner!"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded. It was only then that he recalled that the introduction had clearly stated that this cold woman with a voluptuous figure was a ruthless person who had once summoned a hundred thousand wild beasts and wiped out three main legions of the orc kingdom.

Even though he was now dead and his body had been corroded, turning into an undying monster with no willpower, and his strength had dropped drastically, he would not forget his old profession. If he could not summon 100,000 wild beasts, it was reasonable to summon two skeleton beasts, right?

[Skeleton Wolf (Enhanced 3-star Elite)]

Level: 18

Health Points: 200,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 2000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 500

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 400

Skills:???

Introduction: A summon formed by the Summoner's ability. It has no will only listen to the Summoner's orders.

F*ck!

It was actually an Enhanced 3-star Elite.

Although it was not as strong as the [Mercenary's Corpse] on the first few levels, it was not much weaker. It was almost at the level of an ordinary black iron Boss.

“Yatu and eat my blade. Each of you hold back a summoning battle pet.”

Qin Luo ignored the Skeleton Wolf and Skeleton Tiger. He handed them over to the two Shield Warriors and Berserkers with high HP and dashed towards Nainai. "Shadow will cooperate with me to kill the Boss, while you guys split yourselves into two teams. Just kill the monsters as usual."

To catch a thief, one had to capture the king. To beat a snake, one had to strike at its weak point.

Qin Qin's only target was Nainai.

If they didn't kill her, she would continue to summon monsters. In this place where bones were everywhere, there were materials everywhere. When the time came, they would be dragged to death.

"Berserk!"

"Boiling!"

"Defense strengthened!"

"Increase the attack!"

“Life Amplification!”

"…"

Ignoring Qin Luo, Nainai raised her scepter and frantically cast a state on the two summoned battle pets. In an instant, the originally ordinary-looking two skeleton beasts' attributes increased exponentially and became violent and ruthless. They only attacked without fear of death and did not defend. They fought until Yatu and I were forced to retreat.

Yatu was still alright. After all, he was a proper Shield Specialist. His job characteristics were like that and his attributes were there too. With a large shield, he could still barely withstand the sharp claws of the Skeleton Tiger.

However, he was a newbie, so he had no choice but to take a hit from me. Without the skills of a Guardian or an extremely high defense shield, he was almost bitten to death by the Skeleton Wolf. If not for the two Priests at the back giving him healing, he might not have lasted three seconds.