Chapter 224: Dragon Egg, Get It ￥

Knock, knock…

Knock, knock…

Knock, knock…

The soft rhythmic sound gradually grew louder as Qin Luo approached.

“What exactly is going on?”

Qin Luo Sheng was also astonished.

The closer he got to the egg-like thing, the higher the temperature of the blood in his body became. It was as if his entire body was burning, extremely strange.

“Get it, get it—”

She heard the mysterious voice again.

Qin Luo ignored him.

At this moment, he seemed to be possessed as his eyes flickered with a strange red light, filled with greed.

20 meters!

15 meters!

10 meters!

5 meters!

Closer and closer.

Crash…

Just as he was about to make contact with the mysterious ‘egg’, pieces of broken stone suddenly fell from the sky. A terrifying and mighty heavenly might suddenly appeared.

“Dragon? Dragon?”

In an instant, Qin Sheng regained consciousness. He raised his head and almost peed his pants.

The spiraling stone dragon, which he thought was just a carving, had its skin peeled off and actually revived. At this moment, it was staring at him with a pair of vertical dragon eyes.

"Despicable human, how dare you trespass into our tribe's forbidden land and covet the dragon egg? Die!"

An earth-shattering might erupted. Under the aura of the Resurrection Dragon, the entirety of Cliff Ridge shook violently, as though an earthquake or a landslide.

"Is this the legendary dragon's might?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked himself with difficulty.

Even with the ability of the Medal of Courage, he was unafraid of the influence of all auras. However, facing a dragon that was at the top of the biological chain, a mythical creature of fantasy, the fear imprinted in his genes had been completely stimulated, making him stiff and cold and unable to move.

"Move!"

"Move!"

"Move!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body was trembling in accordance with his instincts, but his consciousness was not in chaos. His will did not yield as he screamed madly in his heart, trying his best to urge himself to move.

Except.

It was completely useless.

"This is really terrible."

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to cry but had no tears. "Do you think it's easy for me to pick a sunflower and complete a mission? First, I encountered the Mountain Giant and managed to survive after much difficulty. Then, I encountered a real dragon in this damned place. Did I not check the lunar calendar when I went out today? Why am I encountering so many unlucky things?"

“Crap, the altar is about to collapse.”

Before Qin Sheng could finish his rant, the earth shook and the mountains shook. The initially ordinary ground began to crack. The coiled dragon body that had been trampled all the way up had its outer shell peeled off, revealing the dragon body that was filled with terrifying power.

“Is this dragon going to completely revive?”

Qin Luo's eyes were filled with fear.

A dragon head, a pair of dragon eyes, and a single dragon might was already enough to leave him in such a sorry state, without any strength to resist. If he was fully resurrected, what would happen?

"We don't have much time left. If we don't act now, it will really be gone."

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes almost popped out.

When a True Dragon awakened, he was already destined to be a dead man.

In this godforsaken place, space was sealed. The return scroll could not be used, nor could space jumps be used. There was no way out.

Escape. No escape.

Fight?

Haha!

Did they really think that the ceiling of the dragon race's combat power was blown out?

Just this aura alone was enough to make you unable to move, let alone fight?

Except.

Even if he was going to die, he couldn't just die in such a cowardly manner. If he wanted to kill Qin Luo, even if he was a true dragon, he had to pay the price.

“Get it, get it—”

That detestable mysterious voice appeared again at this moment. Qin Sheng, who had been brought into the pit twice by her, wanted nothing more than to find it and give it a good beating. However, at this moment, even if he wanted to, he was powerless.

“Okay, enough with the BB. I’ll get it even if you don’t tell me.”

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes shone as he looked at the egg that was so close to him. The greed in his eyes was extremely intense. "If I remember correctly, that dragon said that this egg was a dragon egg."

"Light of Courage!"

"Activate!"

"Choice enhancement—Heart of Courage!"

Ding… all your attributes + 100% for 1 minute! '

"Sirius!"

"Ice Skin!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Super Dimension!"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Shadow Banner!"

At the juncture of life and death, Qin Sheng had no intention of hiding anything.

Regardless of whether it was useful or not, he used all of his augmentation skills.

Unfortunately.

When he was facing the Mountain Giant earlier, he had used the most BUG of Starlight Blessing and could not use it again for a short period of time. Otherwise, he would not have used the Heart of Courage that could increase all attributes.

However…

That was enough.

Under the powerful enhancement, Qin Sheng finally broke free from the fear engraved in his genes and regained control of his body.

"Bold pest, stop!"

The True Dragon, which was still trying to break free from the thick rocks on its body, never imagined that the weak human, who should have been powerless to resist its dragon might, would actually be able to move. Not only that, but he even dared to extend his evil hand towards the dragon egg that he was guarding.

“Are you going to stop just because you say so? That’s ridiculous.”

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold laugh. He did not care about anything else. Not only did he reach out his hand, his entire body pounced over. "In any case, I'm going to die either way. Facing an enemy like you who's about to kill me, why would I listen to you? I'm not righteous if you don't want my life. Sure, I want to collect some interest as well. Destroying this dragon egg is equivalent to paying with my life."

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

"Roar!"

The True Dragon let out a frenzied roar that shook the heavens and earth.

Yet.

This was just impotence.

Just like how the True Dragon had unleashed its dragon might on Qin Sheng just now, causing him to be unable to move even if his mind was clear and the fear imprinted in his genes was awakened.

At this moment.

Qin Luo returned the favor. Taking advantage of the fact that the true dragon's body was suppressed by the rock and could not move for a short period of time, he attacked the dragon egg.

Buzz…

Under the situation where the dragon's might could no longer intimidate him, Qin Sheng successfully touched the dragon egg. As soon as he touched it, the sun and moon imprints on his left and right hands simultaneously released dazzling radiance and energy.

Knock, knock, knock, knock…

Knock, knock, knock, knock…

Knock, knock, knock, knock…

An indescribable special pulse arose, connecting Qin Sheng to the dragon egg he was holding with both hands as if they were telepathic.

"Ding… due to unknown reasons…???? I'll sign a bloodline contract with you and become your pet!"

The sudden appearance of the system's icy notification confused Qin Sheng.

"Ding… Due to your subjugation??? As a pet, activate the pet system. Announcements will be made all over the world. Do you want to reveal your ID?"

"What are you talking about?"

Qin Luo was enraged.

Was this the time to talk about this?

I'm already on the brink of death. I might die in the next second. Why are you still caring about the pet system?

"Choosing to exceed the time limit, the system has tacitly revealed its ID!"

"Ding, players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note that the Chinese warzone player 'Weeping Soul' has been successfully subdued?????? Activate the Pet System, Pet Ranking. Reward: Permanent Pet column + 2, Summoning Pet Battle + 1, Pet related Skill Book, Reputation 3,000!"

Ding…

Ding…