Chapter 228: The Terrifying Full Master

"We'll deal with whatever comes our way."

Qin Sheng temporarily put aside the matter of the Dragon Abyss hunting him down.

If the sky fell, there would be a tall man to hold it up. It was not his turn to act cool.

"Let's go and hand over the Sunflower first. We'll do what we have to before Long Yuan comes after us."

…

Mercenary Guild.

Ding… You have completed the bounty mission [Harvesting the Sun Blossom]. Reward: + 500 mercenary points.??? 10 years of low-priced employment rights, 1 gold coin! "

"Ding…??? I am already at the entrance of your mansion. Please meet him as soon as possible!"

This reward.

How stingy!

"Forget it, mercenary points and gold coins are just supplementary. The real reward is a versatile talent whose name is unknown. I want to see how powerful the original 1,000 gold coins monthly employment fee is."

…

At the center of Star Brilliance City.

On the west side of the City Lord Residence.

Qin Luo rushed all the way here. In this spacious and unoccupied place, he saw a graceful figure standing at the entrance of his mansion.

"I am Mengmeng. Thank you, Duke En."

Upon seeing Qin Luo's arrival, the girl, who was dressed plainly but had a delicate and pretty appearance, excitedly bowed and said gratefully, "Thank you for your hard work, benefactor, for going to the Precipice Ridge to pick the Sun Blossom and saving my little brother's life."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What kind of divine development was this?

Could there be a follow-up mission?

Probing.

Character: Chen Mengmeng

Level: LV23

Occupation: Light Priest, Master Gardener, Master Chef, Senior Alchemist, Senior Tailor, Senior Butler, Senior Zither Master, Senior Painter, Senior Calligrapher, Senior Chess Player, Senior Brewer, Senior Tea Artist, Senior Cultivator, Intermediate…

Power: None

Subject: Weeping Soul (Hiring relationship, 10 years)

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Boss, is that you?

Are you serious about your profession?

Please take my knee.

My younger brother kneeled down. ￥￥￥♬

What kind of monster was this?

Even if he started learning in his mother's womb, it shouldn't be so exaggerated, right?

For the first time, Qin Sheng felt that 1,000 gold coins was not expensive at all. Instead, it was cheaper.

In reality, it would be a joke to wake up from a dream to hire a mere six or seven hundred millionaire like Cruel Malevolence. Those rich big shots would probably fight over him no matter what.

This was too terrifying.

He was definitely a super fierce person, a super Omnipotent King.

In the secondary Dao, I, Qin Luo, am willing to call you, Chen Mengmeng, the strongest.

"Thank you for saving me. I'm willing to serve you. Please don't mind." Chen Mengmeng bowed again.

"No, not at all."

Although he was complaining madly in his heart, Qin Luo Sheng, who had rich theoretical knowledge and practical experience, was speaking sweetly to a goddess-like girl in front of him on the surface. His face turned red on the spot and he responded stiffly with an awkward expression.

"Benefactor, is this your mansion? Do you want to go home now? Mengmeng wants to check it thoroughly before reporting to you."

Mengmeng couldn’t help but smile when she saw Qin Luo’s appearance, and her heart was temporarily at ease.

Initially, he was still a little afraid of meeting a disgusting old man and an employer that was hard to get along with. He did not expect that his benefactor was actually a graceful young man and was very innocent. It was really great.

“Just call me by my name. I am truly unworthy of being your benefactor.”

Qin Luo Sheng's fingers touched his cheek as he spoke with embarrassment.

"Then Mengmeng shall call you Young Master."

Mengmeng said delicately, "Young Master is from a wealthy family. You must have dignity. You are kind and considerate towards your servants. However, as a servant, you can't be arrogant because of your favor. This gift cannot be wasted."

"Alright, do as you see fit." Qin Sheng nodded. He did not insist on this. When it came to management and other aspects, others were the experts. As a newbie, there was no need to speak carelessly.

"Young Master, this mansion of yours should have belonged to the City Lord, right?" Mengmeng pointed at the blank plaque on the door of the mansion and said, "It's a new house with a house and a face. Young Master, please give it a name."

Bestow a name?

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin, looking troubled.

He was famous for having trouble naming names. When he encountered such a situation, his head immediately started hurting.

How about a simpler name, Qin Manor?

‘ No.’

This was not good.

In the future, there would definitely be many rich people who wanted to buy a house and stay in this area. At that time, they would meet frequently and he would not be able to hide for long. He would definitely be exposed.

No matter what, his identity in the real world could not be known by others. If he named it Qin Manor, there might be someone who followed the clues and found Qin Luo Sheng. Although the probability was very small, he had to be on guard.

"Luoshen Residence, let's call it the Luoshen Residence."

Qin Luo Sheng came up with a name. Regardless of whether it was suitable or not, he immediately activated his master's authority and confirmed the name. Instantly, three majestic words appeared on the blank board—Luo Shen Residence.

Luo, take Qin Luo's Luo.

As for Luoshen, she was famous in China. During the Three Kingdoms period, Cao Zijian wrote "Ode to Luoshen". It shocked China and was passed down for generations. With all the talents in the world, Cao Zijian monopolized the beautiful name of "Ba Dou".

Luoshen Residence.

Not only was he related to Qin Sheng, he was also using Luoshen's name. Even if others saw him, they would definitely only think that he was related to the legendary Luoshen and would not think of anything else.

"Come in. Mengmeng, I'll leave this place to you."

Qin Luo Sheng pushed open the door of the mansion and set a restriction on Mengmeng's management rights over the system, second only to him.

"Thank you for your trust, Young Master. Mengmeng will not disappoint you."

With the clearance given, Mengmeng's eyes sparkled and she smiled brightly. "Then Young Master should rest first. Mengmeng will go and familiarize herself with it."

“Okay.”

…

"Who is that mysterious voice? Why does it sound so familiar? But I can't seem to recall where I've heard it before."

Mengmeng went to perform her duties and Qin Sheng returned to his room with nothing to do.

She collapsed onto the bed and relaxed.

Qin Luo Sheng took out the dragon egg and looked at it that was filled with boundless vitality. It was about to hatch in three days. He could not help but recall the mysterious voice that guided him, first provoking the Mountain Giant and then helping him snatch the dragon egg.

"I don't care anymore, I don't care anymore. I'm about to be hunted down by the Dragon Abyss. I don't even know if I'll be able to make it out alive. Who would have the mood to care about this thing that has no clue at all?"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his stats window and looked at the pet space window that appeared after his mount. He nodded in satisfaction.

The reward for activating the Pet System was generous.

Initially, every player only had one pet space bar, but now that he had two more, he could summon more pets to fight + 1.

In other words, not only would he be able to subdue three pets at the same time, but he would also be able to summon two pets at the same time to fight for him.

This reward was even more precious than an Epic Skill Book.

Huh.

Speaking of skill books, he seemed to have rewarded one back then, right?

[Pet Evolution (Gold)] Requirement: None.