Chapter 220: On Cliff Ridge

[Blood Wolf]

Level: 25

Health: 185,000

Mana: 8000

Physical Attack: 2250

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 550

Magic Defense: 250

Speed: 320

Skills: [Blood Wolf Howl] [Berserk Bite]

Introduction: A variant of the Werewolves. It is said to be a hybrid wolf that was born from crossbreeding with a certain wild beast. Compared to ordinary Werewolves, the Werewolves will endure silently. The blood in their bodies will boil with the amount of exercise they exercise. From there, they will continuously increase their strength and become even more brutal.

"F*ck your grandpa!"

The information sent back by the detection technique made Qin Sheng want to curse.

Originally, he was walking quite well. He didn’t think that because he was avoiding a group of lions, he would walk into a wolf’s den. In order to avoid attracting the attention of the monsters in Precipice Mountain Range, he chose to hide instead of starting a slaughter.

Unexpectedly, in this treacherous precipice, the monsters actually did not have domains and were all moving freely. No matter how he ran, he was chased endlessly by the group of wolves behind him, as if they could never eliminate their hatred.

This…

Despite being chased by a pack of wolves for who knew how long, they still didn’t give up. Instead, as they ran for a long time, their blood began to boil and their stats constantly increased.

"F*ck, so be it. Let's kill these bastards first."

Qin Luo Sheng was enraged by the pursuit. He came to an abrupt halt and abruptly turned around to face the blood wolf pack. He held two Epic-ranked single-handed swords tightly in his hands, his face filled with ruthlessness.

“If you don’t want to make a move, then you bunch of wolf pups are still going too far, right? Since it’s like this, then I’ll send you all off and see if you still want to chase after me.”

Roar!

Roar!

Roar!

At this moment, the blood wolves, who had bloodshot eyes and looked as if they would not rest until they were dead, let out cries of terror for some reason. Their tails were lowered and their heads were slightly lowered. Even though Qin Sheng was only ten meters ahead of them and only needed one or two seconds to deliver a passionate wolf kiss, they lingered and did not dare to go forward.

"What's going on?"

Naturally, Qin Luo Sheng would not be so stupid as to believe that it was his ferocious appearance that had frightened these rabid wolf cubs. Thus, there was only one explanation.

Animals were very territorial, especially large creatures and top predators.

As long as other predators dared to step into their territory, it was equivalent to provoking them. They had to fight it out.

The winner would become the owner of the territory.

The loser would either die or leave their territory like a stray dog.

It was just that cruel.

It was the law of the jungle.

Survival of the fittest, the strong were supreme.

“Could it be that I’ve stepped into the territory of something that even the blood wolves that have lost their minds do not dare to provoke?”

Qin Luo's eyes widened in shock.

If that was the case, it would be terrible.

This was "Fate Dimension", not the real world. It was not only the lions and tigers that intimidated the wolves. There were even more terrifying unknown existences.

"I don't care!"

He cast a cold glance at the blood wolves who still did not dare to move forward. Since they did not move, Qin Sheng would not seek trouble either. He gritted his teeth and turned around, walking deeper into the cave.

"Road B is really difficult to walk on. I just hope that we don't encounter too many strange and bizarre existences. Otherwise, it would really be quite difficult."

Qin Luo complained as he walked.

Why was it that he had been chased for such a long time and only cared about running away instead of killing the blood wolves? That was because he had not been forced into a desperate situation.

Why did it stop at that place?

That was because there was no longer any way to run, or running down would only lead to death. He had no choice but to make up his mind and nip the danger in the bud.

The place that the blood wolves did not dare to step into happened to be the starting point of the extremely steep slope. The road changed from the originally slanted 70 to 80 degrees to 90 degrees.

It was precisely because the following path basically depended on half crawling or even climbing that Qin Sheng made up his mind.

How could a human be compared to a wild beast?

Once he adopted that stance, he would definitely be caught up by the blood wolves. At that time, he would fall into an extremely passive state, and his chances of victory would be slim. That was why Qin Luo Sheng had decided to slaughter the wolves first and settle his worries before climbing the precipice.

"What kind of f*cking mission is this? This is killing me."

Qin Sheng walked down the steep path with great difficulty and arrived at the bottom of the ridge of Precipice Mountain Range. He raised his head and looked at the sunflower that was swaying with the wind in the cracks of the rocks above. His heart began to beat violently.

"This is it!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed. He put away his two single-handed swords and began to climb with great difficulty.

Half an hour later.

Qin Qin Sheng easily picked the sunflower and hung it on the cliff, smiling like a 200kg child.

"Should we continue? Or… should we just go back?"

Qin Sheng was very moved when he saw the sunflower not far away moving against the wind. He was somewhat hesitant.

Logic told him that he should not be so greedy. He should know when to stop. Otherwise, if he encountered any trouble, it would be terrible. After all, this was the territory of a certain existence that even the Blood Wolf did not dare to step foot in. However, greed urged Qin Sheng to lock his gaze tightly onto the sunflower.

"Since we're already here, how can we not get some benefits after spending so much time?"

In the end, Greed gained the upper hand. Qin Luo stuffed the sunflower in his hand into his backpack and continued climbing.

Thirteen minutes later!

He got the second sunflower.

Seven minutes later.

He got the third sunflower.

…

When the sunflower in his backpack had reached the two digits, Qin Sheng realized in astonishment that he seemed to have climbed to the top of the steep cliff. He was less than 100 meters away from the top.

"Are we going up?"

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly hesitant, but he quickly composed himself. "Since we're already here, it wouldn't make sense if we don't take a look."

Ten minutes later.

It was said that birds could not fly past and monkeys could not climb the peak of the steep cliff. It had human footprints.

"Phew… I'm so tired."

After wandering around the cliff for nearly two hours, Qin Luo had almost exhausted all of his stamina. He barely had time to take a look at the suffocating scene before lying flat on the ground, panting heavily.

After lying down for more than ten minutes, Qin Sheng finally felt a little better. He ate two meat buns and drank two pots of clear water in big mouthfuls. Only then did he seem to be revived and his body was filled with energy once again.

He got up.

Looking around, he was greatly disappointed.

At the top of Precipice Ridge was an irregular platform. There was nothing on it, only vegetation and flowers. It looked lush and full of life, but in truth, it was nothing special. All around this Precipice Ridge was this sort of scenery; there was nothing strange about it.

Still.

The beauty of the peak was not worth mentioning, but standing at the top and looking down, one's heart was stirred up and heroic spirit was instantly born. There was a majestic feeling of "seeing the world as small as possible".

The sun was hidden in the sea of clouds from time to time. If one looked at it from a distance, they would see a thin mist shrouding the muslin, and layers of clouds overlapping each other. When one lowered their head, their eyes would be filled with rippling green waves. There were also birds dancing lightly, spiritual apes swaying, and flowers embellishing it like brocade. It was truly beautiful beyond words, as if it was a paradise on earth.