Chapter 229: Attack From The Dragon Abyss (1)

[Pet Evolution (Gold)] Requirement: None.

Gold Skill Book?

Not bad.

There was no need to say more.

It was a miracle.

[Pet Evolution (Epic)] can increase the grade of a combat pet by 1-2 (Epic). Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 1 hour!

"F*ck, awesome!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes nearly popped out.

This skill was really strong.

When a BOSS exploded, they would either go berserk or strengthen themselves to increase their stats by a fixed amount or a percentage. That was already very fierce.

This skill was good. The increase was so great that it was actually a grade increase. Furthermore, it was a grade increase of 1-2. If Dog Shit Luck was triggered, a Bronze Rank pet could instantly become a Gold Rank pet. Its combat power would not only double, but also multiply exponentially, directly soaring to the sky!

Unfortunately.

The highest limit was Epic. Otherwise, this skill could really be called a divine skill.

Even so.

This effect was not bad.

At least, Qin Sheng was quite satisfied.

He had a powerful skill. Now, all he needed was a pet to compare with it.

Perhaps the pet of the dragon egg was of a rather high grade and could not be used for this skill. However, Qin Luo Sheng had three pets. The remaining two would not be so lucky as to encounter a high grade pet. This skill would definitely not be buried.

Apart from the rewards for activating the pet system, there were also special effects after signing a bloodline contract with the dragon egg. It was as if it had fused with the blood of a true dragon and underwent some changes, awakening something.

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly turned on the system log and flipped forward.

Indeed.

He quickly found the line:

"Ding… Due to your pet???? Due to bloodline coexistence, you have awakened an unknown power. You have obtained bloodline accompanying skill: Dragon's Might, Dragon's Blood Ignites Death, True Dragon Transformation (Pseudo)!"

Awakening?

Bloodline Companion?

It sounded awesome!

The Dragon Baby had not hatched yet, but it had already given him three skills. As expected of the Dragon race's secret treasure. After the item that the Dragon race's elder was guarding was stolen by an ant like him, even an expert like Long Yuan had a mental breakdown and flew into a rage.

He opened the skill column—

[Dragon's Might] has no consumption. You can only awaken if you have the blood of a True Dragon in your body. Passive effect: Monsters below level 30 will not take the initiative to attack you. Active effect: The power of a True Dragon is earth-shattering. It is regarded as the enemy's target by you. All attributes will be forcibly reduced by 10%. The same target can only take effect once. Note: After using this skill, the target's aggro will be firmly locked onto you.

Qin Luo: "F * * * me?"

What did I just see?

Forced to weaken all attributes by 10%?

Such a bug-level skill actually existed?

Scared.

This was not a serious injury from [Berserk Strike]. It could only reduce attributes such as Strength, Constitution, Speed, and so on. Instead, it reduced all attributes, including Health Points and Mana Points.

"Invincible, truly invincible. This skill can be used as a trump card."

Everyone knew that.

The BOSS was stronger than normal monsters. The only difference was that the BOSS's attributes were more abnormal. The biggest difference was that it had an explosive ability that normal monsters did not have.

Skills burst forth, threatening players instantly.

When their HP dropped to 50%, 20%, 10%, and so on, all sorts of different types of attacks would erupt. It was a huge threat to the players.

Qin Luo Sheng should have killed the most bosses and had long been devastated.

But it was different now.

With the dragon's might, it would be very rare to see a situation where one would have a narrow escape in the future.

The Dragon's Aura skill could be used right from the start to weaken the enemy's attributes. This would make the subsequent battles easier.

But it has another purpose.

That was to activate it when the enemy's health points reached 90%. In this way, it would instantly take away 10% of the enemy's health points, and it would achieve the effect of an instant kill, causing the Boss to be unable to use its final burst and die miserably.

[Dragon Blood Burning Death] did not consume anything. It burned the True Dragon's blood in its body and awakened the Dragon's Might. Effect: All attributes + 99%, Attack + 99%, Defense + 99%, Speed + 99%, Attack Speed + 99%. Additional effects of madness, pain reduction. At the same time, Attack has a plundering effect. It can absorb the target's life force to replenish one's physical strength. Duration: 10 minutes, Cooldown: Three days. After using the skill, one will fall into a weakened state.

Explosion skill.

A super explosive skill.

This Dragon Blood Burning Death was an upgraded version of the recently acquired Violent Blood Art.

The amplification effect was too terrifying.

The string of 99% was swaying so fast that Qin Sheng was dazzled.

The most terrifying were still the effects of Madness and Plunder. With them, it was simply an undefeated victory.

Not afraid of pain.

His stamina would never run out.

It was such a bug.

Fortunately, there was a time limit and a long cooldown time. In addition to the powerful side effects, it was slightly counterbalanced. Otherwise, Qin Sheng could have used such a godly technique at any time. Explosive damage output and CARY easily. Whether it was PK or fighting the Boss, it was a piece of cake!

[True Dragon Transformation (Pseudo)]???? With the blood of a True Dragon in your body, you can awaken it. It can only be triggered by certain conditions. Duration:???? Cooldown:???

Qin Luo was also confused.

Forget it.

Since the system did not want to introduce him, he would wait until they were fated.

He was already very satisfied with obtaining [Dragon Might] and [Dragon Blood Ignition]. He could not be too greedy.

Dong dong!

Qin Luo had just closed his skill bar when he heard a knock on the door.

"Please come in!"

The door to the room was pushed open gently. Mengmeng, who had sweat on her forehead, walked in. When she saw Qin Luo Sheng lying lazily on the bed, she blushed.

"Young Master, Mengmeng has just observed that the Luoshen Residence is 538 square meters and is divided into five regions. They are…"

Even though it was a little awkward in the boys' room, Mengmeng still got into her work mode. She got into her role and started to report her findings.

"Stop, stop, stop. Mengmeng, you don't have to report this. I don't understand. It's best to leave it to an expert like you."

Qin Qin Sheng covered his forehead, looking as if his head was hurting.

"Yes, Young Master."

Mengmeng chuckled. She skipped all the complicated things and went straight to the point. "If Young Master wants to maintain the current state of the Luo Shen Residence, you will need to spend at least six gold coins a month. This is the limit of Mengmeng's ability."

"Six gold coins?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned slightly. Didn't the system say it would cost at least 10 gold coins?

Mengmeng, this super genius, was able to save almost half of the cost immediately?

Wasn't this ability too powerful?