Chapter 222: Down The Cliff Ridge

“You were actually able to dodge my fist? You have some ability!”

No one would know that an ant was killed because it was too small and weak. However, the Mountain Giant knew that.

His fist had not touched Qin Luo Sheng's body. The Mountain Giant might not have sensed it, but the Mountain Giant's keen senses could clearly sense that Qin Luo Sheng's vitality was still there.

"I see. Is he hiding in my shadow? What an incredible ability."

After scanning the area with its consciousness, the Mountain Giant focused its gaze on its own shadow and said coldly, "No wonder you dared to climb the precipice and covet my divine fruit. Is it because of your shadow bloodline or ability that gave you confidence? Unfortunately, you're too weak."

Qin Luo was silent.

What could he say?

There was no way to refute that.

Weakness is sin.

When you are inferior to others, any excuse is useless.

“Die! Remember, in your next life, don’t ever think of anything beyond your abilities. That’s courting death.”

The duration of the effects of Shadow Concealment was limited. Qin Sheng, who had been locked onto by the consciousness of the Mountain Giant, could not escape at all. The moment his shadow appeared, a flying leg filled with explosive power had already kicked over.

“I can’t die here.”

Qin Sheng knew very well that once he was kicked, he would definitely die without a burial site, not even an intact corpse.

Yet.

How could an existence like the Mountain Giant make a mistake?

This kick was unavoidable.

Such speed did not match the Mountain Giant's size at all. It did not match the Mountain Giant's terrifying weight.

"Prejudiced attack?"

Qin Luo was scared out of his wits and nearly peed his pants.

Am I too outdated or is the mainframe playing too high-end?

What the f*ck was this BOSS doing?

“That’s horrible. I didn’t lose unjustly.”

If Qin Sheng still had a bit of fighting spirit earlier, he would have basically given up resisting by now.

The players' intelligence advantage was useless against the Mountain Giant.

The advantage of a player's mechanism was extremely powerful for a punch and a kick. It was enough to result in an instant kill. It was useless to Mountain Giants like drugs and guerrilla warfare.

He had the advantage in numbers, but unfortunately, Qin Sheng was the only one left. He had no teammates and no reinforcements, so he had no advantage.

Besides.

Taking a step back, against a BOSS like the Mountain Giant, even if the top 10,000 players were to be pulled over, they would only be sending themselves to death.

"Looks like I underestimated the mainframe and the so-called AI."

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "If even the mountain giant that should have been cumbersome is so formidable, then how terrifying would the human experts who are revered for their wisdom be?"

“This world is truly fascinating.”

“But.”

“Just because I’ve failed doesn’t mean that I’ll admit defeat.”

“If you want to kill me, it will depend on whether or not you have the ability.”

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze froze. In the face of the terrifying kick that was already within reach, his body shimmered with starlight.

"Starlight Blessing, activate."

"Ding… Please choose the target of Starlight Blessing!"

[Choice Objective: Spiritual Light Cloak with the ability [Spiritual Light]. Effect 1!]

"Choose successful. [Starlight] effect: 1. Perfection and sublimation to the maximum. Damage reduction: 100% for 10 seconds!"

NICE!

Upon hearing the system's prompt, Qin Luo could not help but snap his fingers.

It worked.

It actually worked.

Originally, the first effect of [Spiritual Light] was: Consume 1 Spiritual Light point and reduce 30% damage for 10 seconds.

After the upgrade of the Blessing of Starlight, it instantly reached perfection, and the damage was reduced by 100%!

What did this mean?

Which meant—

Undying!

Undying!

Invincible!

Bang…

The Mountain Giant's violent kick finally "smashed" Qin Sheng without any surprise.

In an instant.

A terrifying force spread through his entire body. Qin Sheng's face instantly contorted as if he had been hit by a speeding train.

"Ah…"

A blood-curdling scream came out of Qin Sheng's mouth. It was extremely mournful, making one's hair stand on end.

Although the damage was reduced by 100%, which was enough to instantly kill Qin Sheng, the damage was reduced to 0 under the rules. However, the indescribable extreme pain did not fade away like the damage.

Bang…

Like a cannonball, Qin Sheng was sent flying by the Mountain Giant and smashed into the ground. He flew diagonally from the peak of the steep cliff and penetrated dozens of meters before breaking through the cliff and freeing himself.

"Pfft…"

A huge mouthful of blood spurted from his mouth.

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if all the bones in his body were shattered, his blood vessels ruptured, and his internal organs were minced into minced meat…

The only reason he was still alive was because of the Starlight Blessing's ability to sustain his life. As long as the effect was there, this super serious injury that could kill someone several times would definitely take his life immediately.

"Sigh, he's really asking for trouble."

Qin Luo Sheng could not move at all as he fell towards the bottomless abyss of the precipice. "If I had known that the Mountain Giant was such a freak, I would have just died like this. I wouldn't have to live like I am now, enduring this indescribable pain for as long as 10 seconds. It's torture. The most disgusting thing is that I've already suffered, but in the end, I still have to die."

Dong…

It was unknown how deep the cliff was. Even if one jumped off the cliff, it was impossible to fall to the ground in just ten seconds.

However…

With the help of the Mountain Giant, Qin Luo's violent kick turned his free fall into a rapid descent. Before the 10 seconds of the spiritual light effect ended, Qin Luo's back had already touched the ground.

"Ding… You are dead!"

Ding… your equipment [Life Suppliant] has taken effect. Skill [Life Goddess's Blessing] has been activated. You have been revived! '

Qin Sheng, who had just died, came back to life in less than a second.

"We're saved."

Qin Sheng's eyes brimmed with tears of gratitude as he felt his body, which had been crippled for ten levels and which even immortal pills could not save, return to normal. He glanced at the lifeless [Life Praying] and was filled with gratitude.

"Let's go back. I don't want to stay here any longer."

Sweeping his gaze around, he saw that the bottom of the pitch-black cliff was incomparably silent. There was no sound at all. The strange scene made Qin Luo Sheng shiver involuntarily. He hurriedly took out a return scroll and tore it apart.

"This is really a nightmare. Let's stop playing today and go offline to rest."

The Mountain Giant's punches and kicks completely defeated Qin Sheng's pride and confidence.

So.

Self-righteousness and power were just like monkeys calling themselves kings when there were no tigers in the mountains. In front of true experts, they were so vulnerable.

"Ding… due to unknown reasons, I am unable to use the return scroll!"