Chapter 225: Escape

Three system prompts sounded throughout the world.

Yet.

As the rightful owner, Qin Luo had no time to care.

"Human, I will definitely burn your bones and scatter your ashes. I will extract your soul and burn it with hellfire for ten thousand years. Ang…"

The True Dragon shook its body violently, quickly breaking free from the rocks on its body. Under the influence of his terrifying power, before its body was released, the entire stone platform collapsed first.

"Fuck!"

Qin Sheng, who was standing on the altar on the stone platform to begin with, had no place to stand after being attacked. As pieces of rocks, big and small, fell towards the ground, he began his free-fall movement.

"Ding… Due to your pet???? Due to bloodline coexistence, you have awakened an unknown power. You have obtained bloodline accompanying skill: Dragon's Might, Dragon's Blood Ignites Death, True Dragon Transformation (Pseudo)!"

Ding… Pet System is open. System will be updated for 10 hours. Please exit the game within 5 minutes.

Qin Sheng:…

"Spiritual Light Cloak, effect: 5, activate!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Under the effect of the Spiritual Light Cloak, his cumbersome body was as nimble and agile as a bird. He flew through the air, weaving through the rubble to avoid the falling stones.

There was a long pause.

The stone fell to the ground.

At this moment, the True Dragon completely broke free from its restraints and flew into the sky.

His massive dragon body rose up into the sky. The True Dragon, which was happy to be free, let out a series of dragon roars, causing the entire base of Precipice Ridge to tremble under his might.

“Human, hand over the dragon egg and I will make an exception and spare your life.”

The wind follows the tiger, the clouds follow the dragon.

The moment the true dragon appeared, layers of black clouds appeared out of nowhere at the bottom of Precipice Mountain Range. The true dragon hid in the clouds, its body swimming and its scales shining.

"No… but… yes!"

Even Qin Sheng, who was at his peak condition, could not withstand the full power of the True Dragon's might. The dragon head that emerged from the clouds in particular gave him an indescribable pressure as if a god was looking down at an ant.

"How dare you!"

Not expecting to be rejected at all, the True Dragon roared angrily. In an instant, thunder rumbled and the wind blew, as if the entire world was furious. "Since you insist on courting death, I'll fulfill your wish."

"Don't act rashly. Otherwise, the dragon egg in my hand won't be able to withstand any torture." Qin Luo immediately raised the dragon egg high and said fiercely, "At most, everyone will fight to the death and exchange my life for the dragon egg."

“Hmph. What a pitiful ant that’s indulging in fantasy.”

Initially, he had thought that the true dragon would be wary of shooting the rat for fear of breaking the vases. Who knew that this fellow was completely unpredictable. He opened his mouth and a ball of terrifying dragon breath that was enough to burn Qin Sheng to death countless times sprayed down from the sky, completely disregarding the safety of the dragon egg.

"You think you can harm the dragon egg with just this little trick of yours? She is… such a great existence. Even my dragon breath is useless against her, what use is an ant like you!"

Qin Sheng:…

"It's over, it's over. I didn't expect the dragon egg to be unable to scare this fellow."

As the dragon breath approached, Qin Sheng was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan. "I was really careless. So the dragon egg is so fierce? Even the dragon breath of a true dragon can't do anything to it. It's laughable that I wanted to use it to threaten it. Indeed, my knowledge is too shallow and naive to the point of being incurable."

"Quickly use your space ability."

Completely helpless and completely powerless, Qin Sheng could do nothing under the all-round attack of the True Dragon that was comparable to a Map Cannon. He could only hug the dragon egg tightly and welcome death. Just as he was praying that it would not explode too badly, especially when he had just obtained the dragon egg, that mysterious voice sounded once again in his ears.

"Spatial ability?" Qin Luo was stunned. He subconsciously replied, "This place has already been sealed. Spatial abilities cannot take effect."

“Idiot!” the mysterious voice said. “After you touched the dragon egg and signed the bloodline contract with it, you had the pure true dragon blood within you. You’re now a half-dragon mixed with a human and a dragon. Since you have the dragon bloodline, this sealing formation will be useless against you. Your spatial ability will allow you to ignore the seal and escape.”

"Spatial Jump!"

Qin Sheng did not have the time to think about the content of his words. He had only heard that he could leave, so he immediately reacted to the extreme. Just as the dragon breath was about to land on his body, he used Spatial Jump at the critical moment.

In an instant.

The view changed.

Qin Luo Sheng felt the heavy burden on his body dissipate instantly. The terrifyingly high temperature of the dragon breath that could burn him to ashes in an instant also vanished abruptly.

His eyes turned and his consciousness returned.

“Hidden… Dragon… Pavilion?”

Looking at the familiar place, Qin Luo mumbled in disbelief, "I… I'm back?"

Seriously!

That's great!

"Ding… Because you snatched away the treasure of the dragon race, the dragon race's favorability towards you -10,000. Current relationship: irreconcilable!"

Qin Sheng:…

Was System B too shameful?

I was just touched that I was lucky enough to escape, and I was feeling the joy of being reborn after a calamity. Now you're trying to undermine me? Are you a dog?

"Ding… Due to your pet????? The aura, you have already been locked onto by the guardian Dragon Abyss. Dragon Abyss will hunt you down relentlessly for three days. Three days later,????? It will be completely connected to your bloodline and spirit. At that time, Dragon Abyss will lose the ability to track you."

To the death?

Chase?

Qin Luo was stunned.

"System, thank you so much."

Qin Luo's balls were hurting.

Being targeted by the invincible Dragon Race big shot, how could they survive?

The system wanted him dead!

Three days?!!

This was really an honor.

I'm just an ant that can be killed with a puff of air, yet I'm giving a parent three days' time. Are you afraid that I won't be able to die? Hah.

Except.

So what if he was unhappy?

Qin Sheng could do nothing about it.

Qin Sheng shook his head sadly. He had no countermeasures and could only take things one step at a time. The worst case scenario was death. It was no big deal.

Thus…

He turned his attention to the dragon egg in his hand and opened its stats window—

[Mysterious Dragon Egg]

Type: Pet Egg

Grade:???

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Contract: Bloodline Contract, Soul Connection.

Current Status: Insufficient energy, unable to hatch. Can accelerate growth by absorbing the owner's blood. Estimated to be born three days later. (Note: If the dragon egg is baptized by the blood of the true dragon within three days, the dragon race's secret technique will be sealed, and the contract will be severed.)

< Introduction > It has a mysterious origin and is a treasure of the dragon race. For some reason, it was placed at the bottom of Cliff Ridge and handed over to the dragon race's elder Long Yuan to look after.

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"