Chapter 226: Blind Date?

After reading the introduction of the dragon egg, Qin Luo's anger instantly turned cold.

Dog System, I have no grudges with you. Why do you have to scam your father like this?

I was prepared to sacrifice myself in exchange for the dragon egg contract, but what did you do?

A pet egg that had already signed a bloodline contract could actually be taken back?

Wasn't this too much?

"Ding! The game will be updated in thirty seconds. Please leave the game as soon as possible!"

Going offline?

Right.

This was a good way to avoid it.

If logging off was counted as hunting time, as long as he did not log in for three days, wouldn't it be over?

Still.

He had to confirm this.

If the time of going offline was not included in Dragon Abyss's hunting time, then it would really be a headache.

"Quit the game!"

…

The next day.

When Qin Luo Sheng woke up, it was already past eight in the morning.

After washing up, he went out to buy breakfast. He dragged Nan Nan out of bed and finished her breakfast.

"There are still five hours until the update. What should I do?"

Bored, he browsed through the official website and browsed Tieba. At the same time, he took a look at the scenery video taken at the summit of Great Cliff Ridge yesterday. Qin Sheng, whose results were rather outstanding, felt gratified.

"No, I should go out and take a look!"

After more than an hour, Qin Sheng finally could not take it anymore. He tossed the tablet aside and rubbed his slightly sore eyes. He got up and washed his face before knocking on Nannan's door.

"This girl, did the Sleeping God reincarnate?"

Without a doubt, Qin Sheng had no choice but to go out on his own after receiving an answer.

"Where should I shop?"

Qin Sheng did not want to miss this rare opportunity when he finally had some free time for the game update. Even though he was a geek, he was not a serious patient. Apart from hating traveling, he usually liked to hang out outside.

"Why don't we go to Fate Corporation's official store and take a look at the gaming capsule?"

The mind of a geek would never connect to places like amusement parks. Even when shopping, it was limited to the gaming periphery. Therefore, he immediately thought of the gaming capsule.

In the past, he had no money and could only buy the cheapest low-quality gaming helmet. It had the worst simulation and was only 85%. Although it was enough, he felt that something was lacking.

Now that he had money, he naturally had to enjoy it. After all, Qin Sheng was quite curious about the gaming capsule, which was said to have 95% simulation accuracy. Besides, there was another hidden benefit to the gaming capsule, which was two hours more than ordinary gaming equipment.

Don't underestimate these two hours.

One day was two hours, ten days was twenty hours…

In the long run, the gap would only grow wider.

It was fortunate that he was a hacker. Otherwise, he would have been left behind.

"A gaming capsule worth one million RMB? That's really expensive. One for me and one for Nan Nan. That's two million. The gaming company is really making money."

Qin Luo could not help but grumble.

Even though he was extremely good at making money and had the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, he had been a loser for too long and had yet to change his mindset. The two million yuan that he might not be able to earn even if he worked for his entire life had been spent on two pieces of gaming equipment. His heart ached.

“Yeah? Phone call? Who called?”

Qin Sheng, who was standing by the side of the road and waiting for a taxi, suddenly felt his pocket tremble. He took out his phone and looked at the caller ID. It was his mother. Instantly, his expression changed and he frowned.

"Little Sheng, are you at work?"

A gentle voice came through the phone.

“Mom.”

Qin Luo Sheng did not know why, but when he heard this voice, he called out naturally, as if it was a familiar voice imprinted in his soul, as if he was facing his mother in his previous life.

"How are you doing over there…"

A familiar, suffocating rhythm.

Qin Luo was speechless.

However, he did not dare to hang up. In fact, he had no choice but to listen. He could only use his own method to minimize the damage caused by the nagging.

"…By the way, I asked Grandmother Liu from the village to arrange a blind date for you. It's from the Zhou Family Village next door. Mother saw the photo. The lady looks pretty and knows everything. Can you find some time to take a look?"

???

Blind date?

Qin Luo was shocked.

"She's also working in Shanghai. I heard that she works in the same restaurant as your uncle. Make arrangements and buy some good clothes so that your uncle can borrow a car for you to drive. Girls are all a little prideful. Bring her to eat something good. If you don't have money, I'll transfer it to you."

Before Qin Sheng could protest, there was another round of crackling on the other side. He opened his mouth several times, but no words came out. He could only give up dejectedly and let his ears be bombarded.

"Alright, that's it. Mom is a little busy, so I'll hang up first. Remember, you must go."

Du du…

Qin Luo's head hurt.

This sudden blow made him completely confused.

Never would he have thought that even after transmigrating to another parallel world, he would not be able to escape from his mother's calamity. He would not be able to escape the difficulty of going on a blind date.

"Beep beep beep."

Just as she was thinking about how to reject him, VX spoke again.

He clicked on it.

Fine, the transfer came.

Whoa, 5,000 yuan?

It seemed like he had steeled his heart and was serious this time. He couldn't escape or avoid this blind date.

"You don't say. Brother, your life is much more colorful than my previous life."

If no one mentioned it, the hidden memories wouldn't be triggered.

Qin Luo's buddy from Blue Star had led a rather miserable life. Moreover, his relatives were also a bunch of weirdos. They were the best in novels and on television. They had all been taken over.

Uncle. His mother’s own brother. His own uncle.

When he was young, his family was poor and his parents could not afford it. It was Qin Luo's father who had squeezed out money to send him to school and provide for him until he graduated from university.

Who knew?

After graduating from university, this ingrate had been working as an intern in Shanghai and had caught the eye of a Shanghai local woman. She had married into her family and instantly became a 'rich person'. She looked down on her poor relatives from her hometown and hadn't been home for several years.

Great-uncle, his father’s own brother and great-uncle.

He was rather quick-witted and had dropped out of school at a young age to work hard. He was good at currying favor with others and managed to make a name for himself and open a small company.

After he was born, he bought a house in Shanghai and married a local woman. He was doing well and hadn't returned to his hometown for almost ten years.

Before.

His previous self had come to Shanghai to seek refuge with this so-called uncle. Unexpectedly, he had only stayed at his house for one night before moving out and living in that cheap basement. Ever since then, they had not contacted each other.

Nothing else.

They were the same. They despised the poor and loved the rich. They looked down on their poor nephew.

First Uncle was still alright. After all, they were blood-related. However, his wife, who was like a lion roaring from the east, mocked and despised him as soon as she entered the house. Her cousin, who was raised in a wealthy family, also treated her coldly and arrogantly. She did not even look at her poor cousin, afraid that she would dirty her eyes if she looked at him.

They were the best of the best.