Chapter 227: A Storm Is Coming

No man could stand such treatment.

Coincidentally, his predecessor was a very proud and arrogant person. How could he tolerate this?

It was already late at night when they arrived at Eldest Uncle's house. Due to the long journey, they were tired and hungry. When they entered the house, not only did they not smile, but all of them looked like they were attending a funeral. It was fine if they looked ugly, but they even attacked him verbally. It was too much.

She wanted to leave in a fit of anger. Even if she had to sleep under the bridge or on the park bench, she didn't want to stay here. However, she couldn't just turn around and leave, offending the so-called elders.

So—

She had no choice but to endure the nausea and did not even open her luggage. She made do with sleeping on the sofa for the night and left the next day.

"Mom, Mom, do you really not know, or do you still have a sliver of hope? You treat them as relatives, but they might not treat you as one. Looking for their help is wishful thinking."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and accepted the red packet, but he did not call his uncle.

"Although I don't have any feelings for these things, I've become you now. Since I've borrowed your identity and body, then your matters are my matters."

He had originally wanted to give up and ignore it, but Qin Luo could not bear to do so. In the end, it was his mother who pleaded for him. This blind date might have been requested by her father and grandmother, so how could he let her down?

"A bunch of snobbish relatives. If they're heartless, then I'll be unjust. I'll help you cut off all ties with them and never interact with them again. However, you must take revenge for your enmity. I'll remember the humiliation you've suffered and the suffering your parents suffered. Your enemies will be ten thousand times worse than you in the future," I, Qin Sheng, said.

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but think of how he had just transmigrated to this world and almost died in that dark and damp basement. All of this was thanks to a certain someone, and his killing intent could not help but boil.

"Oh? It's you. I didn't expect you to call me. How rare."

Just then, the phone vibrated again.

He looked down.

It was actually that astute uncle of his. Qin Sheng was very surprised.

"Qin Luo, where are you?"

When he picked up the call, an arrogant and bossy voice came from the other end.

"Your father called me and begged me to lend you my car for a blind date."

Before Qin Sheng could reply, Eldest Uncle continued, "You know what ugly things you've done. It's been spread all over your hometown. Now that someone finally came to matchmake you, the girl's family has also agreed to let you meet her first. You must seize this opportunity and not let your parents down."

Qin Luo's expression darkened immediately.

His heart ached.

This was not his problem, but his predecessor's problem.

He was hurt by the word “ugly.”

Qin Sheng, who had inherited his previous self's memories, knew best whether it was an ugly thing or not.

The ex was framed.

For that.

Not only did his former self pay a heavy price, but his family was also implicated. This was the eternal pain of his former self. After dying miserably in the basement, he transmigrated to occupy his body. This became an even more indescribable regret.

"I've set the time for you. It's tomorrow. Coincidentally, it's Monday. The restaurant where the girl works isn't that busy, and your uncle will give her half a day off."

Qin Luo remained silent while his uncle continued, "Come over to my place tomorrow afternoon to get your car. Remember, you must send it back before three o'clock. I want to send your sister to the tuition class."

Three hours?

Haha!

How generous.

According to the normal procedure, it would indeed be very fast if the blind date didn't fall in love with her. However, if there was some progress and they had a conversation, they would have to go to the movies and eat. At this time, would they chase her away and send her a car?

"No need, I'll just take a cab there myself."

Qin Luo declined coldly.

"Take a taxi? What taxi? Would a girl like you to take a taxi?" The uncle's voice was raised by more than ten decibels. "This matter is settled. Come and get the car tomorrow. The blind date is at the cafe diagonally opposite the restaurant where your uncle works. It's one in the afternoon. Don't be late."

Du du du…

As he looked at Qin Luo hanging up the phone, his expression turned very ugly. His good mood had vanished completely after this incident. His plan to go to the official store to experience the gaming capsule was also canceled.

…

2 p.m.

The game update was completed.

Qin Luo, who was already lying on the bed, entered immediately.

“Fuck, no change?”

As soon as he entered the game, Qin Sheng saw the blood-red countdown. It was still three days, and it had not gone offline. He instantly cursed.

"This is bad!"

Qin Luo covered his head and felt his head aching. "To persist under the Dragon Abyss for three days is no different from a fantasy. It's simply impossible. Unless…"

Unless what?

Unless he stayed in Star Glory City for three days.

No matter how strong Long Yuan was, he would not dare to attack Star Glory City directly, right?

This was not the world of the dragons, but the world of humans.

To openly attack one of the nine main cities of the empire, not to mention one dragon, even the entire dragon race would not be able to withstand it. After all, this was equivalent to declaring war on the current overlord of the continent!

Still.

The Dragon race was not just any Tom, Dick or Harry. Even the human race had to show some respect.

Except.

He did not know if Dragon Abyss was the only one in this operation or the entire Dragon race.

Qin Qin was very uncertain.

Long Yuan was an elder of the dragon race. He might not know about his high status, but his status was definitely not low. He had a certain amount of authority. In addition, this dragon egg was the so-called secret treasure of the dragon race. It must be very important. The dragon race must have attached great importance to it. They might be furious and do something irrational.

In other words.

It was very normal for one to come to Longyuan. It was not surprising for a group of dragons to come.

If it was in the past, the Dragon Lake would surely be fearless in pursuing an ant like Qin Sheng. With the dragon egg locking onto the location, wouldn't he, a grand elder of the dragon race, be able to do it?

But if Qin Luo hid in Starlight City and did not go out, it would be a little difficult. Even if Long Yuan had the strength to destroy Starlight City, they would not dare to do so.

As such, it was very logical to seek help from the dragon race.

The only thing Qin Luo was afraid of now was that Star Glory City would not be able to withstand the pressure. If he were to hand himself over, he would definitely die.

"I will not give up until the end."

No matter what the attitude of Star Glory City was, Qin Sheng would never place his hopes on anyone else. He had his own preparations as well. Although it was just a conjecture and he did not know if it could be done, he finally had some ideas. It was not to the extent that he was completely clueless and had nothing.

"A storm is coming!"

Qin Luo Sheng hugged the dragon egg and felt the strong rhythm of life coming from it. He muttered to himself, "I wonder if I can survive this time."