Chapter 223: Mysterious Egg

"Ding… due to unknown reasons, I am unable to use the return scroll!"

Before the lustrous light could shine, it was extinguished.

Another return scroll was destroyed.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

Damn system, what's the meaning of this?

After being violently abused, both his body and mind were devastated. This was already tragic enough. Wasn't it enough?

Can you let me play the game properly?

I just want to return to the city. Is it that difficult?

"I wonder who that scammy voice is. If I find out, I'll definitely beat you until your face is full of peach blossoms."

Qin Luo Sheng was depressed in his heart and wanted to vent it out. However, he did not dare to make a sound in this strange place for fear that there would be something terrifying in the darkness and wake it up. That would be akin to entering a wolf's den right after leaving the tiger's den. This time, there was no starlight blessing to save his life.

"The return scroll is a low-level teleportation scroll. It's useless, so—"

In the past, Qin Sheng might have had thoughts of exploring this special place, but now, he did not.

Even though the life force of the [Life Praying] had brought Qin Sheng back to life and had greatly healed the pain in his body, it had not been completely wiped away in the end. The pain was still severe, but the pain was still within an acceptable range. It was not to the extent that he could not even walk.

"Spatial Jump!"

"Ding… Due to the seal of unknown energy, your energy is incompatible with it. You are unable to use spatial abilities to travel!"

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

"Fine, you want me to stay here, right? Then I'll see what kind of monster is behind this NMLGB mystery."

After being blocked twice in a row, Qin Sheng, who was already full of anger, was completely enraged. His eyes turned red, and he took large strides forward, wanting to see who was behind this damn place.

Having lost the weak night vision ability of the [Jungle Booker's Helmet], it was supposed to be a blind man crossing the river in this pitch-black precipice without any light, unable to find the way.

Fortunately, he had already prepared [Obsidian Crown] as an alternative supplement. Not only did it increase his vision by 50 meters, but his night vision had also improved slightly from the [Jungle Scamper Helmet] to "possess", allowing him to see more clearly.

"Move forward, move forward…"

"Over there, over there…"

He had only taken a few steps when Qin Luo's instruction to look for the divine herb startled the Mountain Giant. It sounded again and floated into his mind.

"You still dare to appear?"

Instantly, Qin Sheng's eyes turned red and his pupils were filled with hostility. "It's not enough that you tricked me once. Now you want to do it again?"

"Move forward…"

"Over there…"

Perhaps he had not heard it, or perhaps he had ignored it directly. The roar in Qin Luo's heart did not have any effect. The voice was still the same, neither warm nor salty. It sounded as if it was right before his eyes, yet it also seemed as if it was ethereal beyond the heavens.

What should he do?

Should he listen to her again?

Qin Sheng calmed down very quickly after his anger. He fell into deep thought as he listened to the voice that kept circling in his mind.

"Cheers!"

Before long, Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and made up his mind. "In any case, this place has been sealed off by something and can't be separated at all. The longer this drags on, the easier it is for accidents to happen. We might as well take a gamble.—Even if it's a trap, it doesn't matter. At most, we'll just die. Since things have already come to this, could there be a worse situation than this?"

He did as he was told.

Qin Luo Sheng followed the guidance of the mysterious voice and proceeded forward cautiously.

There were no living creatures or plants at the bottom of this precipitous cliff. The exact situation was also pitch-black and could not be seen clearly. However, within the visual range, the terrain here was flat and wide like a plain. It was very strange.

Not long after.

There was no need for that mysterious voice to remind Qin Luo. He could already sense a special pulse of energy coming from not far ahead.

Knock, knock, knock…

Knock, knock, knock…

Knock, knock, knock…

This was the rhythm of life, like the beating of a heart, full of vitality.

Qin Luo quickened his pace.

After walking about 300 meters, a strange stone platform entered Qin Sheng's sight.

"This is…"

The stone platform was similar to an altar. It was about 30 meters tall, but the area it covered was roughly estimated to be at least 500 square meters. It had the appearance of a dragon coiling around the platform, looking like a dragon soaring into the sky.

Although it was still far away and the dragon-shaped sacrificial altar had existed for an unknown period of time, Qin Luo Sheng could clearly see that the dragon was vivid and lifelike. Even its scales were exquisite and filled with charm, like a true dragon.

"Could there be a terrifying existence like the Mountain Giant here?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was somewhat ugly.

Although it was just a guess, it was pretty close.

There were even mountain giants guarding the top of Precipice Cliff. How could there be no secrets in the strange altar beneath the precipice? How could there be no guards?

"F*ck, a man's death is equivalent to a bird's death. We've already come this far, and we're only a step away. If we retreat now, wouldn't we be a joke?"

Qin Luo Sheng steeled his heart and did not back down. Instead, he chose to fight head-on and advanced slowly.

“Everything okay?”

He walked cautiously, then walked, then walked, then walked again. It was only a few dozen meters, but Qin Sheng took more than ten minutes to finish walking. When he was already standing under the dragon-shaped altar, there was still nothing out of the ordinary. He couldn't help but feel somewhat dumbfounded.

“Could it be that I’m overthinking things?”

Qin Luo was a little skeptical, but he did not let his guard down.

"The thing that is emitting the pulse of life is above here. Can it go up?"

He's up!

Afraid my a * s!

Qin Sheng retrieved the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. He stretched out his hands and with a leap, he grabbed the enormous body of the stone sculpture. With a leap, he stepped on the dragon's body, which was also the winding path.

Walking and walking.

They circled around.

The altar did not seem tall, but the coiling dragon carving spiraled upwards in circles. Combined, the journey was not short either. Qin Luo Sheng walked normally for nearly half an hour before reaching the top.

The highest point was not a vacuum, but a flat ground about 20 square meters. In the center stood a lotus platform piled with magic crystals, and above the lotus platform was a watermelon-sized egg.

"What the hell is this?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the egg-shaped object and for some reason, his heart started beating violently. Within a few seconds, his heartbeat merged with the thumping sound it made and became a channel and a pulsating frequency.

"I don't care. If I die, so be it."

Even though he knew that this was very strange and that this was the same trick as the Mountain Giant and the divine grass, Qin Sheng could not control himself. It was as if some unknown force was urging him to approach the egg.