Chapter 238: Conversation With Long Yuan

"Daddy, Little Missy is not bad. Aren't you going to consider it?"

Nan Nan teased.

"She's not bad?"

The corners of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched. "Her figure can't be more than 30 points, her looks can barely pass 60 points, and her temperament is directly negative. Such a woman has a f*cking female Q tendencies and looks so arrogant, as if she thinks all the men in the world will lick her. Without the life of a princess and the illness of a princess, who would marry her? The rest of their lives would be ruined. It's fine if they don't live in peace, but they're afraid of causing chaos and implicating the entire family."

"Ah… so serious!" Nan Nan giggled and asked, "What kind do you like, daddy?"

"What kind? That would be too generous." Qin Sheng stroked his chin, deep in thought. Then he looked at Nan Nan, who was as beautiful as a painting. For some reason, he blurted out, "At least she should be like her!"

Nan Nan:???

"Ahem, what I meant was, at least be as obedient as Nan Nan, right? That woman's overbearing attitude just now disgusted me."

As soon as the words left his mouth, Qin Sheng thought to himself, "Oh no!" He saw Nan Nan's face turning red all of a sudden. She lowered her head and did not speak. He almost had a heart attack. Damn it, this is a crime! He hurriedly explained.

“Daddy is so annoying!”

Qin Qin Sheng: (╯ ‵ □ ′) ╯

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was wrong.

‘ Please listen to me quibble. Ah, please listen to me explain.’

"Forget it, I admit defeat."

Qin Luo Sheng opened his mouth, wanting to speak but did not know what to say. He could only remain silent as he held Nan Nan's little hand and headed home.

…

Time.

12: 30 p.m.

"As expected, this world is still the most comfortable. What nonsense is the real world? It's really terrible."

The short matchmaking session ended. While there was still some time, Qin Sheng dragged Nannan, who had gone out with much difficulty, to a nearby big restaurant with a good reputation. After having a good meal, he took a taxi home and entered the game as soon as he got home.

"You're here? That was fast."

As soon as he entered the game, Qin Sheng could feel a majestic dragon's might heading his way. A strange smile instantly appeared on his lips. "I did so much yesterday and paid thousands of gold and the [Netherworld Scepter] for this. Long Yuan, you must not disappoint me!"

“Is this the burial place you chose? The environment seems pretty good.”

Not long after, a huge black dragon flew over. The dragon head stretched out of the clouds and looked at Qin Sheng who was standing fearlessly on the vast grassland. A trace of astonishment flashed across its eyes.

“Sir Long Yuan, the reason I entered the bottom of the precipice was also an accident, and it wasn’t intentional. Why continue to persist?”

Qin Luo started to stall for time. "In this world, nothing can escape fate. Since I've obtained this dragon egg, it's enough to prove that I'm fated with your dragon clan. Why don't we drop this matter and form a good relationship?"

"F*ck off!" Long Yuan roared. "You have a glib tongue. How dare you bully me?"

"I'm not lying. This is indeed the truth." Qin Luo replied in a neither servile nor overbearing manner, "At that time, I had only gone to the Precipice Ridge to collect the Sun Blossom because a certain girl's mother needed it for her treatment. However, for some unknown reason, I offended the Mountain Giant and was sent to the bottom of the ridge by it. I was lucky enough to escape with my life, which led to all those things that happened after that. Isn't this an unseen arrangement? This dragon egg is destined to belong to me!"

"Human brat, I've lived for so many years. Do you think your useless words can affect my will?" Long Yuan snorted. "Even if you make a hole in the sky today, I will burn your bones and scatter your ashes. I will take back the dragon egg and extract your soul. I will burn it with Black Dragon flames for a thousand years to vent my hatred."

"So ruthless? Aren't you afraid that I'll fight to the death?" Qin Sheng raised his brows, his expression turning cold.

"A life and death struggle?" Long Yuan could not help but laugh. "You?"

"Because of me!" Qin Luo puffed up his chest and tossed the dragon egg in his hand playfully. "Of course, the difference between me and the Black Dragon King is like heaven and earth. However, the egg in my hand is very fragile."

"You want to destroy the egg?" Long Yuan sounded surprised.

"So what if I am?" Qin Luo Sheng felt that something was not quite right, but he did not know what it was either. He could only brace himself and reply, "If you push me too hard, none of us will be able to get into your good books. If I die, my balls will break."

"Hahaha…" Long Yuan suddenly laughed loudly, his laughter breaking through the sky and tearing through the clouds. "You have really broadened my horizons. This dragon egg's origin is not something a mere mortal like you can know. Not to mention you, even I can forget about breaking it. You using it to threaten me is simply laughable."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck, is there a mistake?

It was just a dragon egg, was it that exaggerated?

No matter how bad * ss it was, it was just an egg. Even the mighty Black Dragon King Long Yuan was helpless against it?

"To be honest, I admire you quite a bit. When ordinary people see me, they would all tremble in fear as if they were treading on thin ice. Even more so, they would have knelt down and kowtowed long ago, their entire bodies trembling." Long Yuan said, "And you, not only are you not afraid at all, you even dare to talk to me without fear."

"From ancient times until now, there have been many humans who have close relationships with our dragon race. The next step was to possess the bloodline of a true dragon and sign a contract with our dragon race, causing our name to shake the continent. Unfortunately…"

Qin Luo asked, "What's a pity?"

"It's a pity that you were born at the wrong time. If it were any other dragon egg, even if it was my direct descendant, I could have made the decision to sign a contract with you. But it just so happened to be this one."

Qin Luo's gaze froze. "What's so special about it?"

"You don't have to ask me about it. Even I don't know its secret. However, the Dragon God once passed down an order. Not to mention a human ant like you, even the emperor of the Dragon Race doesn't have the right to possess it. Now, do you know why I'm so furious? Even if the Dragon Race goes to war with the Human Race, we won't let it wander outside."

Qin Sheng:…

Wasn't this too f*cking fantastic?

That bastard is so f*cked up? He created such a messy setting!

"Alright, I can't be bothered to waste my breath on you. It's time for you to stop your delaying tactics. It's useless." Long Yuan said, "Yesterday, you were lucky. The city lord of Star Brilliance City dared to use the power of an entire city and even summoned the supreme treasure Star Brilliance Diagram to protect you. Indeed, I can't do anything to you. But today, no one is protecting you. Let me see what other tricks you have up your sleeve."