Chapter 231: Attack From The Dragon Abyss (3)

"I'll do it!" Qin Sheng looked at the 3D projection of the store and gritted his teeth. He decided to buy it. "Brother, I wonder if this can be used to offset the amount of money. Also, is the 30% discount for the Medal of Honor still counted?"

“Of course. If it’s a 70% discount, you only need to pay 35,000 gold coins.”

"That's good." Qin Sheng was overjoyed. He hurriedly clicked on 'confirm' and filled up all his Reputation Points as a form of investment.

"Ding, you have purchased Section C-12. The original price is 50,000 gold coins, a 70% discount. You need to pay 35,000 gold coins to offset the same amount of gold coins with 26,374 Reputation Points. Currently, you still need to pay 8626 gold coins. The time limit is three months. Otherwise, Section C-12 will be reclaimed."

Upon hearing the system's prompt, Qin Luo was overjoyed.

Looks like those 500 gold coins were not wasted!

After a series of operations, the large shop that originally cost fifty thousand gold coins only needed to pay eight thousand gold coins to get it.

As expected, it was easy to get things done in the court.

…

Leaving the Bureau of Fangdu.

Qin Luo Sheng walked towards his Luoshen Residence with the debt of 8,000 gold coins.

Buzz…

Just as he reached the main street of the West City, his waist suddenly shook violently.

"This is?"

Qin Luo panicked and hurriedly took out his source of sin. It was indeed that dragon egg.

Was the Dragon Abyss coming?

Because of the dragon egg, Qin Luo Sheng also had the blood of a true dragon in his body and had awakened the power of the dragon race. Naturally, he could feel a vast dragon might gradually approaching. Who else could it be other than the dragon abyss?

"Ding! Players of Star Glory City, please take note. Players of Star Glory City, please take note. For unknown reasons, a mysterious existence has attacked Star Glory City. Star Glory City has activated a level one alert state. The entire city is under martial law and the city gates are closed!"

Ding…

Ding…

Three system notifications rang in their ears consecutively. All the players from Star Glory City were stunned.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Under the gaze of countless players, the NPC army entered the city and went up the city wall. Several rays of light shot up from the City Lord Residence and floated in the air, releasing a terrifying pressure.

"Despicable human, you stole our precious treasure. If you don't hand it over today, my Dragon Abyss will definitely massacre the entire city and devour a million humans.”

The sky changed color, a storm was brewing, and black clouds pressed down on the city.

Accompanied by an extremely furious dragon's roar, a pitch-black true dragon with scales as hard as steel flew from the other end of the sky. It was faintly discernible in the clouds and released a terrifying dragon might.

"Who are you? How dare you trespass into human territory and invade our human cities?"

In the face of such a formidable enemy, the City Lord Luo Lin did not abandon the city and flee. Instead, he walked up the city wall like the other soldiers. Not only did he not confront the enemy directly, he was even more imposing. He reprimanded the enemy directly.

"I am Long Yuan, the current Black Dragon King, the fifth elder of the dragon race."

Long Yuan lowered his head and looked at the human soldiers, the cold and sharp siege crossbow machines, the few human experts on the surface, and the aura of at least ten Legendary powerhouses hidden in the city. His eyes revealed a hint of caution and fear.

“Dragon Abyss?—Star Brilliance City’s City Lord Luo Lin greets the Black Dragon King of the Dragon Clan. May I know why the Black Dragon King is here?”

Lorraine cupped her hands in a salute and asked in a neutral tone.

"Greetings, City Lord Luo."

Long Yuan said in a deep voice, "The dragon race and the human race have always minded our own business. The two races have always lived together peacefully for countless years. There was also the ancient era when we resisted the friendship of the demon race together. But why is it that the human race is greedy and stole the treasure of the dragon race while I was asleep?"

"What? There's such a thing?" Luo Lin's expression changed slightly. "I wonder if the Black Dragon King has any evidence? We have always been well-behaved and have never thought of coveting the Dragon Race's treasure. Is there a misunderstanding?"

"Misunderstanding?” Long Yuan let out a hollow laugh," How could I be mistaken? I can still sense the presence of the Dragon Tribe's treasure in your city.”

"This…" Luo Lin was bewildered.

Logically speaking, the Dragon race and the Human race had never interfered with each other. Unless Long Yuan was crazy, he would definitely not dare to attack the Human race openly, let alone attack a human city.

In that case…

Long Yuan should not be lying.

If not for the loss of the Dragon Tribe's treasure, Long Yuan would not have lost his rationality and dared to suppress the entire Dragon Tribe.

Except.

Who was so audacious as to dare behave atrociously on the dragon race's head?

If he wanted to behave atrociously, so be it. But why was he hiding in Star Brilliance City? Wasn't he clearly trying to disgust the Luo family?

"Since the Black Dragon King is so confident, I will trust you this once." Luo Lin glanced at the dragon aura and knew that things would not end well. He said, "Black Dragon King, please calm down. You will set up an area and I will surround it. I will find the scum who ruined the friendship between humans and dragons."

"There's no need to go through so much trouble. Just let me do it myself." Long Yuan's body emerged from the clouds. His huge body that was thousands of feet long covered the sky and covered half of Star Brilliance City.

"Black Dragon King, please respect yourself. This is the city of the Human Race, not the Dragon Island, and not your Dragon's Den." Luo Lin's expression was cold. He rejected the Black Dragon King without giving him any face. Without waiting for Long Yuan to get angry, he straightened his body and shouted, "All soldiers, listen up. If the Black Dragon King dares to not enter, you will be treated as an enemy of the Human Race. You will be executed!"

"Here!"

…

The Black Dragon was suppressing the city and the humans were confronting each other.

Such a shocking event naturally caused an uproar in the entire Star Glory City.

With countless players from Star Glory City taking photos, posting, and even live-streaming, it instantly attracted the attention of the entire world.

All over the world, billions of gazes were gathered at Glory City.

"Weeping Soul, is it you?"

Long Yuan compromised and gave a rough direction. Very quickly, Qin Sheng was found. The one who found him was an old acquaintance, Luo Lin’s daughter.

"That's right, it's me!"

Since he had been found, he knew that it was impossible for him to bluff his way through and admitted it openly.

"You… you're really… silly!"

Luo Li had expected better from him.

"So it's you, you shameless, greedy brat. You almost caused Star Glory City to fall into the danger of extinction and caused the relationship between the human race and the dragon race to deteriorate. Now, you don't even have a trace of regret. You really have sinned terribly."

Luo Li did not move, but a white-robed general beside her jumped out and reprimanded her righteously. His expression was as if he wanted to eat her.

“Li Huaifeng, stand down!”

Luo Li furiously looked at the white-robed general as she furiously roared, “You’re only a deputy general, and I’m the main general. As the main general, I haven’t spoken, so why are you interfering?”

"General Luo, this lowly official is willing to be punished for overstepping my boundaries." Li Huaifeng was unconvinced. "But now that Star Brilliance City is in danger, General Luo cannot disregard the lives of countless soldiers and citizens just because of personal relationships. This man has a wild ambition. He stole the precious treasures of the dragon race for his own selfish reasons and committed a heinous crime. How can we tolerate such a heinous crime? It's better to hand him over and extinguish the fury of the dragon race."

“You want me to give my compatriots to the Dragon Clan?” Luo Li was enraged. She pulled out the longsword from her waist and placed it on Li Huaifeng’s neck. “Do you believe that I will cut you down?”