Chapter 237: Blind Date

"No need, that's all."

Qin Qin Sheng suppressed his anger. He did not even look at his aunt Mu Ping, who had a hypocritical look on her face as she handed over a hundred notes. He pulled Nan Nan and turned to leave. "Goodbye."

Bang!

"Tsk, why are you pretending? You're just a poor loser."

“That’s enough. Cut it out. He’s your cousin, after all.”

"Good girl, don't be angry. Old Qin, you really have to promise your poor relative to borrow a car. You let him affect Lulu's mood early in the morning."

Qin Luo walked out of the door with large strides. His superb hearing allowed him to hear every single word in the room. He was so angry that his lungs almost exploded.

“Brother, it’s not that I don’t want to give you face. I wanted to do something for you after taking over your body, but some people still look at us differently. I’ve done my part this time. Since they don’t want to seize the opportunity, then don’t blame me. I won’t acknowledge such a relative.”

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze was cold. "From today onwards, we shall be strangers. I only hope that they will not provoke me in the future. Otherwise, I will not be as easy to talk to as I am today."

…

In the morning.

10: 00!

Left Bank Cafe.

"What is that woman doing?"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the time displayed on his phone. It was already more than half an hour away from the agreed time. He was already full of anger from his family's over-the-top relatives, and now he was even more irritable.

"Wait another ten minutes. If you still don't come, I'll leave."

With the special quest of Long Yuan's pursuit, considering that players only had ten hours of game time every day, the system made a compromise based on this BUG. The time for logging off was included, but ten hours of game time had to be maxed out, or else it would be considered a mission failure.

In other words.

Qin Luo Sheng had to play at 14 in the afternoon. This was the latest time limit and he could not waste too much time here.

A few minutes later.

A slightly plump girl dressed in branded clothes walked into the cafe.

"You're Qin Sheng, right? Sorry I'm late."

It was Monday, and most people had returned to work. It was not the right time, and it was not the time for afternoon tea. Therefore, the cafe was very quiet. In addition, they had exchanged photos on VX earlier. Qin Sheng and the girl had recognized each other at a glance.

“Please sit down.”

Qin Luo got up and greeted her. No matter what this girl meant, he still had to do his part. At the very least, he had to show proper etiquette and not embarrass his parents.

"We don't have much time, so let's cut to the chase and get to the main topic!"

After ordering a cup of coffee, the girl went straight to the point and said, "We chatted on VX for a while before, so we know each other. Now, let me introduce myself. I'm Li Qian, 20 years old."

"Qin Sheng, 18 years old!"

"I've heard about what happened to you. I won't comment on what happened." Li Qian crossed her arms and raised her head. She said proudly, "However, since everyone is here for a blind date, I'll be more direct. I hope to have a house in Shanghai that's at least 150 square meters. A car is no less than 500,000 yuan. I want at least 30,000 yuan of pocket money every month. Can you do that?"

Haha.

This was really direct.

How could you say such a thing?

"That's quite a request."

Qin Luo suddenly relaxed.

She had originally thought that the blind date arranged by her mother would be difficult to deal with, but this was it?

I am relieved that you are so unscrupulous.

If the negotiation fails, it's not my fault.

At least he wouldn't be nagged anymore, right?

"This requirement is already very low. Which one of my sisters' boyfriends isn't better than this? I've already lowered my requirements since you've just arrived in Shanghai."

Li Qian 'elegantly' held her coffee, looking like a little princess.

"I can't afford a house. It's too expensive in Shanghai. In the future, I might go back to my hometown to build a house or buy a house in the county city. I should buy a car, a means of transportation. However, the first car is about 10,000 yuan. I'll change it when I have money. As for my salary, I don't even have a salary of 1,000 yuan per month. I really can't afford your allowance of at least 30,000 yuan per month."

Qin Luo Sheng replied honestly.

"Tsk!"

Zhang Qian placed the cup down heavily. She was no longer as elegant as before. She immediately turned hostile and said in disdain, "What a poor loser. How dare you come out for a blind date with your qualities?"

"Oh, may I ask how much Miss Zhang's monthly salary is?" Qin Sheng raised his brows and asked.

"I pay five thousand a month." Zhang Qian replied confidently, "Why do you ask?"

"That's really rare." Qin Luo Sheng spread out his hands and said in amusement, "You're asking me to give you 30,000 a month for 5,000 a month?"

"You're a man, so of course you're different." Zhang Qian acted like it was only natural.

"What's the difference?"

"Don't you know that there are tens of millions of single men in our country now? The ratio between men and women is imbalanced, and the number of men is 30 million more than the number of women. We women are treasures now, especially young and beautiful women like me. There are plenty of people wooing us. If it weren't for the fact that we're from the same hometown and I find you more pleasing to the eye, do you think I would waste my time on blind dates with you?"

"Forget it, Miss Li. I can't be bothered to talk nonsense with you. I suggest that you go back and check the relevant information first."

Qin Sheng was really not in the mood to entertain Qin Luo.

"Isn't it?"

"Of course not. What you said about tens of millions of single men is true. However, not all of them are men. Many of them are older women. As for the ratio between men and women, it is indeed so. The number of men is 30 million more than the number of women. However, among these 30 million people, including those of all ages, there are white-haired old men and immature children. There are only a few million people who are suitable for marriage."

"What are you trying to say?"

Zhang Qian flew into a rage out of humiliation.

"What I want to say is that you women are not as popular as you think. If there's nothing else, watch less of the poisonous chicken soup. Those so-called women are either extremists or have ulterior motives. They just want to cheat you of your money."

"Nonsense!"

"I'm spouting nonsense? Fine, think whatever you want." Qin Sheng could not be bothered with this crazy woman. He stood up and wanted to leave. "On account that we're from the same hometown, I'll give you one last piece of advice. You mustn't take yourself too seriously. Other than your parents, no one will spoil you.—Different paths lead to different goals. If I can't satisfy Miss Zhang's request, Miss Zhang should find another kind person. I won't delay any further."

"Stop right there!" Zhang Qian shouted at the top of her lungs. Her face was flushed red as she panted heavily. Her chest heaved up and down. She was obviously furious. "You're just a poor kid. What right do you have to teach me a lesson? Hmph. No matter what you say, isn't it all to cover up your incompetence? You can't even fulfill such a small request in Shanghai. You're really useless."

"It's none of your business whether I'm trash or not." Qin Sheng glanced at the idiotic woman indifferently and said coldly, "I'm trash, and I won't be an eyesore to you, Miss Zhang. I'm not trash, and I won't let you, Miss Zhang, take advantage of me either. We're strangers to each other to begin with, so how can we have so much to do with each other?—That's all I have to say, I won't see you."

"Stinky… cock… silk!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned around coolly and pulled Nan Nan away from the other table. Behind him, a certain woman's frantic roars could be heard.

…