Chapter 230: Attack From The Dragon Abyss (2)

"There are only the two of us at home. It takes a lot of time to clean such a big house every day. How can you handle it alone? Moreover, you have to take care of the garden, cook, and take care of my daily needs…"

Qin Qin Sheng said, "How about this? Mengmeng, write a list for me and see how many more people we need at home. We'll take whatever we need. Just focus on being my butler and chef. As for the other jobs, recruit more people."

"Young Master, I…"

Mengmeng was a little anxious and wanted to say something, but Qin Sheng interrupted her by saying, "It's settled then, I call the shots.—Think about it, I'll go out for a while and be back soon."

…

After leaving the Luoshen Residence, Qin Luo returned to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

He opened the transaction book and looked at the balance on it. He couldn't stop smiling.

After an intense competition, the [Jungle Book] set with his "Weeping Souls" celebrity effect was bought by a certain boss at a high price of 428 gold coins. In addition to the previous large batch of equipment, especially the skill books and scrolls after the Starlight Miracle Transcendence, it was sold at an astronomical price. The balance in the account reached a terrifying 3,000 gold coins.

"What a gold mine!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed as his hands moved non-stop. After sublimating the several hundred pieces of equipment he had collected with the Starlight Miracle, he handed them over to Old Liu to be sold at a fixed price. Then, he took out two thousand gold coins and put them into his wallet before rushing to a certain shop without stopping.

At the storage shop.

"Boss, can you store anything here? Can you guarantee safety? What if the item is lost?"

“Of course. Our store has thousands of years of reputation. We will definitely ensure that our customer’s storage is absolutely safe. We will definitely not lose it.” The store owner patted his chest as he guaranteed with pride and confidence.

"That's good!"

Qin Luo gave a strange smile and took out the dragon egg on the spot. He handed it over and said, "Then I'll have to trouble Boss to help me keep this."

The store owner was speechless.

"This, this warrior, you…"

Instantly.

The store owner, who had been full of pride just a moment ago, turned bitter.

"Why, can't I?"

Qin Luo Sheng's smile faded as a look of disdain appeared on his face. "Is this the reputation your store has built up over thousands of years?"

"Warrior, don't make things difficult for me." The store owner was on the verge of tears. "Even if you smash my signboard today, I won't dare to accept this thing. Not to mention a small store manager like me, even our sect master wouldn't dare to accept this hot potato. It would really kill me."

"You really can't accept it?" Qin Sheng frowned.

The store owner shook his head. "I really can't accept it!"

Sigh.

It seemed like it was really impossible.

Qin Luo Sheng sighed helplessly.

Initially, he had wanted to use the power of the NPCs to balance Long Yuan and divert his attention away. After all, Long Yuan had locked onto the dragon egg and not Qin Sheng.

Who knew?

The system did not fall for it.

If he really accepted the dragon egg's safekeeping order, everything would fall apart on its own.

What a pity!

This road is blocked.

“So be it.”

Qin Sheng could not do anything for Qin Luo. He did not even take the VIP card from the store owner, who was apologizing, and walked out of the store in big strides.

…

"Young Master, you're back."

Qin Luo returned to the Luoshen Residence in a depressed mood. As soon as he stepped into the main door, he immediately saw Mengmeng standing at the entrance. She was charming and otherworldly. She was naturally beautiful like a lotus in the water or a peony in the garden. Even though she was dressed in coarse linen clothes, it could not conceal her peerless beauty.

Back in the side hall.

Qin Luo Sheng took the list Mengmeng was calculating and looked at it. Hmm, about six people were needed. Among them, the most needed were woodworking workers and cleaning maids.

After browsing through the hiring system, he realized that the remuneration for these unilateral talents was not high. The worst was the maidservant. There was no special skill involved in serving people, and the cheapest only cost one gold per month.

‘ Of course.’

To the wealthy Qin Sheng, these goods were definitely cheap and not good. They were a bunch of nobodies.

She immediately decided to hire two high-class maids with a monthly salary of 20 gold coins. Furthermore, they were a pair of twins, and their high-definition photos were on the list. They were indeed beautiful women.

The maidservants hired were all of the highest level. Qin Luo Sheng might as well go all the way. All of them found the most awesome industries and requested that all of them be young and beautiful girls.

As a man with a strong sense of possessiveness, Qin Luo did not wish for another male creature other than himself to appear in his own nest.

"Mengmeng, I'll leave them to you."

Qin Sheng had hired ten people in a row and spent more than two hundred gold coins. He looked at the row of delicate flowers in front of him, suppressed the palpitations in his heart, looked at Mengmeng, the leader of the group of flowers, and gave her permission.

"There are 800 gold coins here. I'll leave it to you to take care of it. You can decide what you need to spend on the places where the family needs money. I'll leave everything to you."

Mengmeng's face turned red. Qin Luo Sheng's ambiguous "outside the male lead, inside the female lead" made her extremely shy. She lowered her head and replied with a voice as soft as a mosquito, "Yes, Mengmeng will definitely not let down Young Master's expectations."

After resolving the issue of the residence, Qin Luo Sheng carried the remaining 1,000 gold coins and made his way to the Bureau of Fangdu.

After some small talk.

Qin Luo revealed his purpose for coming here.

"Brother, you came at the right time this time. Recently, this small shop of mine has sold a lot. Almost all the good spots are gone, but all the large shops that you want are still here. However, many people have already asked about it. It's just that they lack Reputation Points and can't buy it, so it has been delayed."

The head of the Fang Capital Bureau, Lord Fang, said with a smile, “Come, take a look. Here, here, and here. These three places are most suitable for your needs. Whether you want to open a restaurant or set up an auction house, they definitely won’t be bad.”

"Old brother, I don't have enough money at the moment. Can you make an exception and pay in installments?" Qin Sheng reluctantly handed over 500 gold coins.

“That’s easy to say.” After obtaining the gold coin, Lord Fang smiled like a chrysanthemum flower and said, “Younger brother, you have the [Medal of Honor] ah. You can enjoy a certain level of privilege and remove a certain amount of policy restrictions. This old brother will make a decision for you and allow you to pay in installments. Within three months, you just need to make up for the debt.”

"Sure." Qin Luo nodded happily. "Then, how much does a large store like this cost?"

“It’s not expensive. It’s only 50,000 gold coins.” Lord Fang smiled as he stretched out his hand and spread out his five fingers, “The location is excellent. It occupies about 3,000 square meters and has five floors. This is the price of a big sale. It’s only so cheap because of the [Medal of Honor].”