Chapter 239: Unlimited Dragon Walk

"It's better to ask for help than to ask for help from yourself." Qin Luo smiled. "Although I'm like an ant in your eyes, I believe that humans will prevail over the heavens. You have the power to reach the heavens, and I have my own way of survival."

"Interesting!" Long Yuan's eyes lit up. "Then let me see what trump cards you have."

"Alright, then I'll embarrass myself." Qin Sheng waved at Long Yuan before disappearing on the spot. "Bye bye, space jump."

Swish!

A strong wind blew.

Long Yuan stood there with a frozen expression. Looking at the plains that should have been inhabited by a single person, there was nothing but lush green grass. He was stunned.

Where was he?

What about such a big person?

F*ck!

…

"He pretended to be a b * tch in front of Long Yuan and ran away after that. How f*cking exciting."

Qin Luo Sheng instantly moved from the plains of the extreme south to the hills of the extreme west, avoiding the wild monsters and hiding in a crack in a rock. His face was flushed red as he said, "It's a pity that Spatial Jump is strong, but that one hour of cooldown time is a fatal flaw."

Qin Sheng casually found a large rock and sat down. He took out hundreds of returning scrolls from his backpack and selected one. "Next, which one should I use?"

That's right.

Qin Qin Sheng's method was to dodge.

The members of the Pavilion of Elegance, who had entrusted Yatu to distribute the scrolls in the nine main cities of the human race, ran to the most remote and uninhabited places at the fastest speed possible. They did not miss any city, town, or even village along the way and took all the returning scrolls.

Then.

In the name of Weeping Soul, he posted on the forums, buying the return scrolls from traveling donkeys at a high price. These guys had been searching for beautiful scenery ever since they entered the game. The more remote a place was, the more they loved it. The return scrolls in their hands could lead to towns and villages that many players had never heard of. It was very far from the nine main cities.

Originally, the nine main cities at this stage were not connected. Even with this method, Qin Sheng was helpless. He could not get the return scroll from the other players.

Except.

With the help of Luo Li, the daughter of the City Lord, the situation would be different.

With the return scroll from the nine main cities in hand, Qin Luo's plan was immediately revitalized.

After the acquisition time was released on the forums, the players flew from one main city to another, relying on Weeping Souls' fame and money to pave the way. The players who had the goods in their hands could not resist the temptation, and they contributed returning scrolls that were not of much value to ordinary people in exchange for large amounts of money and Weeping Souls' friendship.

Two hours later.

"Is he here? So slow? I'm about to fall asleep."

The familiar dragon might 'intruded' into the range of his perception, causing Qin Sheng, who was feeling a little drowsy, to wake up immediately.

"You've worked hard!"

Raising his gaze and gazing at the dark clouds looming over the city, Qin Sheng smiled slyly. Without hesitation, he took out a return scroll and tore it apart.

"Rat, how dare you toy with me!"

The Spatial Teleportation shone brightly. Unlike the Instantaneous BUG skill, "Spatial Jump", the return scroll required 10 seconds to take effect. Long Yuan had spent two hours to run from the extreme south to the extreme west. Before he could vent his anger, he watched helplessly as Qin Luo's body was enveloped by Spatial Energy and disappeared.

"No…"

Long Yuan raised his head and roared. The sound waves tore through the clouds and shook the world.

…

A paradise covered in snow.

An uninvited guest had come to this desolate place today.

"Phew… this is really cold!"

Qin Sheng could not help but shiver at the extreme temperature difference from the gentle grassland to the hot basin and then to the snowy mountains. He quickly reached into his backpack and pulled out a thick leather cloak. "Fortunately, I was prepared. Otherwise, I might not have been able to survive until the Dragon Abyss descended at this temperature."

“Let’s rent a ski gear and take out the Sports Equipment.”

It was still early. Based on the speed of the Dragon Abyss, it would take at least one to two hours to reach this place. It was still bearable to hide in the shade in the hot basin, but in this icy cold place, one could not enter the NPC's house to roast meat, so one could only exercise. Skiing was naturally the first choice.

"This scenery is really not bad."

As he glided through the snow, Qin Sheng traveled alone in this dreamy world where snowflakes floated in the air. He looked at the vast land and endless mountains, and his mood inexplicably became much more relaxed. "No wonder that b * stard sold me a return scroll for 100 gold coins. It's indeed worth it. Not to mention avoiding the pursuit of the Dragon Abyss, just this beautiful scenery is already worth it."

"En, just hang around outside. The monsters around here are Level 50. If I meet them, they can easily kill me with a slap. It's better not to complicate matters."

Qin Luo did not go any deeper.

Remembering the threat of the Dragon Abyss, he gave up the thought of taking a risk.

Soon.

Another two hours passed.

"Again?"

The aura of the Dragon Abyss descended once more.

"Pervert!"

A familiar rhythm, a familiar scene, a familiar formula.

Long Yuan, who had rushed over from thousands of miles away, once again watched Qin Sheng's figure disappear from his field of vision. He silently sensed for a while and discovered that the dragon egg's aura had once again fled to the extreme south. He instantly went berserk.

"Ang…"

A dragon's roar that was mixed with grief and rage resounded through the heavens and the earth. Not only was the already dim sky completely covered by the clouds, it even affected the living beings that lived in the snowfield below. All of them prostrated on the ground while shitting and peeing.

“Human brat, this Exalted swears to pull out your bones and skin, burn your bones and scatter your ashes ~ ~ ~ ~”

…

Far south.

The mountains.

Qin Luo walked out of the dilapidated village and went straight up the mountain.

The monsters in the forest were not strong. They were around level 20 to 30 and were very similar to the middle and outer regions of Cliff Ridge.

"Since we're already here, let's kill some monsters and level up."

Qin Luo took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and charged towards the group of wild beasts. "If we don't take advantage of the gap to move during the three days of pursuit, we will definitely be surpassed by those crazy leveling maniacs."

Qin Luo Sheng was also very helpless.

They were all newbies and their main goal was to level up. However, this happened.

Three days.

A full three days!

Three days of stagnation, who could withstand that?

Without the gaming capsule, the players would have two hours less time to play the game than the rich players. If it wasn't for Yatu's timely help, a wave of hidden quests, killing a bunch of leveling monsters with at least three times the EXP, and the high EXP from the ten Bosses, he would have long been gone from the level rankings.