Chapter 235: An Explosive World, A Loud Forum

After some persuasion, Luo Li finally calmed down.

"If possible, I really need your help," Qin Sheng said.

“Okay, say it. I will definitely help you.” Luo Li nodded her head like a chick pecking on rice.

"I wonder if you have any way to get your hands on a Teleportation Scroll. It must be far away from Starlight City," Qin Luo said. "I want it from the other eight main cities as well."

“Yes, there are.” Luo Li replied. “The nine main cities are the nine great barriers of the Empire. They are scattered in all directions, protecting the capital city. Our Star Brilliance City and them are naturally like branches of the same tree. We’re very close to each other. I have all the teleportation scrolls that you want.”

“That’s great!” Qin Sheng’s face was filled with joy as he looked at Luo Li with his blazing eyes. “Miss Luo Li, I really don’t know how to thank you.”

“No… no need!” Being stared at so intently by Qin Sheng, there seemed to be a fire burning in his eyes. Luo Li could not help blushing as she lowered her head, her valiant and heroic figure instantly turning into a shy little girl.

This ancient girl was really easy to flirt with!

Seeing this.

Qin Luo sighed.

With such a delicate beauty in front of him, his heart was filled with love and he was embarrassed. She was truly beautiful beyond compare. Even if his heart was made of stone, it would probably melt and become soft and full of love.

“If I can escape this calamity, I will definitely come to thank Miss Luo Li for her kindness.”

Qin Luo clasped his hands.

“Mn, you will definitely be able to do it.” Luo Li raised her head and glanced at Qin Luo. Qin Luo’s gaze gave her a shock. She shifted her gaze away and did not dare to meet his eyes. She said softly, “We’re friends that have gone through life and death together. There’s no need to be so distant. Just call me Luo Li.”

"Alright!"

…

'Shocking! A Black Dragon has appeared in the Chinese warzone, Star Glory City!'

"Black Dragon Appears, Suspected to Come Against the Soul Weeping!"

"Exclusive Secret: I'll show you the cause and effect of the Black Dragon's emergence!"

"Black Dragon…"

"Weeping Soul…"

"Star Glory City…"

The entire forum was about to explode.

Countless videos, countless pictures, countless so-called revelations… occupied all the trending topics.

The keywords' China ',' Black Dragon ',' Weeping Soul 'and' Star Glory City 'were also trending.

Again.

China became the center of the world.

Weeping Souls became the focus of the world.

Countless players were howling in grief, and their mentality collapsed.

Even Weeping Soul Beast was only Level 20, and everyone was still new to the game. Now, even the legendary Giant Dragon had appeared. What the f*ck was he trying to do?

Dragon.

Be it in the East or the West, they were at the top of the biological chain.

‘ What?’

Are you saying that the black dragon is just for show?

Haha.

‘ I suggest you go see the ophthalmologist. When the hell did you go blind?’

In the meantime.

He would also go for a brain checkup.

ZZ was a disease that had to be treated.

Do you really think everyone else is an idiot like you?

‘ I can’t feel the breathtaking dragon might in the video. It’s not your fault. At least you can see the video, right?’

As the main city of Starlight City, the entire city had mobilized more than a hundred thousand elite soldiers, countless experts, and the city lord had summoned a treasure to defend the city.

Only such a large formation was able to cause the black dragon to be wary of attacking the rat for fear of breaking the vases. From this, one could see how strong the other party was. Was he still acting like a good-for-nothing? You must be blind!

"Are these people crazy?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face twitched as he looked at the forum. The number of posts was being refreshed at tens of thousands of times per second. The few posts that had been pinned to the top were getting more popular at an unbelievable speed. The number of clicks and replies were increasing explosively. It was simply unbelievable.

"Do whatever you want. It has nothing to do with me anyway."

He casually opened a few of the most popular posts and read the various analyses on them. Qin Sheng was completely speechless. He closed the forum on the spot to calm his mind.

He opened his personal platform and glanced at the two videos under his name. The results were amazing.

Perhaps it was because of this wave of popularity, the number of clicks and payment rates had increased by quite a bit. Awesome.

Qin Sheng did not care about attracting fans, but he felt very comfortable watching the video to generate revenue for him.

"Nothing much. Let's watch two videos to relieve our boredom."

After a long day of worrying and fear, Qin Sheng was also a little tired. With Dragon Abyss spying on him, he was not in the mood to do anything. He was not interested in leveling up either, so he just lazed around.

"Eh, not bad. These guys are interesting. Fate Dimension is indeed developing towards the second spiritual world of humans. It's no different from the web novels on Earth in my previous life."

Qin Luo looked at the video that he had randomly clicked on and his eyes lit up. "Not everyone likes to fight and kill, and not everyone has to choose between the combat profession and the secondary profession. There are also quite a number of people who have really entered this virtual world for leisure and entertainment, to experience the life of a different world. Look, a group of donkeys are running around, appreciating beautiful scenery and exploring secrets. It's pretty good."

Huh.

Wait.

Something didn’t seem right.

Qin Luo Sheng seemed to have thought of something as he stared fixedly at the vast expanse of snow on the screen with a frown.

Beep beep beep…

At this moment, his communicator rang.

"Brother Weeping Soul, I've already sent people to carry out your orders.”

Yatu's voice came from the other end.

"Thank you, Brother Yatu, for your hard work." Qin Sheng replied, "It's still the agreed price. You can choose any one of the Epic weapons hanging in my store, the [Hell Scepter] and the [Death Fang] as remuneration."

"There's no need for that, Brother Weeping Soul. It's just a small matter.” Yatu refused.

"Everyone and everything has a certain value. To different people, the value is also different. Perhaps what I need to do is a small matter in your eyes, but to me, it's a big matter."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and replied, "It's only right and proper for me to pay for your efforts. This matter is settled then. I'll give you time to consider. Let me know when you've made your decision. We'll trade tomorrow."

The call ended.

"Now I'm even more confident."

On the phone with Jatu, Qin Sheng finally grasped what he had wanted. A look of ecstasy appeared on his face as he closed the video. Then, he opened the forum again and posted a post using his golden account.

"Everything is ready except for the east wind."

Seeing that his post was getting more popular, and that it had been highlighted and pinned by the management of the official forum, not only was there a lot of people dancing wildly in the post, many of them really replied with content, making Qin Sheng smile. "Whether or not you can pass the test tomorrow will depend on you guys."

Once again, he used the authority of the Lord to reply uniformly. After confirming that he was a Weeping Soul Beast and confirming that the contents of the post were true and effective, and that he had specified the time of delivery, Qin Luo Sheng closed the forum and returned to the world of fate.

"It's time!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared on the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Seeing that the turnover had already reached nearly 5,000 gold coins, he took out 4,000 gold coins without a word.

"Be good and stay here. I'll be back soon."

Qin Sheng placed the dragon egg in the warehouse and set the highest authority that no one else could take except himself. He then took out the return scrolls from the other eight main cities that Luo Li had given him.

"Come on, let's start causing trouble!"

Riyao City's returning scroll was crushed.