Chapter 233: The Battle Begins

"City Lord, this kid has done a great service to the country. We can't kick him to the curb after he's outlived his usefulness. Otherwise, how can we convince the masses? Wouldn't we disappoint the soldiers?"

The general said righteously with a ferocious expression, "It's just a mere Black Dragon. What's there to be afraid of? He dares to ignore our human race and look down on our empire. For Your Majesty, this general is willing to lead troops and kill this provocation to rectify our empire's prestige."

Lorraine:…

MD.

His head hurt.

Where did this silly boy come from?

Are you dreaming?

Was it a question of whether to kill the dragon or not?

So what if he killed Long Yuan?

Not only had my Star Glory City been destroyed, but I had also completely turned against the dragon race.

Everyone on the continent knew that the dragon race had always been arrogant and vengeful.

It was reasonable for them to come and ask for the stolen treasure of the dragon race. Even if the method was wrong and their attitude was wrong, they could not kill them just like that. Wouldn't that make the dragon race think that the human race looked down on them?

At that time, the war between the adult human race and the dragon race would definitely be a bloodbath with heavy losses.

At that time, the position of the overlord of the human continent would be lost. The blood and tears of our ancestors for so many years would be wasted in the hands of us disdainful descendants.

“Black Dragon King, I have already investigated the matter. It is indeed him who stole your Dragon Clan’s treasure.”

Lorin ignored the eager Iron Han and stepped forward to negotiate with Long Yuan.

"Oh, that's good then." Long Yuan said, "Seems like you, the City Lord of the Human race, are quite reasonable. Since that's the case, just hand over that pest to me and let this matter rest."

“Daddy.” Luo Li couldn’t help taking a step forth as she cried out, “No!”

"Black Dragon King, you are mistaken." Luo Lin looked at his anxious daughter and gave a comforting smile. He then turned to Long Yuan and said, "I have investigated the matter thoroughly, but I have no intention of handing him over."

"…Human, are you trying to trick me?" Long Yuan was silent for a moment before the Sky Shocking Dragon Formula exploded once again. The wind and clouds changed color as black clouds loomed over the city. The aura was even more terrifying than before.

"Black Dragon King, have you forgotten that this is no longer the primordial era? This is no longer the time for the Dragon Race to reign supreme." Luo Lin straightened his back and said firmly, "Are you ready to go to war with the Human Race if you want to show off?"

"You dare to threaten me?” Long Yuan's deep voice was filled with anger as he roared," A mere City Lord like you dares to speak such nonsense? What right do you have to represent the Human Race?”

"Then what right does the Black Dragon King have to represent the Dragon Race?" Luo Lin sneered. He didn't hold back at all.

"Hmph. I'm not going to waste my breath on you." Long Yuan twisted his body and gave a final warning. "I'm asking you one last time. Are you going to hand this person over or not?"

"City Lord, it's enough, it's enough." In the face of Long Yuan's ultimatum, Qin Sheng did not wait for Luo Lin's reply. He stood up and said with a face full of gratitude, "For me alone, I can't implicate the entire Star Brilliance City. This matter started because of me, so I naturally have to resolve it."

"No." Originally, he thought that Luo Lin would give up because of this. Unexpectedly, Luo Lin rejected him without any hesitation. "This is not your problem alone. This concerns the status and face of the human race. We cannot back down because of this. Otherwise, what will the other races think of us?"

“The human race is the number one ruling race on the continent, yet we’ve been forced to hand over our compatriots and allow them to be slaughtered because of the threat of a single dragon. If we do this, who will think highly of us in the future? We’ll lose our courage because of this.”

Qin Sheng:…

‘ Sure.’

Since you said so.

Then everything was fine.

Come, come, come.

I'll leave the stage to you.

Please begin your performance.

“We humans are at fault in this matter. We have to admit it.”

Luo Lin looked at Long Yuan and said in a serious tone, "If the Black Dragon King comes with gifts, I will treat him with sincerity and return with gifts. I will personally tie up the vermin that ruined the reputation of the Human Race and deliver them to the Black Dragon King."

Long Yuan:…

"However, the Black Dragon King rode the wind and moved on the clouds. His dragon might spread for three thousand miles, covering the sky and covering the earth. The wind and rain fell. What great prestige."

Luo Lin changed the topic and his expression turned extremely gloomy. "Not only do you treat us humans as nothing, you even invaded the territory of the empire and flooded the fertile lands of the human race. You scared my people and caused countless unrest. As the City Lord, what do you think I should do?"

Long Yuan was silent.

"Hmph, you sure have a glib tongue."

If it was anyone else, they might have been frightened by Luo Lin's words. However, Long Yuan was an old monster who had lived for so many years. How could he be so easily frightened?

"No matter what you say, our Dragon Clan's ultimate treasure has to be returned."

Long Yuan said arrogantly, "I advise you not to make a mistake. I don't care if this is the actions of that vermin or if there are other deeper reasons. I just want the treasure back."

“Oh?” Lorraine’s eyes lifted. “What if I say no?”

"Hahaha…" Long Yuan laughed maniacally. "Then let's fight! For this, the Dragon race will definitely go all out and fight until the last moment. We won't stop until one of us dies."

Lorraine frowned.

He had never imagined that Long Yuan would be so crazy, to the extent that he was willing to sacrifice his race to start a war. He was simply insane.

Now.

Instead, it was his turn to ride the tiger and be unable to get off.

Fight. He could not bear the consequences.

If they didn’t fight, wouldn’t the human race lose all face?

"General Li."

Lorraine suddenly spoke.

"This general is here."

Qin Luo fell silent after exchanging a few words with Qin Luo. He subconsciously responded when he saw the mayor and the general arguing with Long Yuan.

"Pass down the order to prepare for battle."

Lorraine's face sank as she gave the order.

“There.”

General Li didn't know why, but he had a military order. Without hesitation, he accepted the order and began to arrange the troops.

"Where is the tribute from the City Lord's Mansion?"

Lorraine kept shouting.

"We are here."

The consecrated experts floating in the air immediately replied.

“Activate the Great City Barrier Formation.”

“There.”

Instantly.

The wind was howling.

A storm was brewing.

"Human, do you really want to go against my Dragon race?" Long Yuan asked in a deep voice.

"It's not that I want to go against the Dragon Race, it's just that the Black Dragon King is too overbearing," Luo Lin said. "The Dragon Race is arrogant and doesn't hesitate to fight for the race until the last moment. The Human Race naturally won't fall behind."

“Since that’s the case, then let’s fight!” The Dragon Abyss Dragon roared.

"I don't dare to ask for your permission."

Lorraine laughed heartily and raised her right hand. “Where is the star map?” she shouted.

Swish!

Following Luo Lin’s call, a beam of divine light shot out from the city lord’s residence and landed in Luo Lin’s hands.

In an instant.

The world changed.

The clear sky and bright white sun had disappeared, replaced by a starry sky with stars.

The ultimate treasure of the empire, the Star Glory City’s Divine Guardian Artifact—Star Brilliance Diagram!