Chapter 236: A Perfect Family

The next day.

Qin Qin rose early in the morning.

“Good morning, Daddy.”

When he came back from buying breakfast, he happened to see Nan Nan, who had just woken up to go to the toilet. Her usual sleepy face made his mouth twitch.

"I have something to do later. I might not be back for lunch. Nan Nan, you can order takeout."

Qin Sheng instructed Nan Nan after breakfast.

"Oh, Daddy, what are you going out for?"

Nan Nan asked.

"…Blind date!"

Qin Qin Sheng found it difficult to speak, but he did so under Nan Nan's questioning gaze.

"Blind date?"

Nan Nan's expression turned serious. Her sleepiness dissipated instantly. She looked at Qin Sheng with a burning gaze. "I want to go too!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

…

Hua Yuan Estate.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at this unfamiliar place that existed in the memories of his previous self with a complicated expression.

"Let's go!"

Pulling Nan Nan, Qin Luo and Sheng entered the estate and found their uncle's residence.

Knock, knock, knock…

He knocked on the door.

No one responded!

"This again?"

This familiar scene made Qin Luo's expression darken.

Back then, his previous self had traveled a long distance and took the train for two days. He was exhausted and rushed here in the middle of the night. It was the same encounter. After knocking on the door for a long time, no one opened it. If not for the neighbor next door being affected and thinking that he was a thief who wanted to call the police, he probably wouldn't even have been able to enter the door that day.

"A dog will never change its ways."

Qin Luo Sheng was not his former self. His former self was humble yet unyielding. Moreover, he was a fearless fellow who had been shut away for so long that even his personality was somewhat violent.

Not opening the door?

Sure!

I'm not going to serve you.

MLBGD, do you really think I care about your lousy car that's not even 50W?

If it wasn't for his mother's instructions, he would never want to see relatives like you.

"You called me here and refused to see me. Even if I'm a stranger, it shouldn't be like this, let alone a relative. A blood-related relative with such a cold personality, it's really an eye-opener."

Qin Luo Sheng smiled playfully.

He was no longer the loser from his previous life. He could not lift his shoulders or his hands. After being strengthened, he was now a superman. If he was bold enough to summon the Dreadfiend Wheel, the security door in front of him would be no different from thin paper.

"Let's go!"

He looked at the peephole contemptuously. Qin Luo pulled Nan Nan's hand and prepared to leave.

With his powerful mental strength, he could even hear Su Youran's weak "wuwu". Moreover, there was only one door separating them. He had long noticed the prying eyes and heavy breathing behind the door.

"Oh, it's Shengzi. Come in quickly. Look at us. We don't have to go to work. We wake up too late every day. We only heard you knocking on the door."

The door opened.

A woman with exquisite makeup and a shrewd-looking face came into view. It was Qin Luo's so-called aunt, Mu Ping. Her fake smile almost made him vomit.

"First Aunt."

Qin Qin Sheng let out a bark of laughter before dragging Nan Nan into the room.

"There are slippers on the shoe rack. Change into them before entering the house."

Qin Sheng could not be bothered with First Aunt's fake feelings. He did not even have the intention to feign civility with her. He did not even look at the poor-quality slippers. He squatted down, picked up two pairs of shoe covers and put them on for Nan Nan and himself.

"Coming!"

When he walked into the living room, his uncle was sitting on the sofa reading a newspaper. When he saw him, he did not even raise his head. He only swept his gaze slightly and greeted him indifferently, "Sit."

"Uncle."

Qin Luo Sheng called out coldly and stood there without any intention of sitting down.

"Eh? Who's this daughter? She looks quite pretty."

Seemingly sensing that something was wrong with his nephew, Qin Mao put down the newspaper and looked over. When he saw Nan Nan, who was being held by Qin Sheng, his eyes flashed with astonishment. He asked, "Could it be that girl Ling Ling?"

Spirit?

Haha!

"She is Nan Nan, the daughter of Old Lin next door."

Qin Luo replied casually, but his heart was filled with disdain.

After not returning home for so many years, it was not your fault that the neighbor's child could not recognize her. However, Ling Ling was your niece and the sister of your previous self. How could you not recognize her?

"Old Lin?" Qin Mao was confused. "Which Old Lin?"

"Dad!" Just as Qin Sheng was about to explain, the door beside him opened. A tall and slender girl with an appearance that could score 80 points walked out. When she saw Qin Sheng, her slender brows furrowed. She ignored him and called out to Qin Mao, "I have class at 9: 30, send me to school."

"Okay…" Qin Mao subconsciously wanted to agree, but he swallowed the words that were about to come out of his mouth. He said awkwardly, "I need to borrow your cousin's car for a blind date today. Lulu, why don't you take a taxi to school?"

"Blind date?" Qin Lu frowned and looked at her poor cousin, who she had never seen before.

That's right, it was still that hateful gaze in his memory. It hadn't changed at all.

Qin Lu was unhappy, but she did not know what to say. After all, she was still a child who had not stepped out of society and could not compare to her unscrupulous and shrewd mother.

Except.

He was about to give in when he saw Nan Nan.

Jealousy.

Qin Lu was jealous.

She had been pampered by her parents since she was a child and had been raised well. However, it was a pity that her innate qualities were limited. Even with makeup on, she could only score 85 points with her snow-white skin that she was proud of.

Compared to Nan Nan’s alluring beauty, she was like an ugly duckling, unable to lift her head in front of the noble and beautiful swan.

“Dad, the morning class is Professor Hopkins’s open class. The school paid a fortune to get it. There’s only one class, and it’s important. If you don’t send me there, what if there’s a traffic jam and you miss it?”

Qin Lu said coldly, "Cousin is going on a blind date. You can just take a taxi there. There's no difference. It's better to be honest as a person. If you don't have a car, why are you pretending? Are you lying to a girl?"

Qin Qin Sheng almost vomited.

Indeed, if they were not from the same family, they would not enter the same house.

First Aunt, who only heard the knocking on the door when she wasn't at work, was dressed neatly and had her makeup done. Then, she would be late if she didn't drive. If she wanted to block the traffic, what was the difference between driving and taking a taxi?

Haha.

Did he have to come up with such a lousy excuse?

It was either there was something wrong with his head or he did not even try to hide it. It was obvious that he wanted to humiliate Qin Sheng.

"Lulu is right. The curriculum is important. Old Qin, aren't you going to send your daughter to school?" Eldest Aunt Mu Ping hurriedly urged Eldest Uncle. Then, she turned around and looked at Qin Sheng. "Shengzi, look, this is such a coincidence. Why don't you take a taxi? Come, Eldest Aunt will pay for your ride."