Chapter 234: Long Yuan Retreats

"Stars Illumination?"

As the king of the Black Dragon Race and one of the elders of the dragon race, Long Yuan was naturally knowledgeable. He immediately recognized the treasure in Luo Lin's hand.

"I didn't expect you to be so bold."

Long Yuan sighed. "For a mere pest, you didn't hesitate to fight to the death with me. You even risked war between the human race and the dragon race to become the eternal sinner. You even asked for the star map. Could it be that this was your scheme all along? Or is that pest the descendant of your son?"

“No, none of it.” Lorraine shook her head. “Just for the human race. That’s all.”

Long Yuan remained silent.

As shrewd as he was, he knew what Lorraine meant.

This was not an exaggeration.

Most of the time, it was just a small matter in the eyes of ordinary people. The chain reaction caused by it was enough to destroy a nation.

Just like now.

"The human race becoming the ruler of the world doesn't seem to be an inevitable trend. It's just like the rumors. Many powerful races have suffered heavy casualties and you guys have taken advantage of them."

Long Yuan was silent for a long time. As he looked at the troops below him, their banners fluttering in the wind, and the soldiers and civilians of Star Brilliance City who were united as a city, he suddenly let out a long sigh and retracted his dragon's might. "Today, I will give the Human Emperor some face and give the Star Brilliance Diagram a place to settle down. Then, I will drop the matter."

Admit defeat?

The dragon race had given in?

No one could believe their ears.

It was just that he could no longer feel the overwhelming dragon might suppressing him, so he had no choice but to believe it.

The ferocious dragon that had come with the power to destroy the city was actually forced back by the city lord of Star Glory City!

At this moment.

Both the NPCs and players went crazy.

This was simply too ambitious!

"Remember, this face will only last for one day. Tomorrow, I will return. At that time, I hope to hear some good news."

Long Yuan moved and prepared to leave. "If the human race refuses to realize their mistakes and insists on protecting that pest, I will not tolerate it anymore. Whether we fight or reconcile, it is up to you."

"Don't worry, Black Dragon King." Luo Lin stood on the city wall, his clothes fluttering in the wind. He said solemnly, "The Human Race is not unreasonable. Our dynasty is a state of etiquette. If people respect me, I will return them tenfold. Black Dragon King has invaded the territory of our empire and oppressed the Human Race. I will not be threatened."

"However, the cause of this matter was indeed done by us humans. Even if it was a personal act, we have no intention of shirking our responsibility. Just as the Black Dragon King said, one day, one day."

“As a fellow human, our Starlight City will protect him for a day. Tomorrow, we will expel him from the city. After that, this matter will no longer have anything to do with our Starlight City. As long as the Black Dragon King does not violate the laws of our dynasty and does not affect the citizens of our dynasty, everything will be up to you. We will no longer interfere.”

Long Yuan gave Lorraine a long look before disappearing into the clouds.

“Daddy!” Luo Li couldn’t help exclaiming. “We…”

Without waiting for Luo Li to speak, Luo Lin waved his hand and interrupted. He looked at Qin Sheng and said solemnly, "I don't know what you've done or what you've stolen from the Dragon Clan. However, on account of your contributions in the past and your kindness to my Luo Clan, this is all I can do. I hope you can understand."

"Understood." Qin Sheng nodded his head with a smile and bowed respectfully. "Thank you for your protection, City Lord. Tomorrow, I will leave Star Glory City by myself."

"It's good that you understand." Luo Lin nodded. "You're a smart person. You have your own judgment and choices. I won't say much to you. I'm sure you know what to do. I'll only say one thing: live."

"Only by living can there be a future."

"Back then, His Majesty did not hesitate to open the treasury for you and personally give you the [Life Prayer]. It was because he had great expectations for you and believed that you would become the pillar of the dynasty one day."

"Today, the dragon clan came aggressively. I can't protect you. I can only buy you one day's time. After that, everything will depend on you."

"Don't blame us. The empire and His Majesty will not fight the dragon race to the death for you. Even if His Majesty is willing, countless people will object. After all, we are not reasonable in this matter and fighting to the death with the dragon race will only bring harm and no benefits."

"Do you understand?"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head gratefully. "I am deeply indebted to the emperor and am unable to repay him. In the future, if the emperor and the city lord have any orders, they will definitely provide me with a meager amount of strength. I already have some ideas about the Dragon race. Perhaps in the end, I still won't be able to escape the pursuit of the Dragon Abyss. But no matter what, I will definitely give it a try."

“That’s good.”

Luo Lin glanced at Qin Sheng and did not say anything else. He walked straight down the city wall.

“I’m sorry. I—”

With Luo Lin gone and the soldiers gone, only Qin Sheng and Luo Li remained on the city wall.

"Don't say sorry. This is my business. I should be the one taking responsibility."

Qin Luo Sheng's smile was very gentle. He had a very good impression of this girl who was devastatingly beautiful and was both the daughter of the City Lord's Estate and the leader of the Rose Knights.

Back then, they had only met by chance. Even though he had saved her before, Luo Lin had already repaid the debt on his behalf. The Luo Shen Residence, which was worth an astronomical sum, had been given by the Luo Family.

"I understand that father has his difficulties." Luo Li looked at Qin Sheng gently and said firmly, "However, you're my savior. I won't allow anything to happen to you. Let me help you."

"Thank you!" Qin Sheng looked at the girl before him who seemed cold and arrogant but was actually soft and pure inside. He subconsciously reached out and rubbed her head. The moment his hand touched her, he realized how impetuous he was and immediately apologized. "I'm sorry. I don't know why, but this hand doesn't seem to listen to me."

Listen, listen.

Isn't this a f*cking scumbag's speech?

Did he really think she was an idiot?

Who would believe you?

“It’s fine.” Luo Li lowered her head as her voice was as soft as a mosquito. “I believe you.”

Hey.

Luo Li actually believed him?

Even Qin Sheng found it hard to believe.

What a treasure girl.

“This matter involves too much. I can’t let you get involved.” Qin Sheng rejected Luo Li’s insistence. “You should know better than me what the Dragon Lake represents. It’s too dangerous. If anything happens to you, I won’t be able to feel at ease for the rest of my life, nor will I have the face to face the City Lord.”

“No, I must…” Luo Li still did not give up.

"Don't worry. If I didn't have the confidence, I would have returned the item long ago." Qin Sheng interrupted with a chuckle. "I'm not an idiot. Don't tell me I don't even want my life?"

“But…” Lorraine was still worried.

"Take a look. What is this?" Qin Sheng pointed at the [Life Praying] around his neck and chuckled. "With it around, I can't die even if I want to."