Chapter 232: Untitled

"Even if General Luo were to cut me down, I would still say it." Li Huaifeng did not even look at the sword in the forest around his neck. With a calm expression, he said, "If he can sacrifice one person to protect the people, he should feel lucky and die a worthy death. Furthermore, he brought this upon himself. He can't blame anyone."

“Alright, Luo Li, stop arguing.” Qin Sheng spoke up, stopping Zhan Zhan from continuing. He cast a deep glance at the awe-inspiring righteous Li Huaifeng, but didn’t say anything. Turning his head, he looked towards Luo Li, who was frowning slightly, and said with a smile, “One person takes responsibility for his actions, I’ll go.”

“Hmph, at least you have some sense of responsibility.” Li Huaifeng coldly snorted, his expression still cold, unmoved.

“Don’t worry, I’m Luo Li’s benefactor. I… even if Father doesn’t agree, I, Luo Li, will definitely protect your life.” Luo Li bit her lips as her eyes revealed tenderness. “I won’t let anything happen to you.”

“Okay, I believe you.” Qin Sheng’s eyes warmed as he looked at Luo Li and nodded his head.

…

They ascended the city wall.

"Weeping Soul Warrior, I didn't expect it to be you."

Lorraine looked troubled.

Likewise.

Qin Luo and the old Ye Guhong and Gu Qingfeng who were floating in the air had the same expression.

"I'm sorry to trouble the City Lord."

Qin Luo Sheng cupped his hands in apology, somewhat embarrassed.

There was no denying it.

This time it was his problem.

Although taking the dragon egg was not his main concern, he was the one who had done it after all. Furthermore, he had brought such a disaster to Star Glory City, so it was naturally hard to forgive him.

"Why did you…"

Lorraine was disappointed.

In reality, it wasn’t just the emperor who thought highly of this youngster.

At such a young age, he had already displayed the potential of a hidden dragon. In time, he would definitely be able to soar into the sky, the nine continents of the Flying Dragon Special Forces.

With his immense potential and the fact that he had saved his only daughter not too long ago, he was already prepared to take out some of the resources of the Luo Clan to nurture her.

Unexpectedly.

It had only been a few days since they last met, and yet, such a huge mess had been created. Even though he was the city lord of one of the nine main cities of the empire, a duke, and the Luo Clan, which had a history of a thousand years, he was still unable to get over it.

Dragons.

That was a dragon.

The Dragon Tribe was once the most powerful existence on the entire continent, and it was able to suppress all living beings with its might. It was a mighty existence that looked down on all living beings, and even gods had to fear it.

Even though the current ruler of the continent was a human and his overall strength had far surpassed that of the Dragon Race, the Dragon Race was still very powerful. Not to mention Luo Lin, even the Emperor wouldn't dare to break off relations with the Dragon Race.

Besides.

This time, it was not the dragons who were causing trouble, but the humans who had made a mistake.

No one would support a teacher who had no reputation. If he insisted on doing so, not only would it not solve the problem, it would even worsen the situation.

"Despicable vermin, let's see where you can run to today."

As Qin Luo ascended the city walls, Long Yuan naturally saw it immediately. However, he was locked onto by countless auras and did not dare to act rashly.

But.

After waiting for such a long time, Long Yuan was enraged when he saw a bunch of ants making small talk without any intention of handing over the culprit.

He had already suspected that the humans were in cahoots with each other to steal the Dragon Clan's supreme treasure. It was a premeditated act. Otherwise, how could a mere ant appear at the bottom of the precipice without doing anything good? Furthermore, how could he not be intimidated by the Sky Dragon's might and take away the dragon egg under his watch?

Now that he looked at it this way, it was completely like a stone hammer.

"Black Dragon King, stop!"

Seeing that Long Yuan was about to dive down and capture him, Luo Lin's expression was cold. He shouted, "This is the territory of the Human Race. We cannot allow the Dragon Race to behave atrociously."

"City Lord of the Human Tribe, are you trying to cover up for this thief?" Long Yuan stopped in his tracks fearfully. His dragon eyes were filled with rage. "Or is this a scheme of the Human Tribe? Did you order that ant to steal our Dragon Tribe's treasure?"

"This has nothing to do with me or the dynasty." Luo Lin shook his head. "It's all personal. The Black Dragon King didn't think of anything, nor is there any conspiracy. With the Black Dragon's intelligence, it should be very clear."

Long Yuan was silent.

"You're right. I can't think of a reason for humans to plot against the dragon race and become enemies with the dragon race," said Long Yuan. "But so what? No matter what you and the Human Ruler think, it's your people who have committed such evil deeds. I advise you to hand over that pest and this matter will end here. Otherwise, the dragon race will never let this matter rest."

Lorraine:…

"Rest assured, City Lord. I will take responsibility for my own actions. This is a crime I have committed. I will not implicate Star Glory City." Qin Luo Sheng knew that Luo Lin would not be able to withstand the pressure. He smiled and stepped forward.

"Daddy, I, he…" Luo Li panicked when she saw that Qin Sheng was going to throw his life away. She looked at Luo Lin with her beautiful eyes. "He is my benefactor. I will not let anything happen to him."

Lorraine:???

Whose daughter are you?

Why were they siding with the outsiders?

Is this the time to be willful? Can't you see who your enemy is?

If possible, don't I want to protect him?

But the other party had a good reason to do so, and you were the one who made the mistake first. If you don't take the moral high ground, how can I protect you?

“City Lord, there’s no need to make things difficult for me.” Qin Luo Sheng was very touched as he looked at the anxious Luo Li. Giving her a smile, he turned his head towards Luo Lin and earnestly said, “Although this matter was an accident, I did indeed take someone else’s item. However, this item is very important to me. Since it’s in my hands, I’m not prepared to hand it over.”

The big shots standing on the city wall instantly felt their scalps go numb.

Young man.

Did you misunderstand the current situation?

Is this a question of whether you want to hand it over or not?

The Black Dragon King was here personally, so how could you reject him?

Not to mention that he had to return what he had taken, he was afraid that he would not even be able to keep his life. Yet, he was still spouting nonsense?

“Perhaps I’m overestimating myself.” Qin Sheng smiled lightly when he sensed the gazes of everyone around him. He didn’t explain anything and only said, “However, sitting and waiting for death isn’t my style. Even if I’m unable to escape the word ‘death’ in the end, I’ll do my best to try and struggle before death. What if a miracle occurs?”

"Good, you have backbone. This is what a good man of the human race should be like." A big shot in military uniform patted Qin Sheng's shoulder forcefully and gave him a thumbs up. "As expected of a young hero who solved the demons of the mine and resolved the danger of the burial ground. I was right about you."

"You flatter me, General. I was just lucky to meet you at the right time." Qin Sheng clasped his hands in thanks.

"Hahaha…" The general laughed heartily. "You brat, the more I look at you, the more I like you. Do you want to join my army? You have quite a lot of battle merits. I can make the decision to let you be a centurion."

"Thank you for your love. If there's a chance in the future, I'll definitely pay my respects to you," Qin Sheng's eyes lit up as he hurriedly said.

Ever since he completed the hidden mission and obtained battle merits, he had never known what use this thing had. Now that the big fish had come to him on its own accord, how could he not catch it?