Chapter 243: The Descent Of The Dragon Emperor

"The dragons are requesting a truce?"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbstruck. He felt like he was hallucinating.

Since when did the tyrannical dragon race give in?

This was simply baffling.

Isn’t it good to play hide and seek? I’m about to be forced into a desperate situation, and now there’s a truce. Or is it a request? Are you really going to stay still?

"Why? This doesn't make sense!"

Qin Luo asked.

"Hmph!"

Luo Li coldly snorted as she proudly said, “So what if it’s the Dragon Clan? This isn’t the Ancient Era. The Dragon Clan’s era has long passed.”

"Yeah!"

Qin Luo suddenly hammered his hand.

He was wrong.

This was not the real world. Dragons were creatures of imagination, equal to gods.

In this virtual world, the dragon race was strong, but they were only one of the thousands of races. That was all.

Right now, the human race was number one in the world. No matter how strong the dragon race was, they still had to bow down to the human race. Did they really think that the Human Ruler was a pushover by invading the human territory so brazenly?

Luo Li continued, “When the Sky Dragon Pool suppressed the entire Starlight City and caused a huge commotion, the Great General was already extremely unhappy. Yesterday, not only did he not restrain himself, he even went from bad to worse. The dragon nest was opened, and over a hundred dragons flew out of the Dragon Island. Without the permission of His Majesty, they trespassed into the territory of the Empire. This is already equivalent to an invasion, and we’re fighting without announcing it.”

Indeed.

Qin Luo was extremely excited.

The Dragon race was used to being arrogant. Now that an ant like me had disgraced them, they lost their rationality. Furthermore, they were provoked by the king of the Black Dragon race, the Elder of the Dragon race. For them to do something like digging their own graves, the Heavens were really helping them.

"The invasion of the Dragon Race might not have injured a single person, but the turmoil it caused was too great."

Luo Li ignored Qin Sheng’s thoughts and continued, “Furthermore, the Dragon Clan’s actions are completely disregarding the Empire. His Majesty was enraged by this and ordered the Dragon Emperor to take care of his clansmen. Otherwise, he wouldn’t hesitate to start a war with the Dragon Clan. Under pressure, the Dragon Clan had no choice but to call a truce.”

“Then why?”

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but ask, "Why am I still being pursued today?"

"Hehe, then you'll have to ask yourself."

Luo Li chuckled.

“Ask me myself?”

Qin Luo was dumbfounded. "What about me?"

“What happened to you?”

Luo Li snorted, “What do you think you’re doing? Look at the damage you’ve done to the Dragon Clan. There are over a hundred dragons. Aside from the invasion of the Demon Clan in ancient times and the war between the Dragon Clan and the Roc Clan, when has the Dragon Clan ever sent out so many clansmen? Such might is sufficient to easily destroy a small country.”

The corner of Qin Luo's mouth twitched. "This has nothing to do with me. You know that I'm the victim here. I was the one being chased by them."

“Right, right, right. You’re the victim.” Luo Li rolled her eyes at Qin Sheng. “So many clansmen have been dispatched, yet there’s still nothing they can do to you. Who wouldn’t be enraged? The Dragon Clan is extremely furious. Especially Long Yuan, it’s said that he’s been toyed by you to the point that the energy within his body seems to be in disorder, and he’s suffered internal injuries that aren’t light.”

"Serves him right!" Upon hearing this news, Qin Sheng was overjoyed. He said hatefully, "Why didn't he die of anger?"

“Hey, hey, that’s enough. The Dragon Pool is also known as the Black Dragon King, so how can he die so easily?” Luo Li sourly said, “It’s precisely because you made him so furious that he even suffered internal injuries. It’s impossible for him to recover without a period of time, which caused him to be even more enraged. He took advantage of the Dragon Emperor and Human Emperor’s exchange and didn’t give any official orders. Therefore, he seized the opportunity to pursue you even more frantically. It’s today. You should have sensed that the frequency of his pursuit today is much higher than yesterday, right?”

"There's such a thing?" Qin Luo's lips twitched. "In other words, the Dragon Emperor came just now, or rather, he gave an order, which resulted in the dragons to cease their activities. And you only came to inform me now that this matter is over?"

“What else can I do?” Luo Li said with fear written all over her face. “If I don’t have an order, I wouldn’t dare to go against the Dragon Clan.”

Qin Luo was speechless.

I believed your evil.

Girl.

Can you be more serious about acting? Don't be so exaggerated.

If you’re afraid, then at least put away the smile on your face. You’re smiling and saying you’re afraid. Do you think I’m an idiot? You’re really making things difficult for me by doing this. Should I go against my conscience and cooperate with you, or should I speak righteously and criticize you?

“Uh-oh. That’s really upsetting me.”

It was just acting.

Who wouldn't?

As long as I don't feel embarrassed, no one in the world can do anything to me!

Come on.

They were hurting each other.

“Hmph, you’re insincere.” Luo Li rolled her eyes as she sourly said, “Alright, we should return. The matter hasn’t been resolved yet. I’m here under orders, and I’ve already been delayed for a long time.”

"Not yet?" Qin Luo was stunned. "Isn't it already over?"

“Who’s done speaking?” Luo Li replied. “It’s just that the Dragon Monarch met with His Majesty and seemed to have reached an agreement to allow the Dragon Clan to retreat and not pursue you anymore. However, the Dragon Clan’s secret treasure in your hand isn’t finished.”

"No way?" Qin Sheng wanted to cry. "This is too difficult."

First, there was the pursuit of Long Yuan, then the encirclement of a hundred dragons, and finally, there was the Dragon Emperor.

This d * mn system, it doesn't want to die!

“Relax, there’s no need to worry.” Seeing Qin Sheng’s depressed expression, Luo Li consoled, “His Majesty admires you so much, so he won’t do nothing. Don’t worry, even if the Dragon Monarch comes, he won’t take your life. At most, he’ll just beat you up and lock you up for a few days.”

“You’re still laughing?” Qin Luo’s face turned green as he looked at Luo Li, who was covering her mouth and laughing. “I’m about to become a prisoner.”

“Hmph, who told you to be so daring? You even dared to touch the Dragon Clan’s item.” Luo Li snorted. “It’s fine if it’s something else, but the item you’re taking is extremely important. Otherwise, the Dragon Pool wouldn’t have mobilised a hundred dragons to leave the Dragon Nest. Now, even the Dragon Emperor has personally made a move.”

"Alas." Qin Luo sighed and shook his head, resigned to his fate. "It's just fate. Perhaps we won't be able to escape this calamity in the end."

“I’m sorry. My Luo Family is unable to interfere in this matter. Even Father cannot protect you.” Luo Li said with an apologetic expression.

"Don't say sorry." Qin Luo smiled gently. "I owe your Luo Family a lot. If not for the City Lord's strong protection, I would have been killed by Long Yuan the day before yesterday."

“Alright, let’s not talk about this anymore.” Qin Sheng hurriedly interrupted Luo Li when he saw that she wanted to say something else. “Let’s go, let’s go back. I should go meet the Emperor of the Dragon Clan and see how he’s going to deal with me.”

“Okay.” Luo Li nodded her head as her gentle gaze turned sharp. “I only hope that the Dragon Clan doesn’t go overboard. Otherwise…”

… "