Chapter 248: Dragon God Hall

“Then why?”

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

With such an important dragon egg, it was natural for the dragons to go crazy.

Except.

Why didn't the dragon egg, which concerned the rise and fall of the dragon race, be taken away from him immediately and gave him a chance to test it?

"This is also a maxim left behind by the Dragon God."

The Dragon Emperor saw through the meaning in Qin Sheng's eyes and explained to him, "For countless years, our clan has tried everything we could to prevent it from reacting, but you are an existence that has touched it and even bound a bloodline contract with it."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Shit?

There was such a thing?

Could it be that I am the legendary Chosen One?

"The legacy treasure of the Dragon God is of great importance. It is related to the destiny of our dragon race. Our race naturally does not dare to be careless."

The Dragon Monarch continued, “However, you’ve also signed a bloodline contract with it, so perhaps this is an opportunity. For this reason, we old fellows argued for two whole days before we finally set a tone for you to accept the test. If you can’t pass, then return it. If you pass, then prove that you and my race are fated, and that you are the fated person in the Dragon God’s maxim. It will naturally belong to you, and you will also obtain the friendship of my Dragon Clan.”

Qin Qin Sheng finally understood.

Except.

Although he understood, this was not easy to handle.

The system judged the trial of the Dragon race's big shots to be SSS-rank. Wasn't this a f*cking disaster?

"Thank you for clearing my doubts, Dragon Emperor."

Qin Luo took a deep breath. "I'm ready!"

"Alright!"

The Dragon Emperor glanced at the dragons. With a wave of his hand, golden energy burst forth and enveloped Qin Sheng. "Then let's set off now!"

The inner hall opened.

The Dragon Emperor led Qin Sheng away first, followed by a group of dragon clan big shots.

This was a hidden pocket world.

Or rather, the Dragon Tomb.

This was because Qin Sheng had seen countless dragon skeletons along the way. The remnant dragon might was vast and mighty. Not only was it filled with majesty, it was also filled with killing intent. If not for the protection of the Dragon Emperor, not to mention walking, it would be commendable if one did not kneel on the spot.

Soon.

The human and the dragons arrived at their destination.

“This is your training ground, and also our clan’s forbidden area.”

The Dragon Emperor stopped in his tracks, looking at the hundred-meter tall, dazzling galaxy-like portal in front of him, saluting respectfully, “The current Dragon Emperor Ao Chun has brought a fated person with the Dragon God’s maxim to enter the Dragon God Temple and initiate the Dragon God’s Trial. May the heroes of the ancestors agree.”

Instantly.

The dragon tomb trembled.

The corpses of the dragons that had died and were merely exuding the might of their past lives were burning with spirit flames. They floated up and flew over, surrounding Qin Sheng.

"This is?"

Qin Qin Sheng shuddered as goosebumps appeared all over his body.

This feeling was as if he had just entered the Dragon Palace Hall and been locked onto by the eyes of the present generation Dragon Clan big shots.

Buzz…

The spirit fire did not burn for long before it was extinguished very quickly. At the same time, the prying eyes on Qin Luo Sheng's body also disappeared completely. With a slight tremor, the energy on the magic portal in front of him was dispelled. The originally obscure starlight pattern on it seemed to have been activated at this moment and started to circulate rapidly. It was truly as brilliant as the river of stars, beautiful beyond words.

"Thank you, seniors!"

The Dragon Emperor bowed his head in respect to the numerous Dragon Clan elders. Then, he looked at Qin Sheng and said, "Young friend, my clan's seniors have already allowed you to enter the Dragon God Hall. Remember, you only have five hours to pass the test."

"I understand!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, raised his feet, and stepped forward step by step into the magic portal.

Ding… you have entered the special map—Dragon God Palace! '

"Ding, your hidden mission—Dragon race's test has changed. Please proceed to check!"

[Mission Title] The Dragon Race's Test

[Mission Introduction] Because you stole the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, the Dragon Race was furious. In order to retrieve the ultimate treasure, they did not hesitate to start a war between races. The Human Ruler and the Dragon Emperor discussed. In order to prevent the internal conflict between the Human Race and the Dragon Race from being exhausted, the Dragon Emperor would be the leader. He would set up a test for you on the Dragon Island. After completing the test, you would obtain the friendship of the Dragon Race, the right of ownership of the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, and a generous reward.

[Mission Details] Stage One—To Dragon Island (Completed); Stage Two—Dragon God Trial (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] SS

[Mission Time] 4: 59: 51

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

He closed the mission panel.

Qin Luo raised his head and looked around.

This was an empty great hall. It was estimated to be over a hundred meters tall, and its length and width were unknown. This was because it was impossible to see the end of it.

There was nothing in the hall, only luxurious tiles made of crystal of various colors, shining with dazzling starlight.

Other than that, there was also a golden pillar that was about ten meters in diameter in the hall. There was a vivid and lifelike coiling dragon on it every hundred meters. It soared into the sky, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws. It was extremely impressive.

"F*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng was almost blinded by the flash and could not help but swear.

Bloody hell.

Wasn't that too extravagant?

Was this the legendary dragon race?

I got it!

Indeed, it was just as the rumors said.

Crystal laid the ground, gold served as pillars.

How rich was he to dare to do this?

There was no need to talk about the amount. How much would a hundred-meter-tall, ten-meter-tall golden pillar cost in gold coins?

Ten million?

Hundreds of millions?

‘ I don’t understand. I’m not sure. I don’t know.’

Poverty limits my imagination.

Farewell.

"Stop, stop. Money is just a worldly possession. I'm here to pass the trial, not to get rich."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head fiercely, expelling the golden light that filled his eyes. His thoughts turned solemn.

Money was good, but strength was better.

As long as one controlled great power and wealth, wouldn't it be easy to obtain?

Now.

With the dragon egg left behind by the Dragon God in his hand, this was the treasure of the dragon race. As long as he passed the trial and rightfully owned it, it was equivalent to having the "maternal family" of the dragon race as his backing. Not to say that he could get whatever he wanted, but at least, everyone had to give him some face, right?

How could he be blinded by crystals and gold, throw away watermelons and pick up sesame seeds?

"Although there is no hint, there is nothing unusual about this. It is obvious that the test is not here."

Qin Luo stroked his chin as he pondered. "Since that's the case, we can only move forward. -- Time is limited. I don't know what this test is. Whether it's difficult or not, whether we can make it in time, we can't delay."

He walked quickly.

Nothing happened along the way.

Soon.

Qin Luo walked to the end of the hall.

"This is?"

Qin Sheng stopped in his tracks and looked forward, his pupils contracting rapidly.

Dragon Painting.

True Dragon Painting.

A huge palace wall was painted with a dragon.

"Is this the Dragon God?"

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered and his scalp went numb.

In the painting.

The king of the Dragon Race, an incomparably noble five-clawed golden dragon, was currently swimming freely in the chaos of the universe. His incomparably huge dragon body was so long that it was unknown how long it was. One only knew that he used the galaxy as his bath basin and the planet as his pellet, like a god or a saint.

Standing here.

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if he was facing a vast and boundless world. He was as insignificant as gravel and as lowly as an ant. He could not help but want to kneel and kowtow.