Chapter 244: Qin Luo Of The Restless Star Glory City

Star Glory City.

When Qin Luo Li appeared hand in hand, the entire resurrection point instantly went into an uproar, causing a huge commotion.

"Weeping Soul, it's Weeping Soul!"

“This bastard actually dared to appear?”

"Weeping Soul Bastard, return my level and my equipment."

"Everyone, let's attack together. Kill Weeping Soul and drop his equipment."

"…"

Countless people were agitated.

He was restless.

Why?

It was Qin Luo's fault.

His actions of stealing the dragon egg had become the fuse.

First, it was the Black Dragon suppressing the city. Then, it was the appearance of hundreds of dragons. This made the entire Chinese war zone panic.

Money moved people's hearts.

There were many smart people, but there were very few smart and rational people.

The legendary dragon appeared. For NPCs, it was a disaster. But for players, it was a godsend opportunity.

At the current stage, at least 99% of the players had not even seen the appearance of the Boss (with the exception of the dungeon in the trial grounds). Now that they had encountered the ultimate Boss, the True Dragon, they instantly "suffered a brain hemorrhage". Who cared if they could defeat it?

In reality, I was submissive.

Was there a need to cower in the game?

In any case, death was not a real death.

There were so many of them, millions or tens of millions. If they could kill the BOSS, why would they be afraid of him?

Humph.

Sword!

Watch me kill him.

Yet.

It was a pity.

The difference in strength was too great. They were completely different dimensions.

Although there were many Dragon Slayers, the number of warriors who died under the claws of the dragon were countless.

The Dragon could be killed by others, but at least it wasn’t because their group didn’t even have level-20, and had a Silver equipment that could be considered experts.

So—

Thanks to Qin Luo, he had obtained a return scroll from Luo Li, one of the nine main cities. It did not only harm Star Glory City, but also brought benefits to the other eight main cities.

All day.

For the entire day.

The massive Dragon Slaying Operation lasted for an entire day.

The effect was simply explosive.

Under the crazy livestream and the foreign players' acidic actions, the Chinese players fully displayed their bravery and charged fearlessly at the dragons.

But.

The dragon was still there, but what about them?

One after another, they died. If not for the fact that the corpses would be refreshed in time, they would have been piled up like a mountain.

After his brain heated up, his rationality returned.

But what was the point?

His level dropped, his equipment dropped, and his money was gone.

The greed had retreated, but the mistake had been made.

All of them wanted to cry but had no tears as they watched their levels drop drastically.

Those who had a rough idea of what was going on felt that they were unlucky. They learned their lesson and hid at the side to lick their wounds. They got back on their feet and leveled up. Once again.

And some unscrupulous fellows had never thought that they were in the wrong, so they pushed the blame to Qin Sheng. It was all because he was the one who had attracted these dragons. His miserable appearance was obviously caused by the Weeping Soul Beast.

Thus…

Qin Sheng stood up to take responsibility after being used by Mad Thunder and other people with ulterior motives.

Thus…

With the scene just now.

“Bastard, it’s all your fault. Give me back my equipment and pay for my losses.”

"Weeping Soul, you bastard. It's all because of your strange snake formation that my brother is still mentally unstable. I must kill you."

"Everyone, attack together. Don't let Weeping Souls escape."

"Big Boss Weeping Soul, you are my idol. Please sign, please be my friend."

"…"

The riots continued.

Star Glory City, which had once been bustling with activity, was now completely reduced to a marketplace and a land of crusades. Resentment and endless hatred filled the air.

“A bunch of idiots.”

In the face of such a grand and imposing siege, Qin Luo Sheng was expressionless as he looked at the myriad of living beings before him indifferently. His heart was calm and composed.

"Bastard, who gave you the guts to surround the teleportation array?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything, but Luo Li was furious. She pulled out the thin sword at her waist and unleashed her might as a member of the Rose Knights, causing the courage of those who bullied the weak and feared the strong to jump.

"Greetings, Eldest Young Lady!"

The guards had arrived.

Seeing Luo Li, the cold and arrogant guards immediately lowered their heads and respectfully greeted her.

"Maintain the law and order. If something like this happens again, there's no need to stand on ceremony. Everyone, seize the prison and let them reflect."

Luo Li gave a domineering order, “Since this is my first offense, I will be lenient. However, capture those few leaders and sentence them according to the law.”

Instantly.

The expressions of the Thunder Crazy Young Master who was pointed at by Luo Li and the few strangers who stood beside him changed drastically.

“Yes, Missy.”

The guards did not care about what happened in real life. In Starlight City, the Luo Family was the sky. If it was a dragon, you had to coil it up. If it was a tiger, you had to lie down. Miss Luo's orders were the imperial edict.

“No, I’m not convinced.”

Young Master Thunder struggled frantically.

“Don’t move, or I’ll decide that you refuse arrest and have the right to kill you on the spot.”

The guard drew out his saber with a sinister look.

Instantly.

Young Master Thunder was obedient.

"Yo, isn't this Young Master Kuang? I didn't expect our next meeting to be like this."

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng stood up and clicked his tongue teasingly. "I wanted to catch up with my old friend, but it seems like it's not the right time."

Young Master Thunder's face turned green.

"Don't worry, this is just the beginning."

After the teasing, Qin Sheng's face darkened and he said coldly, "Just like what I left in your post, there's still a lot of time in the future. You, the Thunder Union, and some people who want to go against me, Weeping Souls, better be careful."

Finishing his words, Qin Sheng no longer paid any attention to those trash that only knew how to scheme behind others’ backs. Turning his head to look at Luo Li, he transformed into the Sichuan Opera Formation Master, his cold expression turning gentle as he said, “Let’s go!”

"Yes!"

…

City Lord Residence.

Qin Luo Sheng and Luo Li entered together.

In the main hall.

Other than the maidservants waiting on the side, only two people were seated.

One was the City Lord of Star Glory City, the City Lord's Mansion, Luo Lin.

One was a middle-aged man dressed in a white scholarly robe, handsome and refined, like a teacher.

"You're back!"

Seeing Qin Luo Li, Luo Lin smiled and introduced, “Come, pay your respects to the Dragon Emperor.”

Dragon Emperor?

Qin Luo was instantly struck dumb.

Even though he was mentally prepared, he still found it hard to accept.

This was the freaking Dragon Emperor?

Who are you trying to scare?

Where was the domineering aura of the dragon race? Where was the arrogance that disdained all living beings? Where was the dignity that was comparable to a god?

Just him?

No matter how one looked at him, he seemed like an ordinary human. At most, he could be considered a noble. This was because he was truly noble and intimidating, making others feel good about him.