Chapter 246: The Dragon Race'S Test (2)

"A chance, a chance!"

The Dragon Monarch stretched out a finger and solemnly said, “This secret treasure is no small matter. It relates to the prosperity and decline of my clan, and even to the point of survival, which is why my clan is acting so anxious. However, due to certain secrets and proverbs, in the end, this emperor decided to give you a chance. As long as you can pass my clan’s test, it will prove that you are qualified to possess it. If you can’t, then this emperor will have no choice but to forcibly strip you and its bloodline.”

“You must consider carefully. Once the test begins, your bloodline contract with it will be further integrated. At that time, if you succeed, it will be fine. But if you fail, your bloodline spirit root will be completely ruined, and you will become a cripple from then on. The test hasn’t started yet, and you haven’t fused too deeply with its bloodline yet. If you are stripped now, it will only weaken you for a period of time, and you’ll be fine after a year or so. The choice will depend on you!”

"Ding, you have triggered the hidden mission—Dragon race's test. Do you accept? Note: This mission is extremely difficult. With your current strength, the possibility of completing it is less than 1%. Please consider carefully!"

Qin Luo's heart sank.

This d * mn system had never given such a notification before. It seemed like the difficulty of this mission had really exceeded the limit. To the players, it was quite unfriendly. The possibility of completing the mission with less than 1% of the time was simply enough to make them vomit blood.

"System, can you read the mission in advance?"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng had only asked subconsciously. He had not expected the dog system to change its mind and give such a humane answer.

Qin Sheng pulled open the mission panel without any hesitation. He saw the newest mission that was glowing with golden light at a glance. 'Your sister! Golden Legend? This is the highest grade SSS-rank mission!'

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

[Mission Title] The Dragon Race's Test

[Mission Introduction] Because you stole the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, the Dragon Race was furious. In order to retrieve the ultimate treasure, they did not hesitate to start a war between races. The Human Ruler and the Dragon Emperor discussed. In order to prevent the internal conflict between the Human Race and the Dragon Race from being exhausted, the Dragon Emperor would be the leader. He would set up a test for you on the Dragon Island. After completing the test, you would obtain the friendship of the Dragon Race, the right of ownership of the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, and a generous reward.

[Mission Details] Stage One—To Dragon Island (Incomplete)

[Mission Difficulty] SS

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

"This is really quite a headache!"

Qin Luo covered his head with a pained expression.

This mission was simply too tempting.

Everyone knew that.

Dragons were a race that liked to hide treasures.

From the ancient times until now, as the overlord of the continent in the past, the Dragon Clan’s wealth had far surpassed his imagination. Even if he didn’t mention the number, the quality of their wealth was definitely top notch.

If he accepted the mission, not only would he be able to go to the incomparably mysterious Dragon Island, he would also have the opportunity to obtain the friendship of the dragon race. Not only would he be able to turn enemies into friends, but he would also be able to clear his name and obtain the legal rights to the dragon egg. He would also have the so-called "generous reward" that made people drool uncontrollably.

How could they not be moved?

Unfortunately.

The temptation was great, but it was all built on completing the trial of the dragons.

Even the dog system issued a stern warning that the passing rate was less than 1%.

Qin Sheng had never doubted the system's professionalism and seriousness.

Not mentioning anything else, just the three shining S in the mission difficulty alone was enough to explain everything.

"To ascend to the heavens in a single bound, or to a bottomless abyss?"

Qin Qin Sheng was very conflicted.

Completing the quest was undoubtedly going to be a huge leap. From then on, he would be invincible. And this invincibility was not the kind of pseudo invincibility that the players previously had. It was true invincibility. With the support of the Human Emperor and the protection of the Dragon race, it was not a problem for him to do whatever he wanted in this world of fate.

But if the mission failed, it would be over.

What did the Dragon Monarch mean when he said that his bloodline and spirit root were ruined and he was reduced to a cripple?

Qin Qin Sheng was not too sure, but he understood.

According to the players' situation, wasn't this deleting their accounts?

In other words.

This mission was equivalent to risking one's life for one's future.

"Cheers!"

Qin Sheng did not think for too long. He smiled brightly and made up his mind. "Even if I can continue to dominate the world, what's the point of doing so? If I cower in the virtual world, what else can I do? It's not bad that I'm a geek, but I'm still a transmigrator after all. How can I lose face for my seniors? Other people have transmigrated to the dangerous xianxia world. In places like the apocalypse world, they are on the brink of death at any time. Do I have to worry so much when playing games?"

"So what if I fail? At most, I'll start all over again."

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze turned frenzied. "Besides, isn't there still a sliver of a chance to risk my life? So what if it's 1%? It's enough! I, Qin Sheng, will use this 1% chance to fight for a Great Dao of Heaven and Earth, the Cloud Staircase."

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and woke up from his deep thoughts. He raised his head and looked at the Dragon Emperor with a determined expression. "I accept the test!"

“Weeping Soul!” Luo Li exclaimed from the side, her beautiful eyes filled with worry.

“Is that so?” The Dragon Monarch smiled and asked him again, “Are you sure?”

“I’m sure!” Qin Sheng took a glance at Luo Li and gave her a reassuring look. After that, he turned around and looked at the Dragon Emperor again. “I… accept the test!”

“Very good!” The Dragon Monarch smiled. “You’re truly a proud son of heaven of the human race. Regardless of whether you succeed or not, just based on your boldness alone, this emperor has a whole new level of respect for you. As expected of the Human Emperor’s strong support, you’ll definitely become a pillar of great power in the future.”

"Human Emperor is too kind, too kind," Qin Sheng said humbly. He looked at Luo Lin and said, "Please thank Your Majesty on my behalf, City Lord. I will remember this kindness in my heart. If I have any requests in the future, I will definitely do my best to repay them."

"I understand. I will pass on the words of the Weeping Soul Warrior to His Majesty." Luo Lin stroked his beard and said solemnly, "You are a proud son of heaven of the Human Race. However, even a proud son of heaven needs to be polished. To you, this test is like a carp leaping over the dragon's gate. You must grasp it well and try your best to forge a path that leads to the heavens."

"Weeping Soul Grounds, thank you for your guidance, City Lord." Qin Sheng nodded, coughed, and bowed respectfully to his father-in-law.

"Yes, you are worthy of being taught." Luo Lin nodded with satisfaction. He then said, "You are like a nephew to me. In that case, I will say one more thing. Perhaps the Dragon Tribe's test is too early for you. You must have the mentality of failure. Even if you fail, it's fine. There are no hurdles in life that you can't overcome. As long as you don't give up, there will always be a chance for you to start all over again. Remember, don't be arrogant when you win but don't be discouraged when you lose."

"My soul will remember your words." Qin Luo continued his bow.

"Dragon Emperor, thank you for giving me this opportunity." Qin Sheng looked at Dragon Emperor and bowed slightly. "I wonder when we will set off and what I need to prepare?"

“There’s no need to make any preparations. My clan will make it easy for you to handle other miscellaneous matters. You just need to focus all your energy on the test.” The Dragon Monarch smiled and said, “Since you’re already prepared, then let’s set off immediately.”

“Okay.”

Looking at the backs of the Dragon Monarch and Qin Sheng, Luo Li, who had been silent all this while, suddenly took a few steps forward and called out, “Weeping Soul!”

Qin Luo turned around and looked at Luo Li, who had her hands clasped before her chest. Luo Li, who was usually valiant, had become tender and gentle. Facing her eyes that were like ripples in clear water, her beautiful eyes were filled with worry at this moment as she spoke in a confident and gentle voice, “Wait for my return!”

"Yes!"

Luo Li heavily nodded her head, her voice sobbing as tears spilled onto the ground. However, a faint smile appeared on her face, akin to the blossoming of a peony, or the blooming of a snow lotus, causing Qin Luo’s heaven and earth to pale in comparison.