Chapter 245: The Dragon Race'S Test (1)

"Humans are indeed blessed by the heavens."

Qin Sheng was sizing up the Dragon Emperor, and the latter was naturally sizing him up as well. After staring at him for a long while, he suddenly sighed and said, "He's so young, yet he's actually so heroic. Truly inconceivable."

"Dragon Emperor, thank you."

Luo Lin stroked his beard and said humbly, "This brat is just a weakling. If it weren't for the magnanimity of the Dragon Tribe, how could he have survived until today?"

"City Lord Luo is too polite."

The Dragon Monarch shook his head and said seriously, “It’s true that the human race is innately weak and cannot compare to our dragon race, but the future of the human race is limitless. Under such conditions and aptitude, what the human race values the most is not the footwork, but other things. This little friend has karmic luck, a shrewd mind, a steady heart, a firm will, and an unyielding heart. In addition, he is not flustered in the face of danger and is extremely tenacious. He will definitely become an outstanding person in the future.”

Shit?

Am I that good?

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

If it were anyone else, Qin Sheng could still treat this as bootlicking, but who was this great master before him? The Dragon Emperor. Damn it, did he need to deliberately bootlick others? Even the Human Emperor probably did not have this right!

“Many thanks for the Dragon Monarch’s favor.”

Everyone carried flowers and sedan chairs.

Regardless of what the Dragon Emperor was thinking, his beautiful words at least showed that he had given Qin Luo sufficient face. Qin Sheng was not that kind of boss. He was the second son of the Dragon Emperor, an insufferably arrogant fool. Naturally, he knew how to judge the situation and not kneel down to lick the Dragon Emperor's boots. He only thanked him in a manner that was neither servile nor overbearing.

"This matter has caused a huge ruckus and both parties are at fault. I did not restrain my clansmen well and caused the dragon nest to open wide and invade the human race. This is the fault of the dragon race. When I return to the dragon island, I will punish according to the clan rules. However, the root of this matter is indeed you."

After the small talk ended, the Dragon Monarch straightened his face and entered the main topic.

"Is he here?"

Qin Qin Sheng’s heart trembled as he took a deep breath, preparing himself for the incoming storm.

At this moment.

There was no other way.

They were meat on someone's chopping board.

This was because he was too weak. He could only leave his fate in the hands of others to decide for him.

"I have discussed this with the Human Ruler. Since this matter has already developed to this point, we cannot allow it to continue. The Dragon race and the Human race should be the ones to discuss this matter together.”

The Dragon Monarch continued, “This emperor used a secret technique to trace back to the source and knew the cause and effect. This emperor understood that you were not spying on our clan’s supreme treasure with a purpose, and had only obtained it by accident. Since that’s the case, there is naturally the will of the heavens, so perhaps you and our clan are fated. This emperor sees that you have already signed a bloodline contract with this treasure, and you already have the blood of a true dragon in your body. This way, you can be considered half a clansman of my clan.”

True dragon's blood?

Luo Lin and Luo Li were shocked.

They were not as inexperienced as Qin Sheng. They could be said to be experienced and knowledgeable. Naturally, they knew many secrets and understood what this meant.

The dragon race used to be the overlord of heaven and earth. They reigned supreme across the continent and were invincible. Even though the world had changed and it was now the world of the human race, no race dared to look down on the dragon race, not even the human race.

The Dragon race had always been powerful, invincible, True Gods, and other paramount titles that had never changed.

From ancient times until now, there were countless races that yearned for the Dragon race. However, the Dragon race was arrogant and disdained mediocre people. Let alone befriending them and obtaining the power of the Dragon race, even entering the eyes of the Dragon race was impossible.

There were many ways for outsiders to obtain the power of the dragon race. The highest level was undoubtedly the bloodline contract.

The human race revered purebloods. Not only did they not marry from other races, but they also did not marry from their own race. They would not choose outsiders, much less mixed-bloods (mixed-bloods). To the extreme, intermarriage was only chosen from their relatives. For instance, blood-related cousins, blood-related cousins, and sisters. They would only marry for babies with pure bloodlines. They would worship the clan, awaken their ancestral blood, and obtain their ancestral strength.

This was the case for the human race, not to mention the ancient races that were much older than the human race.

Bloodline Contract.

That was merging their blood and merging it into their bodies, becoming a symbiotic body!

This was the supreme peace pact.

It was also the highest level contract that the dragon race knew and could bind to other races.

The human race had existed for countless years, and the number of prodigies was like the sand in the Ganges River. There were countless of them, and there were also quite a few who were related to the Dragon race. However, those who could bind a bloodline contract with the proud Dragon race could be counted on one hand.

And there was one in front of him.

How could Luo Lin and Luo Li not be shocked?

“Perhaps you do not know that this treasure is even more important to our clan than me, the Dragon Monarch.”

The Dragon Emperor's words shocked Qin Sheng and the other two. Before they could question him, the Dragon Emperor continued, "Hence, during our clan's discussion, even the Grand Elder and the elders of the various clans who had been cultivating in seclusion for countless years appeared. They set the tone that even if the Dragon Island was cleared and the Dragon Clan were to go all out and wage war against the entire continent, they would still take back this treasure."

Qin Luo was drenched in cold sweat.

He had originally thought that it was just a dragon egg. Even if it was important, it was nothing.

Unexpectedly.

This dragon egg was actually so terrifying. It was simply a hot potato. No, it was completely a nuclear bomb.

Because of it, the dragon race did not even hesitate to fight a bloody battle against the entire continent.

This was too terrifying!

"It has been a long time since the war between the ancient gods and devils. The devils that were left behind on the continent have been moving around frequently recently. They are eager to start another war."

The Dragon Emperor ignored Qin Sheng, who had a complicated expression on his face, and continued the topic. "There are many secrets in there that This Emperor is not at liberty to reveal. However, after conversing with the Human Emperor, This Emperor retracted the idea of forcibly depriving you of the secret treasure, but it would be difficult to explain it to my clansmen. Thus, This Emperor thought of a compromise."

"What method?" Qin Luo asked anxiously.

Qin Sheng would never give up the slightest chance.

He knew very well.

Taking away such a dragon egg that the dragon race valued greatly, even if he was lucky enough to escape the three days of pursuit of the Dragon Abyss, hatched the dragon egg himself, and cut off his aura lock, this way, he would completely become enemies with the dragon race.

Being targeted by a terrifying race like the dragon race was not a good thing. Who knew when a dragon would suddenly appear and directly kill him. One had to know that because he snatched the dragon egg, the dragon race now had a favorable impression of him -10,000. Their relationship was absolutely irreconcilable. Once they met, they would fight to the death.

Although as a player, he would not really die even if he died, and after hatching the dragon egg, it was completely tied to him, and the dragon race could not take it away anymore, who was willing to have such a terrifying enemy for no reason?

At this moment.

With the appearance of the Dragon Emperor, another Human Emperor helped him memorize the books.

If he did not seize this opportunity to get a legal certificate, would he really be hunted by the dragons for the rest of his life?