Chapter 242: Dragon Race, Requesting A Truce

The next day.

When Qin Qin Sheng woke up, it was already past ten in the morning.

She touched her stomach and realized that she was still a little full.

Yesterday, he had dragged Nan Nan along for supper. They had dried 10 catties of crayfish and 500 yuan worth of barbeque in seven packaged boxes. He was so stuffed that he almost vomited.

If it was in the past, he would definitely feel sick to his stomach the next day after eating so much late at night and drinking so much ice-cold water.

Still.

After being strengthened, Qin Sheng's physical fitness was extremely terrifying. This was nothing.

"That's great. With an iron stomach, you can eat whatever you want and drink whatever you want in the future. You don't have to worry about your stomach being unable to take it anymore."

Get up.

After washing up.

Breakfast.

Although he had an iron stomach, he was still familiar with the pace of life. This was a habit that he had developed over a long period of time. He could not change it just like that.

Soup dumplings, intestinal powder, fried dough sticks and sesame seeds, and a few Herbal Tea Eggs.

Along with vegetable porridge and hot soybean milk.

Comfortable.

After breakfast, it was 11 o'clock.

Qin Luo Sheng did not go out. He simply walked around the house twice and stood there for more than half an hour before taking a shower and returning to his room.

She played with her phone for a while and only entered the game when it was 12 o'clock.

…

In the virtual world.

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared on the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

Beep beep…

As soon as he got online, his communicator rang.

"Brother Weihun, you're here? I'm at the entrance of Hidden Dragon Pavilion right now."

Yatu sent a call in time.

“Sure. I’ll be right down.”

Qin Luo, who possessed the bloodline of a true dragon, sensed the aura of the Dragon Abyss the moment he came online. It was not far from Starlight City. He did not dare delay any longer and left hurriedly to meet up with Yatu.

Ding… you are trading with Player Yatu! '

Ding… You have lost [Death Fang] and [Hell Scepter]. You have obtained the return scroll * 328! '

"CNM, do you have to push me so hard? Can you let me catch my breath?—Brother Yatu, I'll leave first. The debt collectors are here again!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes as he looked at the Dragon Abyss Body that had already appeared in his field of vision. He almost could not hold back his curses as he resisted the urge to spit out a fragrant scent. After greeting Yatu, he hurriedly took out a return scroll, tore it apart, and left Star Brilliance City.

…

Four hours later.

Qin Sheng, who had been chased to the point of no return, had spent more than two hundred return scrolls and was at the end of his rope. He would be finished in an hour at most.

Now.

The range of Qin Luo Sheng's movement was getting smaller, and the area occupied by the dragon race was getting wider. From the very beginning, the return scroll could drag on for at least ten to twenty minutes. Now, he had to use one every minute.

Swoosh…

Even though he knew that this was only a slow death, Qin Sheng was unwilling to give up. Just as he gritted his teeth and was about to leave, a beam of light suddenly appeared beside him.

“Who?”

Qin Luo's heart turned cold instantly.

If anything happened at this time, they would definitely be held back.

He had already used the space jump just now and was in the CD stage. He could only rely on the return scroll to avoid being hunted down. But who would give him 10 seconds of cast time?

Sigh.

Wait for death.

It was hopeless.

It was already cold.

“Don’t do it. It’s me.”

Just as Qin Luo pulled out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in grief and indignation and prepared to fight to the death, a familiar voice made him stop.

“Luo Li, why is it you?”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the girl walking out of the teleportation array in astonishment, his face filled with disbelief.

"Why? Are you unwilling to see me?"

Luo Li leaned forward with her hands behind her back and smiled.

"No." His cute appearance and charming demeanor made Qin Sheng, who had never had such intimate contact with a girl before, panic. He hurriedly waved his hands and said in a flustered manner, "It's just, it's just a little unexpected.—How did you find me?"

“Ah, that…” A trace of redness instantly appeared on Luo Li’s smiling face. Her gaze shifted away, not daring to look at Qin Sheng as she stammered, “It’s nothing much. It’s… it’s the last time I tied a knot on your body.”

"Settle?"

Qin Luo was baffled.

Get married?

What was that?

“Aiya, don’t ask anymore.” Luo Li’s rosy cheeks swelled up as she felt somewhat embarrassed and angry.

If you don't ask, then don't ask. Why are you angry?

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat baffled.

Still.

His EQ was low but his IQ was not low. He wisely chose to skip this topic.

"What are you doing here? Hurry up and leave. The dragon chasing me is coming again."

Sensing the dragon's might approaching, Qin Luo's expression changed slightly. "Leave quickly. I can't drag you into this."

Luo Lin was already very generous. On the first day, it was all thanks to him that he retreated from the Dragon Abyss. Otherwise, the mission would have been 'o'.

It wouldn't have lasted until now.

"Alright, it's over."

Luo Li smiled as she looked at Qin Luo’s anxious face.

"It's over?"

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned. "What do you mean?"

"Literally."

Luo Li covered her mouth and lightly smiled. “You’ve been playing around with the Dragon Clan for the past two days. The Dragon Clan nearly went crazy.”

Qin Luo was speechless.

How could he be blamed?

The Dragon race was already amazing with just one Dragon Abyss, yet they had to send so many dragons to hunt them down. They were simply shameless to the extreme.

"After this incident, you've become famous."

Luo Li replied, “To be able to toy with the Dragon Clan to such an extent, no one has been able to do so since ancient times. Not only does His Majesty have a whole new level of respect for you, the other clans are also secretly paying attention to you. In the future, when you travel around, you might even encounter other clans. You might even be able to use this matter to make some profit.”

“What are you playing around for?”

Qin Luo complained, "I'm being chased like a grandson. It's too ugly. This is a dark history, not something worth showing off."

"Alright, then I won't say anymore."

Luo Li said with a serious expression, “Let’s go back to the Star Brilliance City.”

“Return to Starlight City?”

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head repeatedly. "No, no. The City Lord has already done his best. I can't implicate Star Brilliance City.—You should leave quickly too. Otherwise, if you come with me, when the dragon race goes crazy, they won't care about your identity."

"Okay."

Luo Li waved her hand. Upon seeing Qin Luo’s flustered appearance, Luo Sheng smiled so much that his eyes narrowed. “If you really don’t have any orders, daddy won’t let me come and find you.”

"Could it be that there's a turning point?"

Qin Luo was somewhat perturbed.

“Of course.” Luo Li brushed her hair that was messed up by the wind and said with a serious expression, “Dragon Clan, request a truce!”