Chapter 240: Despair

"Sigh, it's really hard for me."

Qin Luo opened the rankings board.

A glance.

Looking at him, who was originally leading by two levels, his advantage now was almost negligible. He could not help but sigh.

Yatu was originally only Level 18, but yesterday, he had already entered the Level 19 area. If he did not slack off today, he would definitely reach Level 20.

They were on the same level today.

She would surpass him tomorrow.

How could he tolerate this?

But what else could he do?

Could it be that he would dare to divert his attention to cause trouble while being pursued by Long Yuan?

Fortunately.

These days wouldn't last long either.

Today was over. Tomorrow was the last day.

Right now, Qin Sheng only hoped that the heavens would open its eyes and stop tormenting this adorable newbie.

"I'm only level 20, brother. A terrifying existence like Long Yuan shouldn't appear in my eyes. It's too early."

An hour later.

“Again. Again.”

Qin Luo Sheng looked longingly at the Level 25 Tiger that was wandering in front of him. He put away the Coiling Dragon Liquid and Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, skillfully took out a return scroll and tore it apart.

“This B thing is really haunting.”

Glancing at Long Yuan's massive body in the distance, Qin Sheng was somewhat displeased. "Brother, why bother when you can't catch me? Does it feel good to be toyed with like a monkey by me? I only need a return scroll for two hours of traveling and ten seconds of chanting. Why bother?"

…

White light flashed.

Qin Luo Sheng once again teleported from the mountain forest of the Southernmost Region to the village of the plains in the far west.

"What's going on?"

Just as Qin Luo was about to run to the plains outside the village to see if he could seize the opportunity to kill a few monsters to replenish his experience, he suddenly felt a vast dragon's might not far ahead.

"This is… Long Yuan?”

Qin Luo Sheng widened his eyes in shock, then shook his head and denied, "No, it's not the Dragon Abyss. I remember the Dragon Abyss's aura very clearly. It's somewhat similar to the power of darkness, and this aura is scorching and violent. It's completely different."

“Human vermin, you dare to steal our Dragon Clan’s supreme treasure? Hurry up and hand it over, this noble one can let you die a quick death.”

Not long after, a fire dragon covered in flames flew over. The violent fire elements not only dyed the sky red, but also burned the water molecules in the space, causing the temperature to rise rapidly.

“MLGBD. I knew it couldn’t be that simple.”

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth in anger. "Dog Dragon Abyss, how shameless can you be? Not only are you bullying the weak, you're even asking for external help?"

"Please spare my life, Dragon God."

"Lord Dragon God, please put out your thunderous anger for now. We can offer livestock as sacrifices."

“Mother, I’m afraid.”

"Foreigner, did you offend the Dragon God? Quickly kneel down and apologize."

"…"

The appearance of the fire dragon immediately threw the peaceful village into chaos. The villagers in tattered clothes knelt down and kowtowed continuously. Their begging looks were as humble as grass.

"Sigh!"

In the face of everyone's criticism, Qin Sheng did not have any reaction. It was just that his heart was in a mess and he felt very upset.

"Sorry!"

Glancing at the Fire Dragon that was high up in the air like a god and Buddha, and then at the villagers who were kneeling and begging for mercy, Qin Sheng apologized silently before activating his skill without hesitation, "Spatial Jump."

"Is this the spatial ability that Long Yuan mentioned? This kid is indeed not simple. No wonder he was able to break through the seal of our race and steal the secret treasure."

Looking at Qin Sheng's disappearing figure, the fire dragon's eyes flickered. "However, I want to see where you can run to. You must know that I'm not the only one invited by the Dragon Abyss."

…

"I was too careless!"

Qin Luo Sheng landed pathetically with an extremely ugly expression. "Never would I have thought that the Dragon Abyss would have such a move. Fortunately, I was well-prepared back then and did not underestimate the dog system's despicable nature. As expected, after calculating thousands of gold and the [Netherworld Scepter], the effort of nearly ten million yuan was not in vain."

"Now, I have to plan properly. Otherwise, once I jump into the trap set by Dragon Abyss, I will definitely be done for. In the hour that the space jump cools down, I can only use the return scroll to avoid the pursuit of the dragons. However, the return scroll requires 10 seconds of chanting. If it is too long, it will be easily interrupted."

Qin Luo pondered to himself. "Next, think carefully about where we should fly to."

"The four furthest places from us definitely won't work. There must be dragons waiting for us."

Frowning, Qin Sheng's brain started working at high speed. "And the nine main cities of the human race shouldn't be able to go either. Even without the dragon race guarding them, they must be hovering not far from the city. They can only go back at the most critical moment and rely on the advantages of the main cities to resist for the time being. Not to mention for a long time, at least ten seconds of channeling time with the return scroll is definitely enough."

Looking at the time.

There were about four hours left.

"Phew… I just hope that the dog system doesn't go too far."

Qin Luo let out a long breath, his expression dark and unclear. "I wonder if the hundred returning scrolls from various places can last?"

Half an hour later.

Dragon might descended.

"It's different from the dragon might of the dragon and fire dragon. Is this another dragon?"

Qin Luo's face was as dark as water. "I was really careless. If I had known earlier, I should have prepared more. This is only the second day. I wonder if I can avoid it today. What about tomorrow? The difficulty will definitely be even higher."

He took out a return scroll.

Torn apart.

In a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in a secondary city 300 kilometers away from Tu Yao City.

Ten minutes later.

An unfamiliar dragon might appeared.

He took out another returning scroll.

Torn apart.

In a town 500 kilometers south of Mu Yao City.

Ten minutes later.

Another unfamiliar dragon might appeared.

Again.

…

Four hours later.

After more than twenty rounds of Qin Sheng, the game finally ended.

“That’s it. It’s gone.”

Although his plan had succeeded and he had perfectly avoided the pursuit of the dragon race, Qin Sheng had no intention of being happy because there was nothing he could do.

He escaped today, but what about tomorrow?

Tomorrow was really hopeless.

Initially, it could be dragged on for two hours.

But as the Dragon Abyss summoned other dragons, it greatly compressed the space for Qin Sheng to escape.

Two hours to one and a half hours, one hour to one hour, one hour to half an hour…

The more he dragged it out, the more frequently he used returning scrolls.

If not for the time limit of the game, Qin Sheng would basically have no place to run after another four or five hours. This was because the places he had run to were occupied by the dragon race. Those places he had not run to were not far from where the dragon race had appeared. As long as he appeared, they would be able to chase after him very quickly.

"This time, it's really over."

Qin Luo, who had run out of tricks, let out an indignant cry.