Chapter 247: Dragon Island

The ancestral vein of the ten continents, the dragon from the three islands.

He was referring to Flowerfruit Mountain.

Qin Sheng of Flowerfruit Mountain had never seen it before.

Yet.

He looked at the Dragon Island below him. The auspicious clouds, mutant beasts, rainbow light, spirit springs, strange peaks, and so on all reflected each other. It was no different from the legendary Grotto-heavens and Blessed Lands. He reckoned that Flowerfruit Mountain wouldn't be much better.

"As expected of the dragon race. A starving camel is still bigger than a horse. Even though they gave up their position as the overlord, their foundation is really deep!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but praise, "Other things aside, just the Dragon Island alone has already surpassed 99.9% of the other races. On this, even if one does not cultivate and only sleeps every day, the dense Spirit Qi can allow a mortal pig to evolve into a Boss, let alone the gifted dragon race? Unfortunately, the breeding of the dragon race is too difficult, causing the number of clansmen to gradually decrease. Furthermore, due to war and other factors, the number of clansmen has also decreased. Otherwise, there would really be no one to deal with. After all, the innate difference is really too great."

"Welcome back, Emperor!"

"Welcome back, Emperor!"

"Welcome back, Emperor!"

"…"

A dragon's roar suddenly sounded.

"Let's go!"

The Dragon Emperor waved his hand, opened the restriction, and brought Qin Luo down.

“Your Majesty, is there a city on Dragon Island?”

As Qin Luo flew past the sky, he seemed to vaguely see the city and was instantly shocked.

“Of course.”

The Dragon Emperor smiled and explained, “Dragon Island doesn’t only have my dragon clan. There are also many other clans that are attached to my clan, as well as many half-dragon people and half-dragon beasts that contain my dragon clan’s bloodline. Most of them are the descendants of warriors that had once signed a contract with my dragon clan. They were brought to Dragon Island and received the protection of my dragon clan.”

Qin Luo was speechless.

Because he was already stunned.

The clouds dispersed, and a huge city that stretched for thousands of miles was completely reflected in his eyes.

It was majestic, majestic, vast…

It was indescribable.

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

"…"

It flew past at a low altitude.

Countless living beings within the Dragon City knelt on the ground and bowed their heads in the most pious manner to welcome the return of the Dragon Emperor of the Dragon Island.

"Isn't this too spectacular?"

Qin Sheng's blood boiled at the sight.

He finally understood why men were so obsessed with power. Who wouldn't want to be so powerful and domineering?

Into the Dragon City.

Dragon Emperor and Qin Sheng landed in front of a great hall. On it was written: Dragon Palace Hall!

He pushed open the giant door that was over a thousand feet tall and entered.

Instantly.

Streams of incomparably powerful aura locked onto Qin Sheng, causing his entire body to stiffen. It was as if he was being stared at by numerous prehistoric beasts, and he didn't dare to move at all.

"Is this the reckless vermin of the human race?"

A middle-aged man in a long red robe walked over with a pace that seemed as if he didn't care about his family at all. He narrowed his eyes and sized up Qin Sheng before saying in a very irritable manner, "My emperor, hand him over to me. I guarantee that I will take back my clan's treasure completely."

"Enough, stop scaring him."

The Dragon Emperor swept his gaze over the numerous elders, clan elders, and Dragon King. He said, “Since everyone has already discussed the rules, let’s not waste any more time. There’s still about five hours left. If we miss this opportunity, the supreme treasure will completely fuse with him and we really won’t be able to return.”

The dragons were speechless.

“Time is of the essence. The test will begin immediately.”

After convincing the dragons, the Dragon Emperor turned to Qin Sheng and asked solemnly, "Are you ready?"

"Of course!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his hair stand on end from all the big shots looking at him. However, at this point in time, there was already no way out. He immediately nodded and replied with a similarly solemn expression, "I'll follow your instructions!"

"Very good!"

The Dragon Monarch smiled in satisfaction, “You don’t need to be nervous. This test is very simple.”

Simple?

How simple was it?

Qin Luo rolled his eyes.

How could anything related to dragons be simple? Did they really think that I was a newbie who knew nothing?

"Perhaps you are also puzzled as to why our race would value a dragon egg so highly."

The Dragon Emperor pretended not to see Qin Luo Sheng's small actions and patiently explained to him, "The dragon race is naturally gifted and powerful. Other than a few races, no one can surpass us. However, there are two sides to everything. The Heavenly Dao is supreme and the dragon race is loved by the Sky Bearing Empire. Thus, it is extremely difficult for the dragon race to give birth to a bloodline, resulting in a thin population. Naturally, we will place great importance on our descendants, especially the dragon egg."

Qin Luo nodded.

This was not a secret. All the living beings on the continent knew about it.

Just as the Dragon Emperor had said.

The dragon race was blessed by the heavens. Not only did they have a powerful body, a dragon's might that could intimidate all living beings, but they also had extremely mysterious dragon language magic and so on. If one were to calculate carefully, there were almost no major weaknesses.

Besides.

These abilities were not like most races that relied on their own willpower and opportunities to endure hardships. They cultivated step by step, bit by bit. They were born with these abilities. Their cultivation on the plane was also extremely simple. They only needed to sleep. This was because most of the abilities of the dragon race were inherited from the race that was engraved in their bloodline. They just needed to sleep and comprehend it.

Such an existence was a complete bug!

Fortunately…

The dragon race was strong, but it was precisely because they were too strong that the chances of them combining and giving birth to offspring were negligible. Even if the dragon race had an extremely long lifespan, the efforts of two dragons over ten thousand years might not necessarily be able to give birth.

Too miserable!

“Even though our race is proud, it’s not that we can’t tolerate outsiders. It’s extremely difficult to breed true dragons, but if we combine them with other races, the chances of breeding them will be very high.”

The Dragon Emperor said, "In the past, there were many human elites who signed contracts with my race. Although most of them were mixed-blood pseudo-dragons, there were also many True Dragons who were subdued by the spirit of the human elites and became comrades-in-arms. You are the last human race with talent and potential that This Emperor has seen in recent years. Logically speaking, letting a dragon egg bind a bloodline contract to you is also fine. Unfortunately, this dragon egg is no ordinary dragon egg."

"Please enlighten me, Dragon Emperor!"

Qin Luo Sheng said solemnly, "At that time, I was heading to the ridge to pick the sunflower. Because I accidentally touched the mountain giant, I was knocked off the cliff and saw the sacrificial altar. I managed to get my hands on the dragon egg. Since the dragon egg is so precious, why didn't I place it on the dragon island but on the other side?"

"Since fate has brought us together, there's no harm in telling you."

The Dragon Monarch said, “Because that dragon egg was left behind by the Dragon God. According to the Dragon God’s maxim, it concerns the rise and fall of our race, and even our survival. Because of a special reason, it will only die if it is placed on the Dragon Island, so it can only be stored in the forbidden land chosen by the Dragon God and worshiped on the Dragon God Altar to preserve life.”