Chapter 241: You'Ve Succeeded In Memorizing My Small Book

Three minutes to the end of the game.

Qin Luo took a deep breath and tore the return scroll from Star Glory City.

White light flashed.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the familiar city. He did not care that he had been chased by the dragon race for ten hours. The entire Fate World was in an uproar. The people who were waiting at the resurrection point in the city had gloomy expressions. They pushed through the crowd and left in large strides.

He switched on the communicator.

He dialed Jatu.

"Brother Weeping Soul, is it over?"

After two beeps, Yatu quickly picked up the call.

"Today is over."

Qin Luo replied, "But there's still a day tomorrow."

"That's really bad!"

Yatu exclaimed.

"How's my business?"

Qin Luo's mind was in a mess. Coupled with the limited time he had, he did not have any intention of gossiping and went straight to the point.

“Yes, I’ve already given the order. The Elegance Room is now fully operational, and it’s even fiercer than yesterday. Once we’re online tomorrow, we’ll be able to obtain at least a return scroll from all the towns and villages within a radius of 2,000 miles around the nine main cities. As for the other places, because they’re very remote to begin with, if we go deeper, either the terrain will be dangerous or there’ll be monsters guarding them that we can’t defeat at this stage. It’s hard to guarantee.”

Is that all?

Not enough.

Far from enough.

Only, Qin Sheng knew that Ya Tu had already done his best.

Those who could be sent out to search for places that players had not yet been to and purchase the returning scroll were definitely first-tier and second-tier elites.

Initially, it was already inappropriate for such elites to give up leveling up time. It would greatly affect the overall strength of the pavilion, causing them to fall behind the other guilds. In addition, if an accident happened, they would die and lose their equipment. That would make things worse.

This favor was too much!

"Thank you."

Even Qin Sheng, who had thousands of words to say, could not utter a single word of thanks. This had already exceeded the scope of verbal gratitude. He could only silently remember it in his heart and say gratefully, "Although it's somewhat useless, the Death Fang and the Netherworld Scepter will be handed over to you after tomorrow as an insignificant reward. At the same time, I owe you a favor."

"Understood!"

Yatu said, “If that’s the case, then I won’t stand on ceremony. I guarantee that I’ll arrange everything clearly for you.”

"Deal."

Qin Luo let out a shaky breath. "I'll wait for your good news.—Tomorrow at noon, I'll come online on time. When the time comes, you can come to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. I don't have much time, so I must make the transaction immediately."

"Oh, no problem."

Yatu replied and hung up.

"Ding, you only have 30 seconds left in the game. Please find a safe place to go offline as soon as possible. After 30 seconds, the system will forcefully kick you out of the world of destiny!"

Ignoring the notification from the system, Qin Luo Sheng silently ran to the area of Hidden Dragon Pavilion. He activated the store owner's authority and teleported to the second floor. Then, he quietly waited for the game time to end before he was kicked offline by the system.

…

In the real world.

Qin Sheng took off his gaming helmet and opened the curtains. As he looked at the night view of Shanghai with the neon lights flashing, his eyes were a little dazed and his thoughts were elsewhere.

"That's true. I'm a little unhappy!"

Ever since he entered the Fated World, things had always been smooth-sailing. This time, he was being chased around like a dog by Qin Sheng. The grievance in his heart was about to turn into a disease.

Qin Luo Sheng took out a can of frozen Happy Fat Otaku Water from the fridge and gulped down half of it in one go. As the bubbles jumped in his mouth, a line of ice-cold water slid down his esophagus and entered his stomach. Instantly, he felt a chill in his heart, and his heart soared. He felt thoroughly refreshed.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo let out a long sigh and burped. Only then did he feel the gloominess in his heart lessen slightly, and he felt much better.

He turned on his tablet.

He entered the official website skillfully.

His fingers slid.

Realizing that the official forum had exploded, Weeping Souls occupied the absolute theme. At least 90 of the top 100 posts were related to Weeping Souls.

"Oh? This is—The Danger brought by 'The Weeping Soul'?"

Qin Luo Sheng saw an eye-catching post and clicked on it with interest. "Oh, so it's an old acquaintance. Raging Thunder? Heh heh, could it be that Luo He's lesson wasn't harsh enough and he dares to jump out again? Tsk, tsk, tsk. Back then outside the novice village, a forbidden spell scroll was activated and tens of thousands of snakes roared and danced wildly, instantly killing tens of thousands of people. Even now, there are still many living in the shadows of being bitten to death by the snakes. Why aren't you learning your lesson? Do you really think I'm made of mud?"

Qin Sheng, who was already furious and unable to vent his anger, was immediately enraged when he saw Thunderclap Young Master leading him on the Internet.

It would be one thing if Mad Lightning was missing.

Yet.

Below the post, there were a lot of responses and filthy words that were unsightly.

Logically speaking.

As a level-10 pianist, Zuan had brought a pianist along. Qin Sheng's endurance was extremely good, but after the incident at the Dragon Abyss, he was still fuming. How could he not be targeted when Young Master Thunder was so eye-catching?

"I can't do anything to you now. I'll let you jump for two days."

Qin Luo's face was cold. "Be careful in the future. Don't let me find an opportunity. Otherwise, I guarantee that you'll live in the shadows for the rest of your life. At least in the world of fate, seeing me is like seeing a demon."

Click.

Reply.

The big golden account kept flashing.

Weeping Soul V: "Thunder Guild, Young Master Thunderbolt, I'll remember this. There's still a long way to go."

It was a casual reply.

It was time to stop.

Ignoring the large group of replies below, Qin Sheng closed the forum.

“Harmful? How laughable. The Dragon Clan sent out so many clansmen to chase after me in such a blatant manner. They weren’t in the right to begin with, so they simply didn’t dare to harm a single hair of the human race.”

Qin Luo Sheng recalled the ridiculous comments made by Mad Thunder and was filled with disdain. "If it weren't for the hot-headedness of you idiots who wanted to overestimate yourselves and kill the dragon to get your equipment, how could you give the dragon race a chance and give them a legitimate reason to kill you?—Only after being tyrannized by the dragon race, your level dropped, and your equipment dropped did you wake up? Then, you pushed the blame onto me? Sorry, I won't take the blame."

The more he thought about it, the angrier he got.

Qin Qin Sheng was very displeased.

Except.

There was nothing she could do now.

He could only silently put this debt in his small notebook and settle it in the future.

He picked up the Happy Fat Otaku Water on the table and finished the rest in one go. Only then did he feel a little better.

He took out his phone and skillfully opened the take-out app. He found a well-received supper delivery and ordered ten catties of crayfish and more than 500 yuan worth of barbecue.

MD.

I can't do anything to the dragon, but I can eat lobster, right?

I'm going to turn my anger into appetite today and fight.