Chapter 249: The Dragon God'S Trial Begins

Qin Luo's brain shut down. He lost all ability to think as he looked at the unbelievable Dragon God Painting.

'Ding… You have activated the Dragon God Diagram, opening the trial of the Dragon God!'

The system's clear voice sounded.

Qin Luo suddenly jolted awake from his daze.

Shit.

I was scared to death.

I almost fell right into it.

This Dragon God Diagram was truly terrifying. Perhaps it contained the aura of the Dragon God from back then, and seeing it was like seeing the Dragon God. Unknowingly, he was subdued by it, and he couldn’t help but want to prostrate himself in worship.

Fortunately.

With the system.

A prompt message pulled him back from the abyss, not sinking deep.

Fortunately!

Fortunately!

"Ding… The trial of the Dragon God is about to begin. First stage: Kill one Blood Dragon Beast!"

Buzz…

The system's prompt sounded once again. Without waiting for Qin Sheng's response, a flash of energy appeared and formed a summoning array. In an instant, an enormous figure jumped out from inside, turning from illusion to reality and transforming into reality. Its appearance was like a lizard, and its body contained the might of a dragon as it let out a low roar at him.

[Dragon Blood Beast (Enhanced 3-star Elite)]

Level: 20

Health Points: 300,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 2,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,800

Magic Defense: 1,500

Speed: 350

Skills: None

Introduction: Dragon Blood Battle Beast, a low-level battle beast with a trace of weak dragon blood. It is the weakest existence in the Dragon Clan.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Just this?

Hey, give me back my nervousness, bastard!

A Level 20 Enhanced 3 Star Elite looked pretty good. Its attributes were quite strong in all aspects, completely surpassing that of a Bronze Boss of the same level.

But.

Too weak.

Compared to the only player in the entire "Fate Dimension", such a player was pitifully weak.

"Is this really the trial of the Dragon God?"

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat skeptical.

"No, we can't be careless. No one knows better than me what the system is like."

Meng Lie shook his head and Qin Luo shook his head, throwing all those unrealistic thoughts out of his mind. "The difficulty of the trial, which is rated as SSS-rank, is definitely not simple. Although I don't have any concrete knowledge, I can tell a thing or two based on the talent of this BUG-rank star lord, who is also SSS-rank."

For.

There seemed to be something marked on the trial—

The first stage!?

Fuck.

I knew there was something wrong.

So this was the problem.

As expected, the dog system did not give up.

What a scam.

This was only the first stage. The first stage was guarded by a level 20 Bronze Boss, the Dragon Blood Beast. What happened next?

What kind of terrifying thing would appear in the later stages?

How many levels were there?

Instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng's face was clouded.

He was still too young to believe that the system had integrity.

"Roar!"

Qin Luo Sheng was in a daze, but the present Dragonblood Beast did not. It was summoned with only one will, and that was to kill the cultivator.

“As matters stand, since we’ve already fallen into the pit, there is only one path left for us.”

Qin Luo Sheng took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] with a solemn expression. "It's an SSS-rank mission. Sigh, I'm really a dog. Forget it, I'll do my best and leave it to fate."

Ten seconds later!

Ding… You have successfully killed 3-star Enhanced Elite—Dragon's blood warrior. You have received 5000 experience points! '

Hu…

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief.

"Could my guess be wrong?"

Qin Sheng, who was holding his sword, found it hard to believe as he watched the Dragonblood Beast transform into specks of starlight and disappear.

Simple.

Too easy.

Initially, he had thought that the Dragonblood Beast would be different from the others. He never expected that it would really be as bad as the data mentioned in the introduction.

Still.

The experience points were very high, a total of 5,000 points, and did not let down the 3-star Enhanced Elite title.

Ding… Dragon God's trial is about to begin. Second stage: Kill three Dragon Blood Beasts! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was wrong.

I shouldn’t be optimistic. I shouldn’t have any expectations for the dog system.

MLGBD. Can you get someone to breathe?

Are you trying to wear me down by fighting me one after another?

Buzz…

Buzz…

Buzz…

A familiar brilliance shone. Three summoning arrays appeared at the same time. Under Qin Sheng's gaze, the three Dragonblood Beasts were conjured and immediately charged at him.

One minute later.

Qin Luo Sheng watched silently as the three corpses of the Bloodbath Dragon Beasts were refreshed, his face gloomy.

Killing a Blood Dragon Beast was a piece of cake. Ten seconds was all it took.

Yet.

The three Bloodbath Dragon Beasts attacked together, and they cooperated extremely well with each other. If it wasn’t for the fact that they were too weak and weren’t on the same level at all, they wouldn’t have been able to deal with each other unscathed.

Even so.

It also took a full minute. Compared to the efficiency of killing a single beast, the time spent was doubled.

Ding… Trial of the Dragon God is about to begin. Third stage: Kill 10 Blood Dragon Beasts! '

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Qin Luo was stunned.

Was the system joking?

1 jumped to 3 and he endured.

However, this was only the third stage. How could he jump from three to ten?

Buzz…

Qin Luo did not give Qin Sheng a chance to curse. One, two, three, four, five… A total of ten summoning arrays shone once again.

A few seconds later, ten manifestations of the Blood Dragon Beast landed on the ground, their gazes fixed on him.

Qin Sheng:…

Five minutes later!

The final Dragonblood battlebeast fell to Qin Luo's sword.

"Oh? It can drop items?"

Before Qin Sheng could catch his breath, a speck of starlight caught his attention.

leaned over and picked it up.

"So it's crystal coins!" Qin Luo was disappointed. "What a waste of expression!"

Crystal coins.

Together with the Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals, they were known as the Boss' three-base friends.

Because.

Basically, every Boss would drop these three items more or less, one of them, two of them, or all three of them. Among them, the Augmenting Gems dropped the most, and the crystal coins dropped the least.

Still.

It was useless!

This item might be rare to others, but to Qin Luo, it was only useful on the outside and had some value for collection.

After all, he had killed many Bosses, and every one of them was a weak, whiteboard Boss. In addition to his double-digit Luck Points, the more Bosses he killed, the better. Even if it was the hardest crystal coins to drop, he still had a lot of them in stock. It was naturally not strange if there were more.

Except.

Although he did not know what use these three things had, they were still items produced by the Boss and should not be trash items. Qin Luo Sheng did not lose any of them and kept all of them on him. With the 1000 space storage compartments of the Illusionary Spirit ribbon, he was not afraid of not being able to store them.

"This is good news!"

After stuffing the crystal coins into his backpack, a rare smile appeared on Qin Sheng's face. "I initially thought that this was just an energy materialization monster that only had experience points. I didn't expect it to drop something. This is really great. Now that it has dropped crystal coins, what about after that? Who knows what kind of treasure it will drop."

"Ding… Dragon God's trial is about to begin. Fourth stage: Kill 20 Blood Dragon Beasts!"

???