Chapter 255: Pure Dragon Origin (1)

[Earth Dragon (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 22

Health: 800,000

Mana: 120,000

Physical Attack: 7,500

Magic Attack: 3200

Physical Defense: 3,500

Magic Defense: 2800

Speed: 435

Skills:???

Introduction: Earth Dragon, a second generation dragon born from the crossbreeding between a true dragon and a lizard. It contains half of the true dragon's bloodline and inherited part of the characteristics of the dragon race, far surpassing the average pseudo dragon race. At the same time, it also inherited some true dragon heritage and can use simple dragon language magic.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

Weren't all the vocations that spoke a round?

Where is my priest?

Where is my Summoner?

Not only did you skip it, you even created a Gold Boss?

“Nine is the limit of numbers. Has the ninth trial started to cause trouble?”

Qin Sheng's face darkened as he stared at the dazzling Level 22 Earth Dragon. "How many trials does this damn trial have? I refuse to believe that the ninth trial of Earth Dragon is the final trial."

Needless to say, Qin Sheng had not underestimated the difficulty of the SSS-rank trials. The lowest level of the final BOSS was Epic-ranked.

Except.

He had never thought that there would be so many levels to this test. This was simply messing with his mentality.

If he were to fight against an Epic Boss, there would be no problems at all. After all, the current Qin Sheng was not the same Qin Sheng from the Beginner's Village. He was completely helpless against an Epic Boss and was completely killed.

But.

The system would not give this loophole.

If he really killed an Epic Boss right from the start, it would be over. He would not be rated as SSS difficulty, nor was he worthy of the system's special announcement that the clearance rate was less than 1%!

As it turned out.

The system was not lying.

Not to mention the subsequent BOSS battles, just earlier on, from the start of the Dragon Blood Battle Beast, all the subsequent moves were done by a team of 20 BOSS of the same class. If it was any other player, they would have been killed.

Fortunately, he had relied on shameless props to survive. Otherwise, he would have definitely failed the trial. Even if he could pass with his true abilities, time would not allow it.

"Is the difficulty stacking so fast?"

Facing the powerful Earth Dragon, Qin Sheng, who was holding the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier], frowned. "From the initial Enhanced Elite to the Bronze Boss, and then to the Silver Boss, it has already reached the level of the Gold Boss. There's no need to talk about shameless tag-team battles, but this level of difficulty has skyrocketed crazily, and the Boss' level is also rising. If this goes on, not to mention clearing the level, it's hard to say if we can even see the final Boss."

Roar!

There was no time to think.

The urgent matter at hand was to deal with this earth dragon first.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

Qin Luo, who had added three augmentation skills to his usual stats, watched as the earth dragon lunged at him. His body flickered and he disappeared from the spot. "Instant Slash!"

The body of the earth dragon was not big. It was only about five meters tall. Compared to the dragons in movies and novels, it was too far away.

Even so.

The body of an earth dragon was definitely not something humans could compare to.

Relying on the characteristics of Instant Slash, Qin Sheng not only avoided the first attack of the earth dragon, but he also advanced instead of retreating and teleported to the front of the earth dragon's head. The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand was aimed fiercely at his neck and slashed down.

-9856!

???

With the enhancement of Sky Wolf and the 200% damage from Instant Slash, as well as the doubling of Critical Hit, he could not even deal 10,000 damage? Other than 1,000 mandatory death-type damage, the real damage was only about 8,000, not even 9,000?

"Shadow Assault!"

Having succeeded in his first strike, the earth dragon attacked once more. Qin Sheng had long been prepared for this. His body transformed into a shadow, and he dodged the earth dragon's huge bite from behind, retreating to the back of his neck.

"Shadow Stab!"

The familiar Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab Two Consecutive Strikes, [Coiling Dragon Li Water], along with the azure sword edge that had activated [Li Water] 's special effects, was wielded by Qin Sheng and ruthlessly stabbed into the back of the Earth Dragon's neck.

Ding… Earth Dragon possesses the Super Armor characteristic and is immune to low-level control effects! '

What?

The sword pierced into his flesh, and the damage exploded.

Yet.

The dizziness effect was not triggered.

At this moment.

Qin Luo turned pale with fright at the system's prompt.

"F*ck, I actually forgot about that!"

This was the first time Qin Sheng had encountered an Overlord Body, but it was not the first time he had heard of it.

Some gamers had encountered such a situation on the forum. They were immune to certain kinds of control skills.

For example, stone-type and steel-type BOSS were naturally useless against them due to their physique.

For example, the current Earth Dragon had a huge body and weighed at least a ton. Qin Sheng's "Chop" was to send the target into the air and force the target into a rigid control skill. It was useless against the Earth Dragon.

Why?

Qin Luo was merely a human whose strength had not even broken through four digits. He wanted to send the earth dragon that weighed as much as a ton flying? He must be dreaming.

"Damn it, what bad luck did I have today?"

Qin Qin Sheng almost could not hold back his curses.

Not only did he encounter the Overlord Body, but it was also at a critical moment when he was dealing with the earth dragon. Wasn't this f*cking cutting off his rhythm? It was simply unlucky.

Pa!

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned, but the earth dragon was not.

Initially, he thought that it was just a small bug that could be easily squashed to death. He did not expect that he would first fail to pounce on it and have his throat slashed. Then, his bite failed and he was stabbed in the back of his neck.

How could he tolerate this?

Immediately, he swung his dragon head.

-5,833!

Caught off guard, Qin Sheng, who was still immersed in the shock of the Overlord Body, was struck by the head of the earth dragon. His body flew backwards as if he had been hit by a car.

"It hurts!"

With one hit, Qin Sheng's health points decreased by a quarter. The health bar that was originally full was instantly emptied by a large chunk.

The HP bar Disappearance Skill was terrifying.

"Are we really going to use it?"

Qin Luo Sheng landed heavily on the ground. Ignoring the intense pain in his body, he immediately stood up and gulped down two bottles of medicine, one Instant Recovery Medicine and one Continuous Recovery Medicine. Then, he looked at the earth dragon who was chasing after him with a fluctuating expression.

The Earth Dragon had thick skin, 800,000 HP, and 3500 Defense.

Even with the augmentation of the Skywolf, doubling its attack power was still not enough.

If he didn't use any skills and only slashed horizontally, the damage would be between 4,000 to 5,000.

Too weak!