Chapter 257: Pure Dragon Origin (3)

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Qin Luo, who had almost lost his life due to carelessness, instantly became irritable.

Looking at the earth dragon who had stopped moving due to the area-of-effect spell, he steeled his heart and stopped moving. He stood where he was and began to fight him head on. His hands were like whips as he slashed wildly.

-6,752!

+ 8214!

-6886!

+ 7988!

-6764!

+ 8402!

…

With the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], it had a blood-sucking effect of up to 20%. With every attack, Qin Sheng, who had dealt close to 40,000 damage, could absorb Qi and blood back. It floated up and down in the 8,000 points, perfectly covering over the 6,000 plus damage dealt by the earth spike rocks.

A few seconds later.

The earth dragon seemed to sense that something was wrong and immediately stopped releasing magic.

“Finally stopped? Unfortunately, it’s too late.”

When he cast the spell, he could not move and was beaten up like a sandbag. His Health Points dropped like a waterfall. In just a few seconds, his HP had dropped from 50% to less than 20%.

"Skills are activated at a frequency too. You just activated AOE magic just now. I don't believe that you can activate it again right now, even if your health points drop to 20%."

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Following the earth dragon’s attack, he once again reverted to the Qin Emperor’s Pillar Style, circling around his huge body and attacking ferociously.

A few seconds later.

"Roar!"

The Earth Dragon's Health Points dropped to 10%, and at this time, the Earth Dragon's body emitted a yellow glow again. Compared to before, its energy activity was more than double. It could be predicted that once the skill was unleashed, it would definitely be earth-shattering and extremely lethal.

"Sigh!"

Qin Luo, who had stopped attacking, let out a faint sigh. "Are you only prepared to risk your life now? There's no chance. I've been waiting for this opportunity for a long time.—Dragon Might!"

-80000!

An overbearing dragon's might surged out. The pure true dragon's blood in his body completely suppressed the earth dragon's half dragon's blood and forcibly deprived him of 10% of all his attributes.

"Roar!"

A massive 80,000 points of damage appeared on the Earth Dragon's head. In an instant, the Earth Dragon's eyes dimmed, and the earthen yellow energy that was about to erupt from its body instantly vanished without a trace. It roared unwillingly, and its four limbs trembled. It heavily smashed onto the ground and closed its eyes.

Ding… You have successfully killed level 22 enhanced Gold Boss Earth Dragon. You have received 180W + experience points and 3500 Reputation points! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

A golden light flashed.

Qin Luo rose by one level once more, reaching level 22, the same level as the earth dragon.

"The experience points are really high."

Bathed in the golden light, Qin Sheng comfortably added all his attribute points to Strength. When he saw the crystal coins and a ball of light dropped by the Earth Dragon, he could not help but complain, "But this spoils of war are f*cking useless!"

No matter how small a mosquito was, it was still meat.

Although he was complaining, Qin Luo's body still picked up everything honestly.

"What… what is this?"

There was no need to care about the crystal coins. He stuffed them into his backpack and was done. However, the ball of light made Qin Sheng look at it a few more times. Although he did not know what it was, he felt very warm when he held it. There was an indescribable sense of familiarity.

[Pure Dragon Source]

Type: Energy

Grade: Epic

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: A pure dragon source that contains the energy of the dragon race. It has extraordinary special effects!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the heck?

It was a simple introduction.

What the heck?

Besides the name, what else do I know?

"It should be the energy of the dragon race, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng guessed, "Perhaps it's similar to the legendary Dragon Balls and Inner Cores? No wonder there's an inexplicable sense of familiarity. So it's the resonance caused by the blood of the true dragon in my body! But, what's the use of this thing?"

"Forget it. It's an Epic-ranked item, after all. Its effects shouldn't be too bad, right?" Qin Sheng was a little depressed that he couldn't find a use for it. "In the future, I'll be able to find a way to use it. Just leave it for now!"

He even accepted fancy things like crystal coins, let alone the pure Dragon Origin?

After all, it was an Epic-ranked item. It had to show some respect to the word "Epic". Since it only occupied one space slot, it should have a place.

'Ding… Energy absorbed detected. Absorb?

He casually tossed the pure dragon source into his backpack and did not wait for Qin Sheng to catch his breath. Suddenly, the Illusionary Spirit ribbon started trembling, causing his waist to squirm continuously. The sudden movement seemed to be doing something indecent. Immediately after, the system's prompt sounded beside his ear.

"What happened?"

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbstruck. He hurriedly opened the storage space and saw that the pure Dragon Source he had thrown in earlier was stuck closely to an ancient and tattered scroll. Both of them were glistening brightly.

Reaching out, he took out two items.

There was no need for him to take a look at the Pure Dragon Essence. He naturally knew about it.

Qin Luo's gaze was focused on the tattered scroll.

[Fusion Scroll] Mysterious item, unknown function!

"This thing?"

Qin Luo frowned slightly. "When did this thing appear in my backpack?"

Qin Sheng tried his best to recall, but he still could not recall anything. He only had a slight impression of the fusion scroll and vaguely remembered that it seemed to have been dropped by some BOSS. At that time, as it was the same as the Pure Dragon Source, there was nothing introduced and he could not find a way to use it. Thus, he kept it in his backpack and ate the dust. He had basically forgotten about its existence.

Ding… Integration Scroll requires powerful energy to activate. Are you sure you want to use [Pure Dragon Source] to activate it? '

Activate?

Qin Luo was somewhat hesitant.

Was an unknown scroll really worth consuming an Epic material?

"It's activated!"

Without much consideration, Qin Luo Sheng made up his mind. "In any case, this Pure Dragon Source is an unexpected surprise. It's no different from being picked up for free. So what if it's at the Epic stage? If it can't be used, then it has no value. Now that there's something that can be used, you should feel lucky."

"Confirmed usage!"

With a command, Qin Sheng placed the pure Dragon Source and the fusion scroll together. Instantly, the pure Dragon Source that was similar to the Magic Cube began to melt, turning into the purest energy and entering the fusion scroll.

"Ding, the fusion scroll is activated due to energy. Recovery effect!"

The light came and went quickly.

Within a few seconds, the pure Dragon Source completely disappeared, becoming nutrients for the integration scroll.

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he heard the successful prompt from the system. This was an Epic-ranked item. It would be a huge loss if it failed. Fortunately, the dog system did not disappoint him.

Qin Luo wiped his hands and excitedly opened the introduction column for the fusion scroll.

[Fusion Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Epic

Effect: Fusion

Introduction: A special scroll with fusion powers!