Chapter 251: Mixed Magic

"Lightning Talisman!"

One yellow talisman after another was grasped in Qin Luo's hand.

This was a good item that he had gotten from Wu Lin in the past. Originally, it was just a powerful Lightning Curse. However, the last time he had used it to bombard the Level 20 Gold-tier Boss Iron Zombie in the hidden map of the Mausoleum of Books, Luo Luo's terrifying power was still fresh in his memory.

It was a mysterious and powerful charm to begin with, but it had been sublimated by the starlight miraculously. Regardless of its power or other aspects, it had already transcended the mortal level. Just like the Spiritual Treasure, the Spiritual Water Pearl, it was advancing towards the "Spirit" level.

"What a waste of my Thunderfall Talisman. This is a super treasure!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very reluctant.

Thunderfall Talismans weren’t equipment, but consumables. Each one used meant one less. Originally, he didn’t have much stock, but now he had to waste it on trash like the Dragonblood Legion.

Except.

Qin Luo had no other choice.

If he wanted to pass the trial, he really couldn't save on this.

Rumble!

The Lightningfall Talisman turned into a beam of light and rose up. Soon, it formed a dark cloud. Lightning arcs flickered inside, filled with an upright and dignified divine might.

-15,000!

-15,000!

-15,000!

-15,000!

-15,000!

…

Thunder rumbled down.

In an instant.

Countless damage figures appeared above the Dragonblood Warriors' heads.

Thunder Punishment, Army Obliteration!

Although the Dragon's blood warriors were not like the iron zombies, as undying monsters, they were innately countered by the masculine lightning. However, Qin Luo Sheng's body contained the blood of the True Dragon. When he had used the dragon's might earlier, he had already suppressed the Dragon's blood warriors and reduced their attributes by 10%. In addition to the impact of the water vein, the Li Water's corrosive ability had not only broken the protection of their skin, but it had even seeped into their flesh and blood, causing their resistance to deteriorate further.

Not only that.

Due to the metal armor on the Dragonblood Warrior’s body, as well as the Liquid Water that had washed over it, it was wet. Metal and water were both electricity conductors. Under the double electric guidance, the damage of the lightning was greatly amplified. This resulted in a damage number that was even more ferocious than that of the undead type iron zombies.

"What an eye-opener!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Dragonblood Warriors dancing under the thunderbolts and exclaimed, "Never would I have thought that as a warrior, not only can I use magic to kill enemies, I can also use even more profound mixed magic."

Magic, or more accurately, elemental magic, was a magic that mages used to communicate with the natural elements of heaven and earth. Through chanting and guidance, they created a professional arrangement of elements, thus forming a strange skill with special effects. Because of the way the elements were arranged and the influence of the elements, magic would also change accordingly, forming different types of magic in terms of strength, size, and durability.

For example, fire magic was a magic formed by communicating with fire elements.

For example, the fireballs and Meteor Shower of fire magic were both fire magic, but the former was only the weakest basic magic while the latter was a forbidden magic that could destroy cities and countries. It was precisely because of the different number of fire elements used and the different elemental sequences that there was such a big difference.

Nature elements had their own characteristics.

The fickleness of water, the violence of fire, the heaviness of earth, the sharpness of wind, the masculinity of lightning, and so on were completely different.

However, there was a connection between the elements. On the contrary, they were deeply involved. They relied on each other and restrained each other.

It was similar to the five elements of Daoism. They complemented and countered each other.

Mixed magic, as the name suggested, was a magic of mixed elements, and there were at least two kinds of mixed elements that could not be sealed.

Of course, it was just a concept.

Originally, it was extremely difficult to become a magic guild. More than 90% of mages could only communicate with one magical element. If they became a single mage and could communicate with two or more natural elements, they were undoubtedly geniuses among geniuses.

Mixed magic was undoubtedly the patent of genius.

Mixed magic also differed in strength.

For example, the combination of water and fire magic was extremely difficult. Because the water and fire elements restrained each other in the first place, there was a saying that water and fire were incompatible since ancient times. To combine violent water with ever-changing water, the arrangement and control of the elements was simply unimaginable.

In comparison.

The combination of lightning and water elements was more common.

After all, not only did the water and lightning elements not restrain each other, but the lightning element gave birth to the water element, which was very beneficial.

Soon.

The thunder stopped, the dark clouds dispersed.

The Water Vein Spirit Pearl also stopped releasing the water current.

When everything returned to normal, all that was left was a mess.

"Awesome!"

A joyful smile appeared on Qin Sheng's face as he looked at the mass of Dragon's blood warriors' corpses that had been refreshed by the system, as well as the vast amount of EXP they had gained, as well as the starlight left behind by the Dragon's blood warriors before their deaths.

He glanced at the time.

In less than a minute.

Awesome!

Too awesome!

Compared to the twenty Blood Dragon Beasts that he had to work himself to death for half an hour just now, how easy was this battle?

Except.

It was easy, but the impact of the water vein had been cooled down for half an hour, and one of the precious Thunderfall Talismans had been used up.

Besides.

This was a special case. It would be very difficult to replicate it again.

Why?

Firstly, the characteristics of the Dragonblood Warriors.

Using their clumsiness and concentration, they were unable to avoid the sweeping attack of the water vein and the bombardment of the Thunderfall Talisman.

Second, heavy armor.

The airtight armor caused the Dragonblood warriors to be corroded by the water, greatly weakening their resistance.

Third, Waterfall and Lightningfall.

First off, it was water, then lightning, and then metal conductivity. The damage was terrifying.

Thus…

Wouldn't it be simple to take advantage of the situation?

Ding… The trial of the Dragon God is about to begin. The sixth stage: Kill 20 Dragonblood Archers! '

Qin Luo Sheng, who was picking up the spoils of war: "…"

F*ck!

Was he really going to force her to death?

Did he have to be so fast?

It had only been a minute since the last round, right?

What's the use of this little time? I haven't even finished cleaning the battlefield.

Tsk!

[Dragonblood Shooter (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 20

Health Points: 250,000

Mana: 65,000

Physical Attack: 3800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,200

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 500

Skills:???

Introduction: A Dragonblood Archer. A mixed-blood human archer with a thin Dragon Blood in his body. He is agile and powerful. He can easily draw the Ten-Dan Bow. His ability to snipe and kill is extremely terrifying. He is one of the special soldiers in Dragon City. He is usually active in places like forests and mountains. He hunts enemies and scouts the terrain. Every Dragonblood Archer can form an army by themselves. He is the king among the soldiers.