Chapter 252: Gold Boss—Earth Dragon (1)

The warriors were here. Were they archers this time?

Qin Qin Sheng was delighted.

Even though powerful long-range jobs were the nightmares of close-combat jobs, especially long-range bosses that were extremely fast and had extremely strong attacks, it was still a pain for any job player.

A Shield Specialist with thick defense. The Boss' attacks could make you want to die, and your health points would rise and fall. At any time, you would be hovering around the edge of death. If you were not careful, you would die.

It was a long-range attack with high Attack. The Boss could fight with you, be it in terms of range, attack strength, hit rate, etc., all of them were better than you. You could really attack or retreat, leaving you helpless.

Still.

The long-range BOSS was not invincible.

To deal with this type of existence, it was very simple. They needed a "master".

As long as they could hold the Boss back and prevent him from unleashing his original strength, they would be able to kill him instantly. After all, the price of high attack and high speed was sacrificing health points and defense. It was very fragile.

This was undoubtedly a high requirement for Shield Specialists. They had to be able to withstand the attacks of the Enraged Boss. It was the same for Priests who had recovered. They had to have sufficient healing.

This was also the reason why Guardians and Light Priests were so popular. Their equipment was much more expensive than other jobs.

He had no choice.

He just needed it.

Still.

In the eyes of ordinary players, this was the existence that gave them the greatest headache. However, in the eyes of Qin Sheng, it was the easiest to deal with, and it was exactly what he hoped to encounter at the moment.

Ranged?

With the Shadow Warrior job, it was extremely easy to get close to him.

Attack explosively?

If you can attack, then talk. If you can't, so what if I give you 100,000 points of attack?

High speed?

Hehe, should we compete to see who can run faster?

In every aspect, he had the advantage. He was basically a complete winner.

Warriors were indeed afraid of long-range attacks. However, they also liked long-range attacks.

All of this depended on whether he could get close.

In close combat, a warrior was the lord.

If he couldn't get close, the warrior would be a dog.

Qin Qin Sheng had no such problem.

Because it was very easy for him to get close.

Except.

It was easy to fight one-on-one, but now it was 1VS20, which was a little Muggle.

A volley of arrows covered the sky. How could they break through?

Fortunately.

There were only 20 Dragon's Blood Archers, and they could not cover the sky and cover the earth. In addition, the Dragon God Palace was extremely wide, and there was almost no restriction. There would not be a situation where they clearly had the ability to dodge but were restricted by the terrain.

"Start, start, start!"

Rubbing his hands together, Qin Luo Sheng held the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier and charged forward. This was the first time he had initiated an attack since entering the Divine Dragon Palace.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

The three augmentation skills that he was familiar with instantly activated. Instantly, his speed and attack increased drastically.

"Dragon Might!"

-25,000!

-25,000!

-25,000!

…

As soon as the Dragon's Aura was unleashed, high damage was inflicted on all the Dragon's Blood Archers. Not only that, as their health points decreased by 10%, other attacks and defenses also decreased by 10%.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Even with the suppression of the Dragon's Might, the Dragon's Blood Archers, who had a small amount of dragon blood in their bodies, were greatly affected. However, they were ultimately just the manifestation of the energy of the Dragon God Painting. They did not have any thoughts or feelings, so the restrictions they were subjected to were extremely limited. They only stiffened for a moment before they immediately lined up, drew their bows, and shot out a rain of arrows.

"F*ck, isn't he the king of the forest and mountain? Why did he form a f*cking phalanx and shoot arrows together?"

Qin Luo's face turned green when he saw the rain of arrows charging straight at him. "This motherf*cker is like an iron plate. How can I fish in troubled waters?"

He retreated.

Qin Luo stopped his forward momentum and chose to retreat temporarily.

"This won't do!"

Qin Sheng was in a very bad mood as he watched the Dragonblood Archers advance in formation, just like the Dragonblood Warriors earlier. They did not scatter, nor did they give him a chance to break through them one by one. "This bunch of dogsh * t, are they forcing me to use my ultimate technique again? Wouldn't it be wonderful if they all came up one by one to die?"

“Divine Flame Symbol!”

Qin Luo Sheng opened his palm, and a talisman similar to the Lightningfall Talisman fell into his hand.

“I’ve already seen the Thunderfall Symbol twice. Now let me see just how powerful the Divine Flame Symbol is.”

Looking at the group of Dragonblood Archers dressed in green armor, Qin Sheng couldn't help but sneer. "Since all of you are going to die in a heap, then I can only imitate the predecessor, Prime Minister Zhuge, and unleash the 'Burning Vine Armor Soldiers'. I hope all of you can endure it."

Chi!

The Divine Fire Talisman was activated. Instantly, the talisman burned and the fire element sealed within rose violently, transforming into a fire dragon. It soared into the sky and followed Qin Sheng's will, brazenly charging towards the Dragonblood Shooter.

Bang!

In mid-air, the fire dragon exploded and turned into countless tiny golden flames. Like a meteor shower, they fell from the sky and directly smashed into the formation of the Dragonblood Archers.

Swoosh!

No exception.

Under the flames, the flammable cloth armor was instantly ignited and spread out rapidly. Not only did it spread throughout the entire body, but because it was too densely packed, every one of the 20 Dragon's Blood Archers could not avoid it. All of them were infected and their bodies burned with raging flames.

-10000!

-10000!

-10000!

-10000!

-10000!

…

The five-digit damage number kept flashing.

This continuous burning didn't end instantly. Every second was crazily stealing the Dragonblood Shooter's life.

"It should be my turn now, right?"

As he watched the Dragonblood Archers struggling in the flames, Qin Sheng charged forward without hesitation. Taking advantage of the fact that they could not resist, he attacked ferociously and took their lives.

Five minutes later.

One by one, the twenty Dragonblood Archers who had been burned into pestilence perished under Qin Sheng's finishing blows. They transformed back into energy and were sucked back by the Dragon God Illustration.

"What a great harvest!"

Grinning from ear to ear, Qin Luo picked up the glittering crystal coins and stuffed them into his backpack.

Although the trial monsters only gave experience points, crystal coins that only dropped pure energy, no coins, no equipment, no skill books, no blueprints or formulas, etc, Qin Sheng was still very satisfied.

Being able to explode was better than not exploding.

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng had a feeling that these crystal coins might be much more useful than equipment.

That was because these crystal coins were formed from pure energy. They were much purer than the ones dropped by the previous Bosses. They should have some special effects. Either they were not discovered, or the officials had not released the system in this area.

All in all,

‘ I’ll keep it. I’m sure I’m right.’

"Ding… The trial of the Dragon God is about to begin. Level 7: Kill 20 Dragon Speakers!"

[Dragon Speaker (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 20

Health Points: 300,000

Mana: 180,000

Physical Attack: 550

Magic Attack: 3850

Physical Defense: 800

Magic Defense: 1,500

Speed: 320

Skills:???

Introduction: A Dragon Speaker who has learned a part of the Dragon Speech can communicate with the natural elements of heaven and earth faster through secret arts and bloodlines. The magic is more powerful and has a wider range. It also has some unexpected special effects.