Chapter 256: Pure Dragon Origin (2)

"What the hell am I thinking?"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted nothing more than to give himself a tight slap. "Facing a Level 22 Gold-tier Boss with a dragon bloodline, do you still want to hide? You're simply courting death!"

Swoosh…

"Shadow Clone!"

"Shadow Concealment!"

Relying on his extraordinary speed, Qin Sheng easily dodged the Earth Dragon's attack. Then, he split out a clone and controlled him to attract the attention of the Earth Dragon while his main body used Shadow Concealment and entered into a concealed state.

"I can't use the Dragon Might for now!"

As he watched the Earth Dragon chase after his clone, Qin Luo Sheng stood at the side, his brain working at a high speed. "The Earth Dragon is too powerful, and has inherited the secret techniques of the Dragon race. Once it's unleashed, its power will definitely be peerless. It might even be able to insta-kill me. The Dragon's Might can instantly reduce all attributes by 10%. I have to save it for last as a trump card. Instakill the Earth Dragon, making it unable to rely on the secret technique to turn the tables."

“It’s just that without the Dragon’s Might reducing attributes, the Earth Dragon’s B is really too tanky. My attacks are unable to cause much damage at all. If this continues, not only will it be a great waste of stamina and time, but once the effect of the Skywolf ends, without the doubled attack and absolute critical hit, the situation will become even more difficult.”

This was a little difficult!

Huh.

Wait.

Apart from the Dragon's Might, there seemed to be another skill that could weaken the Earth Dragon!

"Damn, how did I forget about you?"

Qin Qin Sheng's face brightened. "Violent Strike, this skill that has created countless miracles. Today, it's time to go on stage again."

Overlord Body?

Haha!

So what if it was the Overlord Body?

Super Armor was indeed very powerful and could ignore low-level control effects. Even the hidden job of Shadow Warrior could not take effect, but [Berserk Strike] definitely could. I don't believe that an Epic skill can't affect a Gold Boss?

Except.

It was not enough to just deal a violent blow.

"It is indeed too difficult for players to solo a BOSS."

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "Even for me, if not for my superb augmentation skills, I would definitely be beaten up. After all, the difference in attributes between a boss and a player is like the difference between heaven and earth."

"Especially the earth dragon in front of him. Normal methods are completely useless against him."

"The greatest advantage of the players in the past has turned around."

"You must not fight with the Earth Dragon for long. Otherwise, it will not be the players killing the Boss, but the Boss killing the players."

"The best way is to end this quickly."

"Therefore, the key to determining victory is within the effective duration of the enhancement skill."

Qin Qin Sheng sorted out the dead end and immediately thought of a solution.

"[Berserk Strike] reduces all attributes. Whether it's 10% or 20%, it's acceptable as long as the Earth Dragon's defense is not that strong. The key is whether I can launch an effective attack next."

“Skywolf + 100% attack power. In addition, there is also the Blood Eruption Technique and Heart of Courage. If all of them are stacked together, there will be an increase of 250% in attack power.”

"D * mn, what a pity. If I used the Sirius at the end, it would be an increase of 300%. After all, Sirius is the best augmentation skill."

Come!

Let's begin!

"Shadow Escape! Effect 1!"

It was yet another instant shift. Qin Luo had just appeared on top of the earth dragon's head, which had just killed his clone while in stealth mode.

"Berserk… Heavy Strike!"

Qin Luo tightened his grip on the Coiling Dragon Li Water and used all his strength to slash heavily at the Earth Dragon's neck.

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing Earth Dragon to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%!"

NICE!

It triggered an absolute injury.

Reduces attributes by 20%. Let's see how you play with me.

"Shadow Escape! Effect 2!"

Having succeeded in his first strike, Qin Luo had managed to injure the earth dragon severely. After storing his strength, his body was slightly stiff and he could not react effectively. On the other hand, the earth dragon was severely injured and immediately came attacking wildly.

Just as his ferocious fangs were about to reach Qin Luo's, Qin Luo activated his second ability and escaped into the shadow of the earth dragon, avoiding all harm.

Seizing this opportunity…

"Brave Heart!"

Ding… all your attributes + 50% for 1 minute! '

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Ding! Your Health Points -50%, Physical Attack + 100%, lasts for 1 minute!"

After regrouping, Qin Sheng took out the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier once again and jumped out of the shadow of the earth dragon, activating the Violent Twin Swords Stream.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

With the additional 50% increase in speed (50% increase in Heart of the Brave, 50% increase in all attributes), Qin Sheng was able to unleash his greatest advantage. Using the Pillar Battle Technique of the Qin Emperor, he circled around the massive yet cumbersome Earth Dragon and swung his sword wildly.

-3,8662!

-37886!

-39014!

-38218!

…

Violent five-digit damage kept appearing above the Earth Dragon's head.

With this change in attitude, offense and defense, Qin Luo was now in control and had begun a crazy lesson.

"Hahaha… this feels so good!"

Although a huge body could bring about great intimidation, it would still become a huge target.

If it was a normal player, there would be no hope. The Earth Dragon's speed was not slow, and it was suppressed by its size. With one charge, the team would basically disperse.

But Qin Luo was different.

His speed was completely overwhelming. The existence of the true dragon's blood and the intimidation of the earth dragon's dragon might, how could he still play this game?

Huh?

"Roar!"

Qin Luo circled endlessly, playing with the earth dragon like a monkey. Under the ferocious attacks, his health points kept depleting. Very soon, he was approaching the first 50% checkpoint.

Instantly.

The Earth Dragon let out a furious roar as a layer of yellow light appeared on its body.

-6655!

-6,822!

-6,748!

There was a wave of movement on the ground. Under Qin Sheng's dumbstruck gaze, sharp rocks suddenly emerged and pierced heavily into his body, bringing great damage.

"F*ck, the damage is so high?"

Qin Luo's expression changed drastically as he hurriedly activated his defensive technique.

"Ice Skin!"

"Ding, your maximum health bar has increased by 100%, your Mana bar has increased by 100%, and you have recovered to your peak state instantly. Your Defense has increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds!"

Lights flashed.

Qin Luo Sheng instantly recovered to his peak state. The blood essence that he had lost was now at its peak, fully recovered.

"You want to play something exciting? Fine, I'll fulfill your wish!"