Chapter 253: Gold Boss—Earth Dragon (2)

After the warriors and archers, were the mages here too?

They were both facing the long-range Brittleskin, but why was it that this time, they were frightened and uneasy?

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng knew the answer.

That was because the 20 Dragon Language mages were chanting the mysterious Dragon Language. In an instant, the entire Dragon God Hall was filled with surging elemental powers and different types of magic attacked.

A wind blade tore through the air, taking the lead.

Earth pierced through the ground, restricting the terrain.

Flames danced wildly as they burst forward.

There were icicles surging like honeycombs.

Thunder rumbled and bombarded the area.

Qin Luo's expression changed drastically.

In this combination, not only were all five types of conventional natural elements gathered together, they were also seamlessly coordinated and extremely meticulous. Coupled with the augmentation of the Dragon language, its power increased exponentially and almost made Qin Sheng puke.

20 Silver-tier Bosses, 20 Spell Cannons, fighting side by side, who could withstand that?

In a one-on-one battle, they could be completely crushed.

One against two. He could still ignore them.

One against three was a little strenuous.

One against four, he used all his trump cards.

One against five, almost the limit.

One against twenty?

Wait for death!

It was hopeless!

Farewell!

"Regular methods are definitely courting death. It definitely won't work."

With a flash, Qin Sheng dodged the bombardment of numerous spells to the extreme. Looking at the group of Dragon Speakers advancing towards him, his expression was extremely solemn. "These 20 magic turrets are completely an unbreakable fortress. As long as I dare to go up, I will definitely be blasted into a sieve and directly collapse in the middle. I will die without even a trace left."

Since he could not break through, he could only use violence to counter violence.

Qin Luo Sheng moved his finger and a round iron ball appeared in his originally empty hand.

Sky Tremor Bomb!

It was also a treasure that he had obtained from Wu Lin. The advanced version of the Fiery Bite Jar (Fiery Flame is actually a sensitive term???) had always been reluctant to use it. Today, it was finally its turn.

"Let's begin!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng's body moved, instantly augmenting his Wandering Snake Movement Technique and Leopard Su, his speed soaring.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Seeing Qin Luo advancing instead of retreating, the Draconic magicians who were closing the distance immediately stopped in their tracks and started chanting. Very quickly, the carpet-like magic bombardment came again.

"Is he here?"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up, and his rapidly running body turned illusory, transforming into seven figures. "Shadow Ghost Banner!"

"Shadow Concealment!"

Seven shadow clones attracted the attention of the Dragon Whisperer and its firepower. Qin Sheng's body transformed into a shadow and entered a stealth state similar to that of a bandit. He deceived the Dragon Whisperer's line of sight and walked towards the periphery of the formation.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The Dragon Whisperer, who did not have any emotions or rationality, was very violent. Facing the seven Shadow Wraith clones, he did not hesitate to activate magic that was stronger and had a greater range than before. After a series of bombardments, the clones that did not have a physical body completely collapsed and disappeared.

Still.

It was enough.

The existence of the shadow ghost clone had already given Qin Sheng enough time to quietly approach the phalanx formed by the 20 Dragon Speech Division.

"There are so many of them, one at a time. Don't even think about escaping."

Qin Luo Sheng sneered and ignited the Sky Tremor Bomb in his hand. "If we were to attack head-on, even if we had to endure the violent output and paid a huge price to get close to the range of the throw, I reckon we would still be blocked by your magic shields, right? However, now that I'm launching sneak attacks without making any sound, let's see what you guys can do?"

Eat my Sky Tremor Bomb!

The round ugly lump of metal was successfully thrown into the Dragon Speaker's phalanx by Qin Sheng.

Boom!

An explosion that was even more resounding than the Thunderfall Talisman suddenly shook the spacious and quiet Divine Dragon Palace.

"Is this real damage?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked excitedly at the center of the explosion of the Sky Tremor Bomb. He looked at the Dragon Whisperer Spellmasters who had been majestic and arrogant a second ago. Now, they looked miserable.

Under the powerful explosion, there were no defensive magical skills or powerful equipment. About seven or eight Dragon Speakers in the center of the explosion were directly killed and turned into a huge amount of EXP.

None of the people around the radiation zone were safe. It was normal for them to have broken arms and legs.

There were even a few whose chests had been blasted open. Although they were not dead, they were still struggling at death's door. They would die very soon even without making a move.

Even the outermost ones were sent flying by the impact of the explosion and suffered serious internal injuries.

Sky Tremor Bomb.

Terrifying.

Even though the damage was only 1,000 points, the real effect was too BUG-like.

Besides.

Forced damage of 1,000 points did not mean that the Sky Tremor Bomb could only deal 1,000 points of damage. Under the real effect, the ones that were killed were not counted. The bleeding damage of the short limbs was extremely terrifying, just like spraying blood. The damage of the short limbs was at least 5,000 points per second, and it continued continuously. And the ones who suffered the least internal injuries were the drop in all attributes and their strength.

"We've struck gold!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not an idiot. Naturally, he would not let go of such an excellent opportunity to beat a dog that had fallen into the water. Taking advantage of the Dragon Speech Master's defeat, he immediately charged forward with his sword.

Sword radiance shone brilliantly!

After empowering the power of the Skywolf, Qin Luo was like cutting melons and vegetables, sending the already weak physique and now heavily injured Draconic Spellmasters, one sword, one sword, or one sword, to the West Sky.

"Hu…"

After finishing off the last Dragon Speaker, Qin Sheng heaved a long sigh of relief.

A lingering fear lingered in his heart as he glanced at the ground where a huge pit had been blasted out by the Sky Tremor Bomb.

Initially, he thought that the Lightning Talisman was already extremely abnormal. He never expected that the unremarkable Sky Tremor Bomb was actually the fiercest baby.

True damage.

In a sense, this was the most powerful damage in the virtual world. No matter how strong your virtual data was, as long as you were under real damage, perhaps a light swipe of the throat or an unremarkable blunt blade could take your life.

This…

The Dragon Speakers used their lives to perfectly illustrate this point.

"All the crystal coins again? Should I be happy or complain?"

There was not much time left. Qin Sheng did not think too much about it and quickly cleaned up the battlefield. He looked at the crystal coins in his backpack that had increased tremendously and his forehead was filled with black lines. A mouthful of phlegm was stuck in his throat.

Ding… Dragon God's trial is about to begin. Eighth stage: Kill 20 Dragon Shadow Assassins! '

Tsk!