Chapter 250: Dragon'S Blood Warrior

"Ding… Dragon God's trial is about to begin. Fourth stage: Kill 20 Blood Dragon Beasts!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately felt a headache.

He had just had a bit of a fantasy and the smile on his face had only just appeared when it was disrupted by the System.

Damn!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Sirius!"

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

In the face of 20 Blood Dragon Beasts, Qin Sheng did not dare to be careless. He hurriedly activated his augmentation skill to strengthen his own abilities. He moved his feet and waved his hands in unison as he swam and slashed.

Fortunately.

The Dragon God Hall was very open and gave them a huge advantage. They would not be locked down by the terrain and thus be besieged.

Half an hour later.

After Qin Luo Sheng killed the last Bloodbath Beast, he could not help but sit on the ground, breathing heavily.

"No, we can't continue like this!"

Qin Sheng did not pick up the starlight left behind by the 20 Blood Dragon Beasts immediately. Instead, he frowned with a livid expression.

He had discovered the seriousness of the matter!

Slow!

Too slow!

Even though the Bloodbath Dragon Beast wasn't too powerful, it was able to exert a strength of 1 + 1 > 2 due to its impeccable coordination with one another. This was also the reason why Zhang Xuan had been unable to defeat it, and it had taken him a long time to defeat it.

It was praiseworthy that the lone Dragonblood Beast Legion was completely unscathed.

In the past, Qin Sheng would feel very accomplished.

Except.

Not now!

Before entering the Dragon God Hall, the Dragon Emperor had already instructed that since the dragon egg was about to fuse, he only had five hours. Once he exceeded that time limit, even if he had the ability to pass the trial, he would still be judged as a failure due to time.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng's enemy was not only an unknown powerful trial monster, but also—time!

The first, second, third, and fourth stages were all filled with Dragonblood Beasts. Although the number of beasts kept increasing and the difficulty kept increasing, they were still only facing the Dragonblood Beasts, these super low-level monsters.

Even so.

It took nearly an hour to travel back and forth.

There was only a limited amount of time left.

How could he!

"Ding… The trial of the Dragon God is about to begin. The fifth stage: Kill 20 Dragonblood Warriors!"

‘ What?’

So soon?

Can't you let me catch my breath?

Eh!

Wait.

It seemed like the dog system was referring to the Dragonblood Warriors?

Qin Luo's body shuddered as he raised his head immediately.

He saw…

The 20 summoning arrays were activated again, and they were glowing with energy. Each of them was covered in heavy armor, and they slowly appeared.

Probing skill!

[Dragon's Blood Warrior (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 20

Health Points: 400,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 2,500

Magic Defense: 800

Speed: 200

Skills:???

Introduction: Dragon's blood warrior. A hybrid warrior with a trace of dragon blood in his body. Due to the low level of the awakened dragon blood, the amount of dragon blood in his body is low. Hence, his strength is weak.

How could he be weak?

Qin Qin was stuck in his throat, not knowing how to vomit.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

Qin Sheng looked at the Dragonblood warriors who were advancing in an orderly manner, as though an army was charging towards him. His expression was solemn as he tested the waters with his sword, sending out a sword beam.

-1832!

???

Was the damage so low?

F*ck!

This Dragon's Blood Warrior had 400,000 health points. The Blade Aura dealt three times the damage, but it only dealt less than 2,000 health points? If the original damage was reversed, wouldn't it only have 500 to 600 health points?

With such a tank-like BOSS, it would take a lot of effort to fight one on one and it would be a waste of time. Now, he had to face 20 of them at once. Furthermore, they were in a formation of 20. They were like iron buckets. This was like a tiger eating the sky.

“I can’t hide anything anymore. If not, I will definitely lose this trial.”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was gloomy to the extreme. "This damned SSS trial, isn't it too difficult? -- If we use powerful techniques now, our combat power will definitely be greatly reduced when facing stronger experts later on. It'll be difficult to win. But now that we don't use it, we can only slowly grind it down. But this way, there's not enough time."

He was in a dilemma.

"Forget it, let's talk about the future later. If we can't even pass this stage, how can we talk about the future?"

Qin Luo abruptly took a few steps back, distancing himself from the Dragonblood warriors. He then took out the Spiritual Water Pearl from his backpack.

"Heavy-Armored Warrior, is it? It's indeed so tanky that it makes one despair. If it were any other ordinary Warrior or Thief job like me, I'm afraid I would have collapsed by now. Unfortunately—"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with malevolence. "It's a pity that you guys met me. I'm very weak, but I have quite a lot of messy things on me. Come, enjoy it. I've prepared a big gift for you guys. I'll make sure you guys enjoy it."

“Water Vein Impact!”

Azure light flashed. The Spiritual Water Pearl absorbed the power of the water element and instantly formed a huge torrent. Under Qin Sheng's control, it charged towards the incomparably heavy Dragonblood warriors, who had only 200 points of speed and were in formation, unable to spread out at all.

Crash…

Water flowed in waves. The Water Vein Spiritual Pearl, which had been upgraded by the [Water Separation Essence], was much more powerful. The ordinary water elemental energy also had a slight corrosive effect due to the [Water Separation Essence].

With one strike.

The Dragon's blood warriors who only had their eyes exposed were all hit.

Even though the heavy armor could block swords, spears, and halberds, and even hidden weapons like fine needles, how could it block water, which had the strongest penetration?

The heavy armor, which originally had extremely high defense, now became a burden instead. After it was penetrated by the Li Water, it could not be removed, causing Li Water to be held in his arms, unable to be discharged for a long time. It further corroded, displaying its effects to the limit.

"Tsk tsk, this scene is quite spectacular!"

Under the water, the military vessel YAN's army instantly turned into a clown. That jumping look of theirs was rather comical. At least, Qin Sheng was amused.

"Although the skill is restrained, the damage is really low."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the passive effect of several Dragon's blood warriors triggering the impact of the water vein. Some were heavily injured by the water pressure, some were sliced by the whirlpools, and some were frozen by the cold air. He nodded in satisfaction. The Water Vein Spirit Pearl that had evolved was indeed quite powerful. It was a pity that the resistance of the Dragon's blood warriors was extremely high. Even though their magic defense was far from being comparable to physical defense, his attack was not high either. This damage number of only three to four thousand was really quite ugly.

"Sigh, I wanted to save some money, but it seems like I can't!"

The Dragon's blood warriors looked miserable, but in reality, they were only in a sorry state. They did not suffer much damage. He estimated that after 30 seconds of the Water Vein Shock, they would still have half of their health left. When that time came, he would still be at a disadvantage.

If they didn’t take advantage of the fact that they were being pushed around by the current and couldn’t advance any further, then they would be completely annihilated. It was simply like they had a problem with their brains.

"Lightning Talisman!"