Chapter 258: Legendary Skill: Sacred Flame

"Ding, the fusion scroll has been activated. You can choose equipment, props, skills, and other items of the same origin to fuse!"

Shit?

Qin Luo was instantly stunned.

Was this fusion scroll that impressive?

Not only could he fuse equipment and items, but he could also fuse skills?

"System, as the material for the fusion scroll, will it disappear after being fused?"

Qin Luo could not help but ask.

"Players, please explore on your own!"

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

"What should I fuse?"

Qin Luo started to have a headache when the system avoided him. "How about fusing the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier?"

[Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Li Water]!

[Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] and [Blood Soldier]!

If he could combine two weapons into one and have four special effects, he would be invincible.

Ding… [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] are different sources, unable to fuse! '

Tsk!

Different sources?

What exactly is the same origin? If you don't tell me, how would I know?

"Is the equipment not good enough? Then let's see the skill!"

How could he return empty-handed with a treasure mountain?

Unable to fuse weapons, and only having one set of equipment on him, Qin Sheng immediately turned his attention to his skills.

He opened the skill column—

"Ding… Skill that can be fused with a fusion scroll detected. Do you want to fuse?"

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to filter it carefully, the fusion scroll suddenly released a brilliant light, shining on the few skills in the skill column.

[Sky Weapon] 's only skill, LV1 (Power of the Skywolf, can be upgraded), can break the firmament with brute force, can suppress mountains and rivers with martial arts. Passive effect, Strength + 10, Attack + 5%, Critical Strike Chance + 5%. Active effect—Skywolf: After activation, Attack Power will increase by 100%, Critical Strike chance will increase by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Holy Body] 's only skill, LV1 (Ice Muscle Body, Upgradeable), Holy Body, invulnerable to swords and spears, impervious to fire and water. Passive effect, Constitution + 10, Health + 5%, Defense + 5%. Active effect—Ice Muscle: After activation, the upper limit of Health Points will increase by 100%, Mana Points increase by 100%, and the maximum will be instantly restored to full state. Defense increased by 100%, lasts for 30 seconds, Cooldown is 5 minutes!

[God's Movement] 's only skill, LV1 (Leopard Sudden Speed, Upgradeable), flexible and shapeless. Passive effect, Agility + 10, Speed + 5%, Dodge + 5%. Active effect—Leopard Suit: After activation, Speed + 100%, Dodge + 100%, Duration: 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

[Spiritual Wisdom] 's only skill, LV1 (Super Dimension Wisdom, Upgradeable), God's Wisdom, Transcends All Spirits. Passive effect, Spirit + 10, Magic Attack + 5%, Magic Critical Hit Chance + 5%. Active effect—Super Dimension: After activation, Magic Attack + 100%, Magic Critical Hit Chance + 100%, Duration: 30 seconds, Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

How could it be them?

This is my life!

‘ Dog system,’ he said. ‘Are you a spy sent by the dragons?’

When I asked you to fuse with a weapon, you said that there were different sources and that it was impossible to fuse them together.

Now that the skill was activated, you were like a dog that smelled feces. You didn't need me to say anything and immediately arranged it?

"[Sky Martial], [Sacred Body], [Divine Flash], and [Spiritual Wisdom] are skills of the same origin. They can be fused. Do you want to fuse them?"

The system prompted again.

"D * mn, it's melted!"

Qin Luo pondered for a few seconds before gritting his teeth and making up his mind. "The bold ones will die from overeating, while the cowardly ones will starve to death. This is an official cheat skill. In addition to the Epic Fusion Scroll that was activated after devouring the pure Dragon Source, the combination of the two will definitely produce a heaven-defying skill."

"Although the Sirius, Leopard, Ice Skin, and Ultra Dimension are very fierce, I have yet to find a way to upgrade them. There is no way to upgrade their abilities at all. Moreover, I already have skills that can replace them. Even if they disappear now, I can still control them. It's not a big problem."

"The most important thing now is to use the Dragon God's trial as the highest priority. In order to clear this trial, I can completely use any means and use all means. After all, the reward for clearing the trial is really too tempting. Forget about the other hidden rewards, just the treasure dragon egg left behind by the Dragon God is enough to risk my life for it."

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng's breathing quickened.

"Killing the Earth Dragon was expected and not worth mentioning. However, the Earth Dragon was only the first official Guardian Boss to appear. Killing him is nothing to be proud of. You have to know that even the hidden map of the Mercenary King has nine Guardian Bosses, let alone the Dragon God Temple? I have never seen the SSS level difficulty trial before."

"What follows will definitely be tough battles one after another. With my current strength, wanting to clear the level is really too difficult. If I can rely on the fusion scroll to create an abnormal skill, I should be able to increase my chances of winning by quite a bit. It wasn't easy for me to have this opportunity, I definitely cannot let it go."

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze froze. Without hesitation, he chose to agree and activated the ability to fuse with the scroll.

Buzz…

Energy trembled.

Instantly, the four skills turned into four streams of light and were absorbed by the Fusion Scroll.

"Ding, the fusion scroll is in effect. Skill fusion successful. You have activated a new ability. You have obtained Legendary Skill: Holy Flame!"

Legendary skill?

Qin Luo's eyes widened abruptly, wondering if he was hallucinating.

He hurriedly opened his skill window again—

Holy Flame: Exclusive Skill, LV1 (Upgradeable), Holy Flame, add it to my body, burn the sky and boil the sea, kill gods and exterminate demons. Passive effect, Light Resistance + 50%, Darkness Resistance + 50%. Active effect: After activation, all attributes will be increased by 100% and obtain Holy attributes. Deals four times damage to Dark-type monsters. Immune to Light-type damage. Dark-type damage will be halved. Normal attacks will become Holy Attack. Attack range + 5 meters. Additional Attack Split effect (Splash damage is 80% of normal damage). Consumes 500 Mana per second. Duration: 3 minutes. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

There was nothing to say.

Just one word, awesome!

It was indeed a legendary skill, Lunar Overlord.

The passive dual-aggressive dual-agreement of Light and Darkness Attribute had 50% resistance. It was equivalent to being immune to 50% of any attack as long as it was included in the Darkness and Light Attribute. It was simply terrifying.

As for the active effect, it was a 100% increase in all attributes and almost made Qin Sheng faint.

And that was only one of them.

Qin Luo was dazzled by the series of effects that followed and his mind went blank.

Holy attributes, immunity to damage…

There were too many of them!

Amongst them, what Qin Sheng valued the most was undoubtedly the ability to turn normal attacks into Holy Strikes. Not only did it increase the attack range by 5 meters, it also had the ability to divide damage.

Wasn't this persuading him to fight a gang?

It was perfect for this trial where ten to twenty monsters came!

The damn system still loves me!!!