Chapter 259: The Power Of Sacred Flames

"What a pervert!"

Qin Sheng had not been disappointed by the legendary technique. He had paid such a huge price after all. How could this ability be lacking?

"Eh, the [Sky Martial] didn't disappear?"

After browsing through, Qin Sheng was satisfied. Just as he was about to close the skill column, his sharp eyes caught a glimpse. He was pleasantly surprised to discover that the fusion scroll, which should have been sacrificed in his subconsciousness, was now transformed into the four great skills of 'Holy Flame'. It was still there, and he was so excited that he almost had a brain hemorrhage.

"I'm satisfied, I'm satisfied. Now, let's see who still dares to be so presumptuous in front of me.—Depending on the enemy meticulously, there are the four major skills of splitting up to target, beating up the Boss and facing the siege. Once the Holy Flames are activated, God will kill whoever blocks it, Buddha will kill whoever blocks it!"

Qin Luo's Sheng swelled instantly.

He had to be arrogant!

Who could withstand the combination of the Holy Flame + four skills?

"Eh? Did I forget something?"

Qin Luo turned off the skill column and scratched his head. He looked around and suddenly remembered. "I was f*cking training, wasn't I? When did it become so quiet? Didn't the dog system come wave after wave just now, not even giving me time to breathe? It's been almost ten minutes now, right? There's actually no movement? Isn't this dog wasting my time?"

He walked forward.

He looked at the Dragon God Painting again and was about to reach out to touch it when the system notification sounded again—

"Ding… The first stage of the Dragon God Trial has been completed. Are you ready to begin the second stage?"

Nonsense.

Of course it would open.

There was a total of five hours. If he failed because of time, there would be no place to cry.

"Ding… The second stage of the Dragon God's trial has begun. Please kill 100 Blood Dragon Beasts!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Wait.

Dog System.

Did you report the wrong number?

In the first stage just now, he seemed to have killed one Blood Dragon Beast, right?

Fuck you.

You started flying in the second stage?

From one head to a hundred times, to a hundred?

"To think that I changed my opinion of you just now. Thank you for helping me fuse with the holy flames and saving the four great skills. As expected, I was too f*cking naive. Return me my gratitude, bastard!"

Qin Luo complained.

Looking up.

Looking at the 100 summoning arrays that appeared in front of him, his originally dark face immediately turned green.

There were a hundred Blood Dragon Beasts. With a single charge, not to mention biting, claws, or anything like that, they could even kill someone with just a collision, right?

[Dragon Blood Beast (Enhanced Bronze Boss)]

Level: 22

Health Points: 500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3200

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 2,400

Magic Defense: 1,800

Speed: 420

Skills: None

Introduction: Dragon Blood Battle Beast, a low-level battle beast with a trace of weak dragon blood. It is the weakest existence in the Dragon Clan.

Tsk!

It was one thing for their numbers to increase, but for their strength to increase by so much as well?

Return the 3-star strengthened elite Dragon Blood Beast!

“Should I use the Sky Tremor Bomb, Divine Fire Symbol, and Lightningfall Symbol?”

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows in deep thought. "No, that won't do! The Bloodbath Dragon Beast is already here. The Dragonblood Warriors, the Dragonblood Shooter, the Dragon Speech Master, and the Longshadow Assassin will definitely appear as well. Compared to them, the Bloodbath Dragon Beast is much easier to deal with. We can't waste our limited prop resources."

Since the props could not be used and time was too tight, he could not kill them one by one. Therefore, he had to use the skills that he should use to kill them forcefully and speed up the process.

"I never thought that I would have to use it immediately after acquiring you!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a sigh. Faced with the horde of Dragonblood Beasts surging up, the blood of the True Dragon within his body boiled. The might of the True Dragon, which belonged to the highest level, instantly spread out and intimidated a group of Dragonblood Beasts whose bodies only had the slightest bit of impurities.

"Dragon Might!"

-50000!

-50000!

-50000!

-50000!

-50000!

…

A series of densely packed damage numbers appeared above the heads of the hundred Blood Dragon Beasts under the effect of Dragon Might.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

Qin Luo used all five augmentation skills, and all his attributes increased by 50%. At the same time, his speed and attack increased exponentially.

This was not the end.

"Holy flames, activate!"

Instantly.

A divine might burst forth from Qin Sheng's body. Qin Sheng, who was bathed in golden radiance, was now akin to a god or a saint.

"Is this the Holy Flame? Is this a legendary skill?"

Sensing the abundant power in his body and seeing the golden flames burning on the blades of the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, Qin Luo Sheng suddenly felt bold. He had the thought that there was nothing in this world that he could not cut down.

"I'm not used to such a powerful ability!"

Qin Luo, wielding two swords, faced the Hundred-headed Dragon Bloodbath Beast with a berserk look on his face. "Since you guys happened to come knocking on my door, I'll start with you guys. Let me familiarize myself with this power.—To be able to die under the blade of a legendary skill is not an insult to you guys."

"Sword Qi Cross, second effect!"

Once again, he activated his Sword Qi Cross. The attack range increased by another two meters, and the damage increased by 20%. Qin Sheng swung his sword suddenly. Instantly, a golden Sword Qi burst forth and slashed heavily on the body of one of the Blood Dragon Beasts charging at the front.

-1,48836!

Damage: nearly 150,000!

Not only that.

The Holy Flame also had an additional attack splitting ability. The Dragonblood Beast, which had taken the attack head-on, suffered 150,000 damage, while its companions beside it suffered an undeserved calamity, losing nearly 120,000 (80%) of their health points.

"Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo laughed maniacally. "What terrifying strength! As expected of a legendary technique that surpasses the Epic level by a large level. A freak born from fusing four super skills. This damage, this effect, tsk tsk…"

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Qin Luo Sheng swung his sword crazily. With each slash, the sword split into two and could deal at least 500,000 damage. The damage output was maxed out and it was extremely terrifying.

"F*ck, this Holy Flame is simply a bug in a group battle!"

Qin Luo Sheng swung his sword to kill his enemies while feeling extremely comfortable. He could not help but grumble, "It's just that the consumption of mana is really quite unbearable."

"Luckily, I have super talent and many Epic equipment. My basic mana is almost 18,000 points."

"Also, because of the Heart of the Brave and Holy Flame's 150% increase in all attributes, my total mana is now close to 45,000. In this case, in addition to the large pile of sublimated magic potions in my backpack, I can continuously replenish them. Otherwise, I really can't withstand this consumption."