Chapter 254: Gold Boss—Earth Dragon (3)

[Dragon Shadow Assassin (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 20

Health Points: 320000

Mana: 75000

Physical Attack: 4200

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1000

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 550

Skills:???

Introduction: Longshadow Assassin, a half-dragon with the bloodline of the Sea Serpent. Born with affinity with illusions, possesses extraordinary concealment abilities. Trained as a Longshadow Assassin, as a special unit, they are often sent to complete assassination missions. They are deeply trusted and are the most mysterious and special existence.

Tsk!

Was this trial to gather all the vocations?

In the beginning, it was still a normal Dragon Blood Battle Beast. Later on, the style gradually changed. First, it was a warrior, then a archer, then a mage. Now that the Bandit had appeared, did the next round have a Priest or Summoner?

Swish swish…

Before Qin Luo Sheng could make a move, the dragon shadow assassin that had just appeared from the summoning formation immediately made his move. His body trembled imperceptibly and he instantly disappeared from the Dragon God Hall. All of them had hidden themselves.

Should he start the assassination?

Oh Moses!

If he remembered correctly, this was the first time a trial monster had split up since the trial began, right?

Why was he so confused?

It seemed like even a BOSS would not be able to escape the characteristics of a job.

If even Bandits started to gather and crush them, that scene would be hard to imagine.

"Does that mean I'm being treated as a live target now?"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up, revealing a self-satisfied smile. "I knew it. A man like me, no matter where I go, will always be like a firefly in the darkness. He's so distinct, so outstanding, and so dazzling. He'll always be the center of attention."

“Alas!—Unfortunately, no one was able to appreciate it.”

"As expected, the real world is a rubbish game. The virtual world is better. The people here have good taste."

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the surroundings that were incomparably quiet without the slightest bit of movement. He nodded his head in satisfaction. "Mhm, with your outstanding eyesight, I will be gentler later."

Dragon Might!

With a glare, the true dragon's blood in Qin Sheng's body instantly boiled. A vast dragon might burst forth, engulfing at least twenty meters around him.

-32,000!

-32,000!

-32,000!

-32,000!

-32,000!

…

Haha.

Still hiding?

Don't think that everything would be fine after activating the Bandit's Concealment.

I am not a simple melee warrior!

Shadow Warriors were half warriors and half thieves. They might not be as good as you guys in terms of assassination, but in terms of understanding, they were not bad.

A Bandit's concealment was something that would immediately reveal itself when attacked!

The effect of Dragon's Aura reduced all attributes by 10%, and their health points were considered to be inside. Naturally, it was the same as receiving damage. Hence, all 20 Dragon Shadow Assassins were blasted out.

The effect of this tremor was very obvious, and it made Qin Sheng break out in cold sweat.

Because he saw the nearest dragon shadow assassin, less than two meters away from him. He only needed to take one or two more steps and the dagger in his hand would land on him.

"Let's fight!"

Qin Luo Sheng had never underestimated any profession, especially the BOSS. At this moment, he saw that the Dragon Shadow Assassin's stealth skills were so impressive. How could he give him a f*cking chance?

Especially when he saw the Longshadow Assassin who was two meters away from him and almost hit him. Without saying anything, he directly slashed with his sword.

He was a good comrade who had taken the initiative to deliver himself to them. If he did not kill him, wouldn't he be letting them down?

"Come, let's have a good fight!"

In the face of the encirclement of the Longshadow Assassins, Qin Sheng, who had boosted his speed, unleashed his sword qi. The sword qi was awe-inspiring as he unceremoniously dodged and counterattacked.

Even though Longshadow Assassin was a Boss, he was still a Bandit after all. The most powerful skill was assassination. Once his figure was discovered, without the ability to assassinate, he could only rely on his exceptional speed and powerful attacks to fight head-on.

Unfortunately.

In terms of speed and attack, Qin Luo had the absolute advantage.

So.

Longshadow Assassin was completely crushed. If it wasn’t for the fact that he had the advantage in numbers, he would have been annihilated long ago.

Even so.

Qin Luo Sheng had been forced to fight evenly with Rain Dew, which also caused the Longshadow Assassins to suffer heavy injuries.

Even though they had more than 300,000 Health Points and Qin Sheng's attack power could not cause great damage, with the deterrence of the Dragon's Might, the suppression of the bloodline and the super high Luck Points, the passive chances of triggering it were quite terrifying.

This…

Ding… you have triggered the corrosive effect of the power of death! '

Ding… you have triggered the fear effect of Death's Gaze! '

Ding… you have triggered the chaotic effect of the Murmurs of Death! '

Ding… you have triggered the Stun effect of Dragon Soul! '

The passive effect of the new Epic ring [Skeleton of Death]—Death Energy. Not only would there be a fixed 1,000 points of death damage per attack, there was also a certain chance of triggering the corrosive effect, reducing health points and resistance.

The Epic Earrings [Death's Owner] had a passive effect—Death's Gaze. Its characteristics were effective against Death-type and Darkness-type. It was ineffective against Dragon Shadow Assassins. It wasn't mentioned, but its attack had a certain chance of triggering Fear. It couldn't be ignored.

In addition, there was another passive effect—Death God's Whisper. Critical Hit Chance + 20%, Penetration Rate + 10%, Instant Kill Rate + 5%. Attacks had a certain chance of triggering a chaotic effect. It simply made the Dragon Shadow Assassin collapse.

‘ Of course.’

The last straw to overwhelm the dragon shadow assassin was the [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand.

This was an Epic-ranked weapon that had followed Qin Luo since the beginning of the Beginner's Village. Its passive dragon soul was quite tyrannical. As long as it was triggered, it could cause a terrifying stun effect that lasted for three seconds.

Although this effect would double the effect on the snake race and was immune to the dragon race, it was a pity that the dragon shadow assassin was not a true dragon. He was just a half-dragon with a thin bloodline of the Sea Serpent.

Instant Kill + 1!

Instant Kill + 2!

Instant Kill + 3!

Qin Luo was delighted!

Twenty Longshadow Assassins, under Qin Luo Sheng's frenzied attacks, were quickly wiped out. Three of them even triggered Instant Kill and were KO-ed by a single sword!

This was originally an assassination ace unit. Every single one of them was an elite among elites, a king among soldiers. Yet, they died miserably at the hands of a boorish man. It was truly tragic.

It wasn’t their fault.

It was all because the hanging wall was too unsolvable.

None of the Longshadow Assassins died in a normal battle. Every one of them had at least triggered a negative effect. There were even some who had eaten a full set of feasts and received all the negative effects that they should have. In the end, they even had their Instakill Chance triggered. OME instantaneous. How could there be a word "tragic"?

Ding… Dragon God's trial is about to begin. Level 9: Kill the Earth Dragon! '

The eighth and ninth stages opened very quickly.

This was the system's unchanging prompt message. This time, Qin Sheng was caught off guard and almost peed his pants before he could even think.

He looked up.

A giant lizard that looked like a Western Dragon crawled out from the summoning array. A pair of lantern-sized eyes looked straight at him. On its head, there were two dazzling words:

Earth Dragon!