Chapter 262: Fight!

Very weak.

Weak ones.

s.

???

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the honest-looking Water Venomous Snake with a dumbstruck expression. The corners of his mouth twitched violently.

You are very weak?

Yeah.

Big brother, I know.

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Weak your head!

Level 25 Gold Boss, this grade, this stats, you're telling me you're weak?

Who are you trying to fool?

Well.

Perhaps what you said is true. After all, in your mind, you are very weak. However, you should consider my feelings.

I'm only Level 23, a noob.

There was no need to measure the world of the weak!

"Cough cough… You don't have to look at me so pitifully. This is a trial that the Dragon God is concerned about. I don't dare to go easy on you!"

Shui Shihua shook his head and said, "Come, it's about time. If we continue chatting, the Dragon God will be angry."

"Phew… let's do it then!" Qin Sheng took a deep breath and suppressed the distracting thoughts in his heart. With a solemn expression, he said, "Please guide me, senior!"

"Sure!"

Shui Wu responded before launching a surprise attack.

The body that was over ten meters long and measured in tons was unbelievably agile. It was as fast as lightning as it crashed down from above like a mountain.

Tsk!

Were big shots so despicable?

You want to deal with a weakling like me by launching a sneak attack first?

"Shadow Escape, effect!"

Having lost the initiative, Qin Sheng had no other choice but to use his life-saving trump card. His body transformed into a shadow and drilled into the shadow of the Water Venomous Snake just as it was about to hit him, avoiding the thunderous attack.

"Oh? A shadow ability? This ability is really troublesome."

Humans would not feel anything just because they stepped on an ant. That was because the ant was too small and could not attract attention. However, the Water Venomous Snake was different. Its body did not hit Qin Luo Sheng, but he felt it clearly.

Not only that.

He even looked at his own shadow, sensing that Qin Sheng was hiding inside.

This perception was extremely terrifying.

‘ I can imagine.’

What would happen if the players teamed up to fight Shui Wu?

Firstly, he had to rely on the hidden Bandits to eliminate them first. Before they could get close, they would sense his presence. Failure!

After that, the Shield Specialists and Berserkers were half eliminated. The gigantic body of the Water Venomous Snake was like a mutated snake in the movies. With a sweep of its tail, Qin Sheng believed that only the Mountain Giant on Cliff Ridge would be able to withstand it. As for the players? Hehe.

Then, long-range DPS, regardless of whether it was archers or mages, was practically useless. Not to mention whether your insignificant damage output could break through their defense or not, even if it could, it would be useless without an output environment in the front row.

Lastly, there were Priests and Summoners. One was a pure healer without any damage output, while the other relied on summoning creatures to assist in battle. The former was purely auxiliary while the latter was auxiliary. It was useless.

A BOSS like Water Venomous Snake could no longer be dealt with using conventional methods. In a situation of the same level, they had to mobilize at least a hundred-man team to fight him.

And now.

Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to face it alone.

Even though Qin Sheng was just hanging himself, his expression was ugly right now. He was in a dilemma.

As a Warrior and a Thief, the last thing he wanted to see was a Boss with thick skin and a huge body like Water Venomous Snake. This was a huge restriction on him.

"There are no shortcuts. We can only fight head-on!"

His brain was working at a high speed, but after much thought, Qin Sheng realized that he had no other choice given his current strength and skills, as well as his props. There was only one path he could take.

"Since that's the case, let's fight!"

Qin Sheng, who was hiding in the shadow of the venomous snake, let out a fierce howl. His body shone brilliantly.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Shadow Banner!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Berserk Potion!"

"Brave Heart!"

Qin Sheng used all four buff skills and a bottle of Qin Luo without holding back.

Then…

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

The three highest-level skills came again.

Instantly.

His originally ordinary stats skyrocketed—

Attack + 680%!

Speed + 1200%!

"Activate, Sword Aura, effect!"

Golden flames once again burst forth from the blades of the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier].

"Come, Senior Shui Wu, let's decide the winner!"

Qin Sheng jumped out of the shadow and gave a loud roar. His body trembled for a moment before he turned into a shadow and dissipated. He easily dodged Shui Gu's attack that had been waiting for him and teleported above his head.

“Bone Shield Wall!”

The Skeleton Heavy Armor on his body emitted a sparkling white light. The bone-like armor exuded a dense energy brilliance and quickly formed a shield wall in front of Qin Sheng. Not only did it temporarily increase his defense by 50%, but the shield wall also had more than 10,000 points of toughness and could withstand the attacks of the Water Venomous Snake.

With the defense in place, he took the opportunity to—

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

Qin Sheng put away the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and gripped the hilt of the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] with both hands. He then used all his strength to slash the head of the water spirit.

Ding… your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing the water venomous snake to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%! '

Another 20%?

Was it another serious injury?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his ears.

Previously, he had been severely injured when dealing with the earth dragon. Now, he was dealing with the water snake as well. Did he just touch the hand of the Goddess of Luck?

"No wonder he dared to carry out the trial mission given by Lord Dragon God. He indeed has some strength."

After suffering such a serious injury, he felt that his strength was suppressed by an unknown force by one-fifth. Shui Wu was also extremely shocked. "Brat, I'm getting more interested in you."

Qin Luo's heart turned cold.

Don’t.

Big boss.

Please don't.

Your interest is something that a small fry like me is really unable to enjoy. You better give up on this idea!

Bang…

Although he was chatting, he did not forget about the battle. He charged up his strength for one second and used his full strength to unleash a violent blow. Qin Sheng's body was slightly stiff and he could not resist at all.

How could Shui Wu miss such a good opportunity?

He turned his head on the spot and struck Qin Sheng, who was strutting around on his head, with a powerful "headbutt".

In an instant.

The defense against the skeletal shield wall was instantly broken like a piece of paper.

Fortunately, although the Skeleton Shield wall was useless, it was not completely useless. It still managed to withstand quite a bit of force. Even so, Qin Sheng was sent flying by the impact. His body was like a sack of rags that had been thrown out as he landed heavily on the ground.

-8155!