Chapter 268: Hope Under Desperate Situation (2)

"F*ck, so ruthless?"

In just a second.

The shield formed by the Skeletal Shield on Qin Luo Sheng's body was broken. Then, the ice pillar poked his body. With one strike, it took out nearly 20,000 health points and he almost peed his pants.

"D * mn, my Mana Defense is too low. An ice pillar cost me half my life. This is f*cking impossible."

Qin Qin Sheng instantly breathed out a fragrance.

"I can't continue fighting at close range. I should return to my old profession and use Sword Aura to attack from afar."

Qin Sheng landed a powerful kick on the wyrm's body. With the help of the recoil, he floated down and left the body of the ice crystal pillar. "There's a 12-meter attack range. Now that the wyrm has lost 20% of its attributes, it shouldn't be able to pursue me closely like before, right?"

Attack!

Attack!

Attack!

The wyrm that had lost 20% of all attributes indeed did not have the ability to pursue. It could not even eat dust when it was in front of Qin Luo's 4,000 points of speed and the water spirit's 4,000 points of speed.

70%!

60%!

50%!

Soon.

The health points of the jiao dropped to half.

Yet.

There was no explosion of skills. It was as if the ice crystals in his body just now had already been activated by the limit of 50% health points.

Qin Sheng naturally raised his arms and legs in agreement that the dragon would not explode.

40%!

35%!

30%!

A few seconds later.

Under the violent attack, the dragon's health points dropped to 30%!

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng deliberately slowed down the rhythm of his attacks and raised his guard.

Indeed.

The flood dragon erupted.

"Brat, I have to say that you are not bad. At your age, you can actually beat this main body's incarnation to this state. You should be proud."

The wyrm spoke in the human tongue. “No matter where your strength comes from and what price you have to pay for it, it’s your strength that you’re able to display it. However, you must not underestimate me. Even if I’m not a true dragon, just a wyrm, I’m not someone an ant like you can insult.”

"Sunflower Dew True Technique!"

A sparkling blue light blossomed.

The water element mixed with the life force and formed a strange dreamy blue.

In an instant.

Under Qin Luo's incredulous gaze, huge green numbers kept popping up on the head of the wyrm. The health bar that had already been emptied by more than half rose crazily, filled, and replenished…

+ 140000!

+ 140000!

+ 140000!

+ 140000!

+ 140000!

"F*ck, no!"

His HP recovered 140,000 points per second, which was equivalent to 5% of his total HP. Such a perverse ability made Qin Luo so furious that he almost vomited blood.

Finally—

In just a few seconds, the health points that he had spent so much effort to deplete had returned to full.

What was the point of what he had just done?

"Ding, your enhancement skill Sirius, effect time is over!"

"Ding, your enhancement skill Ice Skin, effect time is over!"

"Ding, your enhancement skill Leopard Explosion has ended!"

Ding…

When it rains, it pours.

The wyrm was back to its peak state. In comparison, Qin Luo's 30-second augmentation skill was completely ineffective.

"Is this the end?"

Qin Luo's heart had already turned half cold. His face was filled with sorrow and helplessness.

“No matter how many secret techniques you possess, those aren’t yours in the end. They aren’t powers that you can control through painstaking cultivation. Everything is like the moon in the well, the flowers in the water are like bubbles that can be burst upon contact.”

The flood dragon said coldly, "You are too young. Your foundation is unstable and your foundation is insufficient. I can force you into a desperate situation just by using a small healing technique. It's truly pathetic."

"Do you think you're going to win?"

Qin Luo raised his head and looked at the dragon coldly.

“Oh? Interesting. Don’t tell me you still have some trump cards up your sleeve?”

The wyrm said with interest, "In that case, I'll give you a chance to use it. Come, hurry up and move. Let me see what other trump cards you have."

"Nine is the highest number. Earlier, I had already seen the first stage, no more and no less, there are exactly nine stages. I think this stage should also have nine stages."

Qin Luo said coldly, "The Water Venomous Snake is the seventh trial, while you are the eighth trial. After you, there's still the final ninth trial. Otherwise, it would really be a waste of the super godly difficulty."

"Originally, this was my final trump card to deal with the final Boss. However, I didn't expect that I wouldn't be able to survive this stage."

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "If you can't pass this round, I'll fail. There's no point in hiding any more trump cards. Since that's the case, then let's go all out. I'll step over your corpse and then move forward. Even if I no longer have the ability to resist at that time, at the very least, I've used all my strength without any regrets."

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose your Blessing target!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace] special effect [Death God's Whisper]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the targets [Murmurs of Death] to bless!"

Qin Qin Sheng took a deep breath. "I choose, instant kill rate!"

"Starlight Blessing is successful. Your Instant Kill rate has been upgraded to perfection. Current Instant Kill rate is 100%. Continue: One Strike!"

NICE!

Success!

Upon hearing the system's prompt, Qin Luo could not help but want to howl into the sky.

Flood Dragon?

So what if it was a flood dragon?

Under my SSS-level super-god talent, the Lord of the Stars' bug-level ability, aren't I still just an ant?

“I feel an extremely terrifying law energy!”

The flood dragon's eyes turned solemn. In his extreme shock, he did not even address himself as' true self '. Instead, he addressed himself as' me '!

"Did you notice? Unfortunately, it's too late!"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up as his right hand tightened its grip on the Coiling Dragon Li Water. "If you hadn't given me the chance to cast the Starlight Blessing, perhaps you wouldn't have fallen to such a state. It's just that your arrogance and carelessness allowed you to fulfill my wish."

"Slash!"

Boundless Sword Aura slashed at the wyrm's massive body with 100% Instant Kill.

-2,800,000!

The familiar black number—did not appear.

"No, that's impossible!"

Qin Sheng could not believe his eyes when he saw the huge MISS above the head of the jiao.

This 100% instant kill was ineffective against the Lord of Starlight's bug-level ability?

"Ding… Target is immune to Instant Kill effect!"

The system quickly explained.

WDNMLGBD, f*ck off!

This is my super-god talent, a bug-level heaven-defying power. Why can't I break the rules?

I—am—not—convinced!