Chapter 260: Viper (1)

If there was a flaw in the holy flame, then the only flaw was its consumption.

500 mana points per second, plus 100 points per second for Sword Auras, this gap was too big. It was definitely not something that players who had yet to grow could sustain in the early stages of the game.

You have to know.

The current players were considered first-tier Elite Mages. With all their mental strength added, their Mana Points were at most around 5,000. This was already very impressive.

It was a huge drain that even a mage could not withstand. Qin Sheng, a warrior who had never added any free attribute points to his mental state, could last for more than a minute. It was obvious how big of a dog he was.

His footsteps did not stop, the potions did not stop, and his sword was endless.

About a minute and a half later.

Thanks to Qin Luo's continuous consumption of pills, his long magic bar was finally empty.

And in this short period of time, the battle results were glorious. Out of the one hundred Blood Dragon Beasts, less than thirty percent were left. Moreover, about one-third of them were injured and their blood was not satisfied.

"The consumption is too great. I really can't take it anymore!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a shaky breath. He saw that his original 40,000 + mana was now reduced to only 1,000 points. He would be exhausted in at most three seconds and passively interrupt the effects of the holy flame. His body shook as he activated his skill—

"Ice Skin!"

The Ice Skin was usually used to increase one's defense or to save oneself from death. This was the first time it was used to restore mana.

Swoosh…

As soon as the Ice Skin appeared, his Mana and Health Points were instantly maxed out. Not only that, it also had the ability to increase his Mana and Health Points by 100%. In other words, Qin Luo's Mana had doubled to more than 90,000.

"He's revived!"

Qin Luo rejoiced. "It feels good to be full of blood and blue. Only then will I feel safe."

Then…

Another round of slashing.

Not long after, a hundred Dragonblood Beasts had all died in battle and turned into nutrients for Qin Luo, greatly increasing his experience bar.

"It's going to be a little troublesome now!"

Qin Sheng picked up the crystal coins dropped by the Dragonblood Beast and opened the skill column, feeling somewhat irritated.

Sirius, Leopard Stab, Ice Skin. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Blood Eruption, Holy Flame, Heart of the Brave. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

It was too difficult.

All the augmentation skills, except for the Snake Movement Technique, which had a cooldown time of only one minute, could be used again. Everything else was in CD mode.

Next.

When the Dragonblood warriors attacked, it would be very difficult for them to raise their numbers to a hundred, just like the Dragonblood warriors.

Without the enhancement of his skills, Qin Luo, a level 22 rookie, was dreaming if he wanted to take on a hundred of them all by himself.

"Either drag it out or use props!"

If there was no need, Qin Luo Sheng really did not want to use consumables like the Thunderfall Talisman. However, the situation was urgent and he could not make the decision. Not using it was not only a waste of time, but also death.

Don't think that a Bronze Enhanced BOSS was weak. This was a BOSS with dragon blood. With a hundred of them and their cooperation, killing a player was a piece of cake.

"There's no other way. Use it!"

Qin Luo made up his mind. "The Dragon God's trial is the highest priority. I even had the determination to make the four great skills disappear earlier, let alone a mere consumable item. As long as I can clear the trial, everything will be worth it."

He stood with his sword in hand, waiting with rapt attention.

Eh?

What was going on?

One minute, two minutes, three minutes…

Nothing happened.

‘ What do you mean?’

In the first stage of the trial, the dog system was not like this. After passing one round, it did not even take a minute. It immediately arranged for the next wave. It was as if it wanted to tire you to death even if you were not killed.

They waited a little longer.

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance and saw that five minutes had passed and the skills like Skywolf that had cooled down could be used. Only then did he step forward and walk to the front of the Dragon God Diagram once again.

"Ding… The second stage of the Dragon God's trial has been completed. Are you ready to start the third stage? (Current Remaining Time: 4 minutes 42 seconds!)"

‘ I see.’

Was the trial challenger going to trigger it himself and then choose to open the trial?

The first stage was the elementary stage trial. It was the most basic stage. That was why there was an endless stream of nine checkpoints. In the end, the trial would end with the Earth Dragon guarding it.

Later.

The foundation had been passed, and he had entered the true stage.

At this moment, he had the right to choose. Or rather, he had the time to rest.

The break time should be ten minutes.

Ten minutes later, the trial would begin and they would enter the next stage.

Qin Luo pulled open the mission panel and looked at the time. There were about three and a half hours left.

"Let's just do this. We'll rest until the last second before starting the next stage."

According to the system's usual style and common sense, the next stage would definitely be more difficult than killing a hundred Blood Dragon Beasts. If it wasn't for the Holy Flame's split attack, it would be impossible to deal with it in a short period of time. After all, there were too many of them. It would take a lot of time to kill them one by one.

So.

Rather than recklessly starting the trial now, it was better to take a good rest. By the time the next trial began, the Holy Flame’s cooldown would have already ended. After activating its skill, wouldn’t it be wonderful to crazily attack?

Soon.

Qin Sheng, who had already taken advantage of the time gap to eat his fill and get rid of his hunger, was forced to enter the third phase of the trial after the Sacred Flame CD was completed.

"Ding… The third stage of the Dragon God's trial has begun. Please kill 100 Dragonblood Warriors!"

As expected.

This trial followed the first stage's nine stages. Only, in terms of quantity and quality, it had become even more terrifying.

Except.

It was completely safe.

Without the presence of the holy flame and the need to split and injure Qin Luo, he would definitely be in so much pain that he would not want to live. His headache would be at its peak, but with the holy flame, the situation would be very different.

In less than three minutes, a hundred Dragon's blood warriors had died!

Ten minutes later.

"Ding… The fourth stage of the Dragon God trial has begun. Please kill 100 Dragonblood Archers!"

Another three minutes.

Another ten minutes later.

"Ding… The fifth stage of the Dragon God's trial has begun. Please kill 100 Dragon Speaker!"

This time, the battle situation was extremely tense.

The last time the Dragon Whisperer's formation had been broken was by the Sky Tremor Bomb. But this time, there were a hundred Dragon Whisperers and the number of people had increased. It was far from what a single Sky Tremor Bomb could handle. Qin Sheng did not waste any props either.

He would fight and retreat while avoiding the enemy.

It took him nearly twenty minutes to slay the last Dragon Speaker.

Then…

Ding… Dragon God's trial stage six has begun. Please kill 100 Dragon Shadow Assassins! '