Chapter 263: Barrier, Sky Water Array

-8155!

The sudden drop in his health bar caused Qin Luo to gasp.

This was a total of 200% Defense (Heart of the Brave 50%, Holy Flames 100%, and Bone Shield 50%). However, it was only a casual attack from Shui Wu that dealt over 8000 damage.

Furthermore!

Before the damage was dealt, there was still 10,000 points of tenacity.

If that was the case, wouldn't Shui Shihua be able to kill him with one strike?

Qin Luo shuddered.

F*ck!

Wasn't this too terrifying?

If he did not remember wrongly, the Water Venomous Snake's attack power was only 92,000. Even if his defense was zero, he would not have suffered such high damage. There was no critical hit.

“Brat, is this all you’ve got? This bit of ability will disappoint me.”

The Water Venomous Snake swam its body and quickly approached him. Although it was mocking him, its murderous intent was no joke.

"Don't worry, I promise to teach you an unforgettable lesson!"

When has my Zuan pianist ever been afraid of anyone?

“Eye of Black Brilliance!”

At the center of the crown of obsidian above his head, a closed slit suddenly opened. Just like the legendary Erlang Shen opening his Heaven’s Eye, a pitch-black vertical pupil opened. Demonic energy overflowed as it stared at the water spirit.

In an instant.

The water spirit that was swimming suddenly trembled, its huge snake eyes revealing fear.

"If your real body was here, I would have raised my hands and surrendered. But you are only a descendant of will, your body is made of energy, and you only have the shape. Your strength is also suppressed to the Gold rank, and your level is only 25. What can you do to me?"

Taking advantage of the effect of the Eye of Black Brilliance, the Water Venomous Snake entered a state of fear that lasted for three seconds. Qin Sheng sprinted to the side and avoided the path of the Water Venomous Snake's pursuit. Then, he controlled the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier and began to attack ferociously.

-5,2886!

-53,124!

-51,998!

…

The damage was as high as five digits, constantly appearing above the head of the water spirit.

Qin Luo Sheng's attacks had turned the sky and earth upside down after being augmented with many augmentation techniques. In addition, the Water Venomous Snake's attributes had decreased by 20% due to the effects of the Berserk Strike. Its defense was no longer as high as when it was at its peak. Under the absolute Critical Hit, it was reasonable for each strike to deal over 50,000 damage.

"This is really impressive!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed. "As expected of a water venomous snake that can evolve into a dragon by itself. It's much stronger than an earth dragon that's under the shadow of its bloodline. Disregarding everything else, in the same state, every strike of killing an earth dragon would cause about 150,000 damage. At this point, there's still 50,000 left. It's a total of two-thirds less."

“Brat, exactly who are you?”

After the three seconds of fear ended, Shui Wu regained his senses. Feeling his life force decreasing rapidly, he sucked in a breath of cold air and his eyes turned serious.

"Just an ordinary human being!"

Qin Qin replied.

"…"

What are you talking about?

Nothing special?

Why don't you go to heaven?

I am a beast of heaven and earth, an existence that is about to evolve into a dragon. Even if my strength is less than 10%, it is not something a weakling like you can shake, okay?

And now?

Not only was he able to control his mind, he had also used up more than a third of his life force during this short period of time.

How was this ordinary?

Then do you think that small success is directly confronting a real dragon?

"How agile!"

Qin Qin did not answer, and neither did Shui Wu.

Who doesn't have secrets?

Initially, they were not familiar with one another. Could it be that you want others to dig your lungs out?

Just finish the task of Lord Dragon God honestly. Don't think too much about the rest.

"He is the protagonist of the world after all. He is indeed blessed by the heavens. Compared to us Scaled Beasts, the cultivation of the human race is too easy. At such a young age, his combat ability is almost the same as when I trained for 200 years."

Shui Wu had a complicated expression.

He fought, and he didn’t go easy on her.

Except.

This battle ended badly.

His nimble body, which he had always prided himself on, was now completely crushed. In front of Qin Sheng, whose speed was boosted by a terrifying 1200%, his speed was like a newborn baby crawling. Not to mention attacking, even the shadow created by Qin Sheng's movement could not be seen clearly.

“Brat, be careful. I’m going to be serious.”

The Animal World, or even the Demon Beast World, was definitely not as beautiful as the human world. It was filled with danger at all times.

No one was easy to survive in the worst environment of nature. It was the same for the Water Venomous Snake. Who didn't have two trump cards?

"Barrier, Sky Water Array!"

The water spirit opened its mouth wide and spat out the water. At the same time, the surrounding water elements started to stir. Through the water spirit's spell, they became active.

"Not good!"

Qin Sheng, who had circled around the water spirit's back and slashed several times frantically, immediately sensed that something was amiss. However, he discovered it too late.

"What is this? A water prison?"

Qin Sheng felt his scalp tingle as he looked at the walls made of water, the array formation that resembled a prison cell, and then at the huge water dragon trapped inside.

“Brat, allow me to teach you a lesson today. In this world, relying solely on the power of weapons, the strength of one’s physical body, and secret techniques, one cannot go far.”

The Sky Water Formation had already been formed, and Qin Luo was like a turtle in a jar. The spirit was completely at ease and began to educate him. "You're too young. You must know that this world is vast and boundless. There are countless extraordinary people and strange people. Many times, it's not enough if you're strong. From ancient times until now, countless experts have fallen into the mysterious unknown. If you have too little knowledge, you'll easily be plotted against and die prematurely."

"Oh?" Qin Sheng's brows twitched as he asked, "Are you so sure you can eat me?"

“Whether it is or not, we’ll know once we try.”

Water Venomous Snake did not waste any time and immediately activated the array. In an instant, the four walls of water seemed to be connected to a sea river. A continuous stream of water gushed out, drowning the 50 square meters area.

"Since you know me as a water spirit, you should know who has the greater advantage in this narrow and water-filled place."

"This environment is indeed blessed by the heavens." Qin Luo praised. Without waiting for Shui Shen to reply, he immediately changed the topic. "However, you miscalculated.—In the water, I'm not bad either!"

“Water Spiritual Pearl?”

Shui Wu stared blankly at the faint glow around Qin Luo Sheng's body. Sensing the surge of energy, he instantly paled and exclaimed, "You actually have Water Spirit Pearl?"

What answered Shui Wu was a majestic sword Qi.

"The first skill with 50% health points is useless. What will happen to the second skill with 30% health points?"