Chapter 267: Hope Under Desperate Situation (1)

"It seems that I have grown a lot!"

Qin Luo Sheng was so excited that his entire body was trembling. He could not help but sigh when he thought of the encounter in the Devil's Den in the mine. "The once unreachable Epic Boss was tortured by Elder Feng in the mine. I never thought that in such a short period of time, I would be able to reach such a level by relying on my cheat enhancement skills. Even if this wyrm is only a weakened version, I'm already satisfied. It's just a level-23 small fry. With such an attribute panel, why would I need a bicycle?"

"I'm ready. Senior, let's begin!"

Time was limited.

Qin Sheng did not dare to waste even a tiny bit of time on an augmentation technique that relied on battle.

Now.

A sword slashed forward.

The 12-meter-long Sword Aura landed heavily on the wyrm's massive body, creating sparks as it rubbed against the dragon scales.

-8,2186!

With the support of Absolute Critical Hit, more than 80,000 yellow damage points exploded.

Awesome!

80,000 swords.

The jiao had 2.8 million health points.

He calculated silently.

He only needed 35 strikes to destroy him.

Now.

His attack speed had been boosted by four times of the holy flame and was nearly three times faster than normal. Without any interference, he could slash out eight to nine times in a second.

Still.

Flood dragons were not wooden people, they could still be kneaded.

However, Qin Luo's current speed was close to 4,000 points, far surpassing that of the flood dragon. Under the endless swimming, he could totally replicate the way he fought against the earth dragon and water snake.

In this way, even though there was no longer the most efficient method of standing up to deal damage, the wandering method of dealing damage was still the same. It was not greatly affected, just that there was an additional large portion of time to move and reduce the frequency of attacks.

Even so.

Basically, he could slash out four to five times in a second. If nothing went wrong, he could kill the water dragon within thirty seconds.

"Brat, you really made me see you in a different light!"

After receiving the blow passively and feeling the terrifying damage, the jiao also started to move. Its gigantic body was incomparably nimble as it flickered and moved. It chased after Qin Luo relentlessly, not giving Qin Sheng any chance to catch his breath.

"F*ck, isn't this B Speed only 800 points? Why do I feel that it's at least 2000 points?"

Plans could not keep up with changes.

Qin Luo understood what the dragon was doing. A true powerhouse could not be calculated according to the data on the panel. If he did, he would die a terrible death.

This time, it was only because his attributes had surpassed the jiao that he was unable to counterattack. Otherwise, that moment of carelessness would have killed him.

"No, we can't let this continue. We have to reduce the fighting prowess of the Serpentine Dragon. Otherwise, with his current strength, he will definitely die."

After being chased madly, Qin Luo Sheng's most ideal One Second Eight-Nine Swords had said goodbye. Even the more modest One Second Four-Five Swords would find it difficult to execute. To be able to slash out with one sword in each hand in one second was considered lucky.

"Dragon Might!"

His aura condensed as the blood of a True Dragon burned. Boundless dragon might spread out instantly. The flood dragon that was locked onto bore the brunt of it and was affected by it.

-280000!

A huge six-digit damage appeared, and 10% of its HP was deducted from the long HP bar of the jiao.

Not only that.

As its life force decreased, the Flood Dragon's attributes also decreased by 10%.

Besides.

Under the influence of the dragon's might, the Flood Dragon's smooth pursuit paused for a moment and fell into silence.

Taking advantage of this opportunity.

"Instant Slash!"

Qin Luo crossed the distance of ten meters and suddenly appeared under the dragon's head. Looking at his neck covered in dragon scales, he slashed down heavily without hesitation.

Following that…

“Shadow Escape!”

The ability to teleport within a five-meter radius brought Qin Sheng's body away from the wyrm and appeared above his head.

"Berserk Strike!"

He held the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] tightly with both hands and slammed it down heavily on the dragon's head.

Clang…

The sound of metal clashing rang out. Qin Luozheng felt his hands tremble, and the web between his thumb and index finger was in extreme pain. He had almost lost control of the Coiling Dragon Li Water.

It was too hard!

This level was simply explosive.

The sword edge of [Coiling Dragon Water] could not break through the defense.

Fortunately.

This was not a real battlefield, but a virtual battle.

Even though the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] could not break through the dragon scales' defense, his attack power had been enhanced and became explosive. It did not matter if the dragon scales were not broken, the damage was still calculated according to the attack and resistance of both parties.

-4,84116!

The five times damage from the Berserk Heavy Strike, together with the Critical Hit, was equivalent to ten times the damage. With just one slash, almost 500,000 HP of the jiao was cut off. It was extremely terrifying.

Except.

This was not what Qin Luo was concerned about.

"Ding! Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing serious injuries to the flood dragon. All attributes will be weakened by 10%!"

Tsk!

Only 10%?

Forget it.

With the effect of Dragon Might, it was equivalent to a 20% reduction.

This time.

With only 80% of its strength, the jiao should not be as rampant as before, right?

Flexible?

Hur!

Let's see how agile you are!

“Brat, you’re actually standing on this Exalted’s head?! Are you provoking this Exalted?!”

The dragon race was arrogant, how could they tolerate others desecrating their dignity?

Not to mention, Qin Sheng was an ant-like existence.

Undoubtedly.

Qin Luo Sheng stepped on the head of the flood dragon for the sake of a violent strike, which made the flood dragon somewhat furious.

"Get lost!"

The jiao lost 500,000 health points in one hit. After receiving such a heavy blow, it ignored it and stood at the front. It could not tolerate it.

However, so what if he was angry?

Dragons were not as agile as humans after all. They had many joints and could easily touch their entire body from 360 degrees without any blind spots. Therefore, the jiao could only move its body while its head shook violently in an attempt to throw Qin Sheng away.

"Don't be anxious, Old Tie. Let's have a good chat and deepen our relationship."

It was not easy for him to get up here. Qin Sheng was not an idiot. Why would he get down just because he said so?

Previously, he had been hunted down for one or two strikes in a second. Such terrible efficiency was simply a waste of this violent enhancement time.

Now that he was standing on the head of the flood dragon, even if one of his hands was tightly holding onto the dragon horn to prevent himself from being thrown down, the other hand was released. He unleashed his maximum speed and slashed four or five times in a second. This efficiency far exceeded the previous one or two strikes in a second. Only an idiot would give up.

"Courting death!"

After a long time, it could not break free. Instead, it was attacked crazily, and its health points dropped drastically. The jiao immediately let out a loud dragon roar.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

In the next moment, energy gathered and the water element in the space rapidly appeared. In an instant, it turned from water to extreme cold ice, forming sharp icicles filled with ice-cold killing intent. They emerged from the wyrm's body and ruthlessly stabbed towards Qin Sheng who was like a dog.