Chapter 266: Fight With All Your Trump Cards!

How should he fight?

Qin Luo was somewhat conflicted.

The water dragon was an Epic BOSS. It was much stronger than the water snake.

When fighting with the Water Venomous Snake, he could use lightning to unleash all of his abilities in order to defeat it in the shortest time possible.

Except.

This move would not work on the flood dragon.

Why?

As an Epic Boss, the overall strength of the Flood Dragon far exceeded that of the Water Venomous Snake. Be it health points, attack, defense, speed, etc., they were all too powerful.

Yet.

Other than the blitzkrieg, it was impossible to engage in a prolonged battle without support.

Fighting a protracted battle with a flood dragon was practically courting death.

Even if he couldn't hold on for much longer, it was certain that he couldn't.

Perhaps in this vast Dragon God Temple, he could rely on his agile body, his unpredictable speed, and the powerful life-saving ability of the shadow warriors to deal with the attacks of the flood dragons.

But what use was that?

This battle was not a survival game, but a game of chess. It was a cruel game of death that could only end when one side died.

However, it was meaningless to keep his life.

This way, they circled around and returned to their original location.

Only—

Fight to the death!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Shadow Banner!"

"Berserk Potion!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Heart of Courage!"

“Bone Shield Wall!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Ice Skin!"

In a single breath, Qin Luo had added nine augmentation skills in a frenzy. His strength had skyrocketed instantly.

“What a terrifying secret technique!”

Seeing this, even the wyrm, who was experienced and knowledgeable, was shocked and solemn. "No wonder you were able to defeat the water spirit and walk all the way here. You are indeed not simple."

Was he surprised?

It was not over yet!

Qin Luo Sheng curled his lips and unleashed his skill once more.

"Activate, Light of the Brave!"

"Light of the Brave has taken effect. Please choose where you infuse the Light of the Brave!"

"I choose the skill—Sacred Flame!"

"Successfully chosen. Light of the Brave has taken effect. The effects of the Holy Flame have been amplified!"

Awesome!

Qin Sheng felt that he was not hallucinating. He felt that with such power, he could even slaughter the dragon before him!

He opened the skill column—

Holy Flame: Exclusive Skill, LV1 (Upgradeable), Holy Flame, add it to my body, burn the sky and boil the sea, kill gods and exterminate demons. Passive effect, Light Resistance + 50%, Darkness Resistance + 50%. Active effect: After activation, all attributes increase by 200% and obtain Holy attributes. Deals eight times damage to Dark-type monsters. Immune to Light-type damage. Dark-type damage decreases to one-fourth. Normal attacks become Holy Attack. Attack range + 10 meters. Attribute Split Effect (Splash Damage is 80% of normal damage). Consumes 1,000 Mana per second. Duration: 3 minutes. Cooldown: 10 minutes!

Double!

An unparalleled double effect.

Apart from the passive effect and the duration and cooldown, everything else had been doubled.

The only flaw was that the consumption had also doubled, from 500 Mana Points to 1,000 Mana Points per second. However, under this terrifying increase, this small flaw was insignificant.

“Brat, you’ve truly astonished this Exalted.”

The sudden change scared the jiao.

As a powerhouse who had a deep understanding of the elements of heaven and earth, the violent energy that was continuously flowing out of Qin Sheng's body stimulated him wildly and even "threatened" him.

Even with the level and knowledge of a flood dragon, it had never encountered such a terrifying augmentation secret skill. This power was not an evil sacrifice, but was instead filled with a sacred feeling. It was not an evil technique, and it would not cause any serious side effects on the body.

In an instant.

Even the wyrm, who was in control of many heritage mystic arts, drooled in envy.

If he could possess such an augmentation secret technique, even if he was a flood dragon, his combat strength would not be too far off when challenging an evolved true dragon, right?

The greed in his heart had just risen, but it disappeared in a flash.

Under the will of the Dragon God, how could a small flood dragon be rash?

There were even many descendants he called juniors outside who could hang him up and beat him up.

After all.

He was only a flood dragon and was still far from evolving into a true dragon. As for those juniors who relied on the protection of their ancestors, they had pure dragon blood and were genuine true dragons. Their innate qualities were one level higher than his.

In any clan, the nobility of one’s bloodline was capable of suppressing one’s bloodline. This was unrelated to one’s strength or seniority.

The wyrm shook its head and sighed with unprecedented sincerity. "Sigh, I can't compare to you, I can't compare to you. Although my dragon race is strong, there are many restrictions. However, humans who are favored by the Heavenly Dao are different. Although they are born weak, they can grow infinitely and become infinitely stronger. They are born with a Dao Body and are compatible with the Dao and Dharma. All the living beings are envious of them!"

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

He activated another skill, Physical Damage + 20%, Attack Range + 2 meters!

Qin Luo Sheng opened his stats window that he had not opened for a long time to check out the stats of his stats window that had been boosted by all his skills. Just what sort of level had his stats reached?

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV23

Occupation: Shadow Warrior, Advanced Weapon Refinement Master

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 24880 (Secondary Reputation: Fate Temple 1000)

Power: None

Money: 1422 gold, 15 silver, 72 copper

Basic Attributes: Power 1022, Constitution 692, Agility 612, Spirit 625

Special Attribute: Luck 16, Charm Max, Enlightenment 8, Tenacity 18, Focus 13

Health: 114555 / 114555

Mana: 89,515 / 89,515

Physical Attack: 46,036 Left Hand

Magic Attack: 4,624

Physical Defense: 15204

Magic Defense: 1920

Speed: 38,58

Dodge: 45%

Critical Hit: 55%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 50% Light, 50% Dark, 0% Poison

Explosion!

Invincible!

I want to go to heaven!

Qin Luo's ego swelled instantly.

This attribute panel was extremely fierce.

Apart from the fact that his magic defense was not satisfactory, he also had unattainable Health Points and Mana Points. Which of the rest was not a complete dragon?