Chapter 269: Explosion, Dragon Blood Ignites Death

“It really is the power of laws!”

The wyrm did not mock Qin Sheng because he had lost his soul and was on the verge of collapse. On the contrary, his face was filled with shock. His dragon eyes narrowed slightly, with a hint of fear in them. "Just now, I thought I would be destroyed by a single sword strike! Never would I have thought that an ant-like human like you would actually be able to peer into the opportunities of heaven and earth and clearly understand the power of laws. Truly inconceivable."

Qin Sheng:…

"What a pity. What a pity that it failed at the last moment." The flood dragon sighed and said, "Too weak. Your nomological powers are too weak. Perhaps you are unable to use its powers at all, causing even this avatar of mine to be helpless against it. You have to know that those eminences can use the nomological powers to vanquish their enemies with a single sentence. They can destroy a country with a single sentence. They can even change the Heaven, Earth, Mountains, Suns, and Stars."

???

Are you kidding me?

If I had this ability, I would have glared at you to death. Why are you still acting cool here?

“Brat, your trump card is already useless. Do you still have any other moves? Seeing that you’ve allowed me to experience the power of the legendary Laws, I’ll especially give you another chance.”

Was there a trick?

Of course!

I've come this far step by step. How can I give up so easily?

"It seems like everything has returned to the starting point!"

Qin Qin Sheng took a glance at the wyrm's full health and blue body and sighed slightly.

“However, I have yet to admit defeat!”

A roar.

Battle intent surged into the sky.

“What a terrifying battle intent. Is he really just a teenager?”

The water dragon took a few steps back as its eyes were filled with astonishment.

“Undying Battle Will!”

Low and deep shouts sounded like the beating of war drums. Ten thousand troops were shouting, their killing intent overflowing, making one’s expression change.

'Ding… Your current state is compatible. Undying Battle Intent activated successfully!

Ding… Physical Attack + 20506 (Strength: 1022 * 23), 100% absolute Critical Hit, Attack Range + 2 meters (Level 23 / 10 * 1), Duration:???!

(Indestructible Battle Intent cannot be upgraded. Passive effect: Physical Attack + 20%, Physical Critical Hit + 10%. Active effect: Only with a strong will to fight can it be activated. Indestructible Battle Intent. Effect lasts forever. Attack + X (X is a level * strength). Obtained 100% absolute Critical Hit. Attack Range + Xm (X is a level / 10 * Class Advancement number)! Cooldown: One day!)

"Come!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared and looked at the wyrm. He raised his hands and pointed his sword horizontally with the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands. "The second half has begun!"

"Another trump card? What a terrifying brat!"

The wyrm's dragon eyes narrowed. "However, that's all. It can't do anything to me!"

Swish!

Ignoring the jiao's disturbing words, Qin Sheng launched a brazen attack.

At this moment.

With a range of 14 meters, the surging Sword Aura exploded and struck the jiao's body.

-7,2442!

Without the Skywolf's multiplication effect, the original 60,000 + attacks were halved.

Yet.

The opening of the Undying Battle Intent added another 20,000 attacks.

In this way, he only lost about three thousand attacks. It had some impact, but nothing serious.

Plus.

The wyrm only recovered its health points and mana, but the battle was not over yet. The effects of the Dragon's Might and the Berserk Strike were still there.

The jiao only had 80% of its attributes.

battle.

He seemed to have returned to the beginning.

What was different from before was that Qin Luo Sheng had erupted and so had the flood dragon. Both of them had lost their skills. That was all.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

If one hit dealt 70,000 damage and was disrupted, one could deliver about five strikes in a second. In other words, one could deal 350,000 damage in a second, and 3.5 million damage in 10 seconds.

The total health points of the jiao were only 2.8 million.

If the jiao did not possess the power of the Sunflower Dew True Formula, he would be killed by Qin Sheng, who had gone berserk after eight seconds.

80%!

60%!

30%!

Soon.

Under Qin Luo's fierce attack, the dragon's health bar was depleted to 30%.

“You actually managed to accomplish such a feat. This Exalted must praise you.”

The wyrm's tone was full of admiration. "But reality is cruel in the end. You still have a long way to go. You really lack the foundation. You have to know that strong combat strength does not mean that your strength is the same.—Sunflower Dew True Formula Rising!"

"Ding! Due to unknown reasons, the Flood Dragon's health points have recovered by 50%. Mana points have recovered by 50%. Attack + 100%. Defense + 100%. Speed + 100%. Duration: 10 minutes!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Clang…

-3,5442!

The Sword Aura hit.

Yet.

The damage this time was not more than 70,000, but only 30,000.

Because.

The dragon's defense had doubled.

"D * mn system, are you really trying to kill me?"

Qin Sheng felt a wave of despair as he watched the dragon whose Health Points had instantly recovered to 80% and whose strength had skyrocketed.

It was already so difficult to fight a flood dragon in its normal state.

Now.

The jiao evolved and its strength increased exponentially. Furthermore, it lasted for as long as ten minutes. It was impossible to drag it out even if one wanted to.

How was he supposed to continue playing?

How could this be played?

‘ I’m sorry.’

It was gone.

Find a place to bury him!

"Is this an Epic Boss? It's indeed extraordinary. I'm done for!"

Under such a huge disparity, Qin Luo Sheng did not even have the mood to transform into Zu An's madman. "The dragon race is simply a bug race. Why the hell would I believe those nonsense and come to participate in this dog's trial? Each and every challenge was arduous and exhausting. It was not easy for me to make it here and finally see the light of victory, but I was destroyed again and again. It's really—enough!"

Was it fun to tease people?

He clearly had such an inexplicable ability.

Whether it was instantaneous recovery or instantaneous berserk transformation, it made people despair.

Besides.

The most terrifying 10% HP burst was not forced out.

No wonder he was so calm.

Except.

You shouldn't have fooled me.

Perhaps my strength is insufficient and I can't do anything to you, but even if I die, I will bite off a piece of flesh from your body and let you know what it means to be 'a scholar can be killed but not humiliated'!

“Dragon blood—- Burning Death!”

Qin Luo's bloodshot eyes lit up the true dragon's blood within his body.

At this moment.

He no longer thought about what the final ninth trial would be like. The current him only wanted one thing:

Kill this bastard!

(PS: [Dragon Blood Burning Death] has no consumption. Ignites the True Dragon's blood in your body and awakens the mighty power of the dragon. Effect: All attributes + 99%, Attack + 99%, Defense + 99%, Speed + 99%, Attack Speed + 99%, Additional effects of madness, pain reduction. At the same time, Attack has an additional plundering effect. It can absorb the vitality of the target to replenish your physical strength. Duration: 10 minutes, Cooldown: Three days. After using the skill, you will fall into a one day weak state.)

"Blood of the True Dragon?"

A mighty dragon's might swept out. The flood dragon that Qin Luo Sheng had tightly locked onto shuddered uncontrollably from the impact and cried out involuntarily, "The highest grade true dragon's blood? Lord Dragon God, what exactly is the treasure you left behind? A human actually awakened the highest grade true dragon's blood after signing a bloodline contract!! This is a pure bloodline that even the current Dragon Emperor can't compare to!"