Chapter 261: Viper (2)

Ding… Dragon God's trial stage six has begun. Please kill 100 Dragon Shadow Assassins! '

This trial was harder than the previous one.

The Dragon Speech Magician was strong, but he was a fragile Magician after all. He was a counter to warriors, and it depended on whether he could get close.

However, Longshadow Assassins were different as Bandits. They were incomparably agile and specialized in concealment. Even under the effect of Dragon's Might, the first wave of concealment failed and lost the greatest capital to assassinate. Nevertheless, it was still a physical melee. Its defense and HP were much higher than a mage's. It took more than half an hour to destroy Qin Sheng after a tough battle.

"So much time has passed?"

Qin Luo sat down on the ground and gulped down three bottles of water before stopping. He opened the mission panel and looked at the countdown timer with a dark expression.

2: 26: 38!

It had been less than two and a half hours.

"Let's continue!"

He glanced at the cooldown time of the skill. Only the Heart of the Brave and the Holy Flame were left with tens of seconds. The others had already finished cooling down. Qin Sheng waited until all the CDs were turned before he stepped forward and activated the mechanism with ease.

"Ding… The sixth stage of the Dragon God's trial has been completed. Are you ready to open the seventh stage? (Current remaining time: 8 minutes 37 seconds!)"

"Activate!"

Qin Luo confirmed calmly.

"In the preliminary stage of the first stage of the trial, it was the Earth Dragon that appeared after the Dragon Shadow Assassin. I just hope that the Boss that appeared this time is not too ridiculous!"

As he pondered, a huge summoning array appeared.

After a while.

Under Qin Luo's watchful gaze, a strange-looking giant snake crawled out.

[Water Venomous Snake (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 25

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 350,000

Physical Attack: 9200

Magic Attack: 4800

Physical Defense: 4000

Magic Defense: 3,500

Speed: 680

Skills:???

Introduction: Water Venomous Snake, a legendary mutant snake. It is highly toxic and usually hides in the rivers and seas. It hides in a water source that few people can find. It cultivates stealthily and breathes the light of the stars and moon in anticipation of transforming into a dragon.

Water Venomous Snake?

Qin Luo was stunned for a moment before his expression changed drastically.

Others might not know, but as a man who loved to read strange novels, he knew exactly what a water spirit was.

Although the Water Venomous Snake was only a snake, it was not an ordinary snake. Instead, it was a mutated snake. It only needed five hundred years to transform into a flood dragon and another thousand years to transform into a dragon. This was much faster than other snakes.

Compared to the earth dragon, which only had a tiny bit of the dragon bloodline and had been passed down for many generations, the Water Venomous Snake was undoubtedly much stronger as a dragon.

‘ Let’s see.’

He had over a million Health Points, a Attack Power of 9,200, and dual-cultivation. His dual defense was also shockingly high.

"Is this the second guardian BOSS?"

Qin Luo felt dizzy.

"A human brat? Why would a human brat appear in the Dragon God Hall?"

The Water Venomous Snake appeared, but it did not act like the Earth Dragon. Instead, it propped itself up and looked down at Qin Luo Sheng like a giant dragon in the sky. Its vertical snake eyes were filled with interest as it spoke, "I didn't expect the Dragon God to summon my will and condense an energy body to test a human instead of a descendant of the dragon race."

"Greetings, senior." Qin Luo Sheng was speechless and could only greet him respectfully. When encountering an old demon who could speak human language, there was no need to say anything else. It would be right to be polite.

"An interesting young man." Shui Wu asked, "Why are you in the Dragon God Hall?"

"Er, it's a long story." Qin Sheng was stunned for a moment, but he still told Qin Luo what had happened in short sentences.

"Oh? You dare to covet the Dragon Clan's treasure left behind by the Dragon God? Should I say that you're audacious or that you don't know the immensity of heaven and earth?" There was a hint of laughter in Shui Wu's tone.

"That was just an accident," Qin Luo argued.

"Forget it, there's no such thing as an accident," Shui Shihua said. "But you don't have to be nervous. The path of cultivation is to defy the heavens and change fate. As long as you can become stronger, you shouldn't miss any opportunity. This trial is your opportunity. You have to grasp it well."

Qin Luo Sheng replied respectfully, "Thank you for your guidance, Senior."

"Don't. I'm just mentioning it. I'm not teaching you." Shui Shihua shook his head. "Since you were able to convince the descendants of the dragon race on the Dragon Island and successfully came to the Dragon God Hall, and even obtained the Dragon God's permission to specially open a trial for an outsider like you, and even summoned my will, it seems that you're not simple either."

"No, I'm just an ordinary little human." Qin Luo hurriedly shook his head and denied it.

Brother, please don't drink milk.

“I’m just an ordinary person. Don’t think too highly of me. Bring out your strength and pride. Don’t be polite and look down on me.

Damn.

If a big shot like you were to get serious, how could a small fry like me survive?

"Don't worry, I still understand the Dragon God's call." Shui Wu's snake eyes were filled with wisdom, as if he had seen through Qin Sheng's thoughts. He said, "Since it's a trial, it should be a trial. I won't go easy on you."

Upon hearing this, Qin Sheng's face instantly turned bitter.

"You don't have to worry so much. The trial isn't a life-and-death battle. Otherwise, with your tiny arms and legs, forget about the Dragon God Hall. Any one of those useless descendants on the Dragon Island can kill you thousands of times over."

Done.

Big brother, stop talking.

I f*cking know that I'm weak, but you don't have to be so direct, right? Don't I, Qin, care about my face?

“Since this is a trial, it will naturally be determined by your strength.”

Shui Shihua ignored Qin Sheng, who had a look of shame and anger on his face. He continued, "However, I'm quite interested. With your weak strength, you were actually able to make the Dragon God summon my will. I really can't figure it out."

You can't figure it out?

I can't figure it out either!

Big brother, is it not fun to let your Lord Dragon God honestly arrange some miscellaneous fish to play with? Must he let a big shot like you personally make a move and f*ck him? Are you still giving the novices a way out?

Now that you, Water Venomous Snake, are showing off in front of me and ridiculing me, are you going to send out your true dragon and drown me with your saliva?

Was this the difficulty of SSS?

It was indeed impressive.

Love, love!

"Although I can't understand why the Dragon God thinks so highly of me and arranged such a high level trial for you, you don't have to be so pessimistic. My will summoned by the Dragon God has been greatly restricted because of this energy body. It's very weak."