Chapter 265: What Are You Talking About?!

WDNMD!

What kind of monster was this?

As he looked at the dragon's attributes, Qin Luo could feel his face contorting.

After Elder Feng, he finally saw another Epic Boss.

Except.

This BOSS appeared at the wrong time. It actually became a stumbling block in his trial.

Normally,

For an existence like a flood dragon, once it encountered Qin Sheng, it would definitely run as far away as possible without even bringing its head back.

However, this was a trial by fire.

“I’m too hard.”

Qin Luo Sheng almost cried.

First, it was the Water Venomous Snake. Now, it was the Flood Dragon. Was it a f*cking True Dragon after the Flood Dragon?

Was SSS really that difficult?

Can you do some human work and give me a way out?

"Oh? It seems to have been more than 300 years since the last time the Dragon God Hall opened, right? I didn't expect that the trial this time would actually be a human brat. This is rather surprising."

Since the Water Venomous Snake could speak human language, a flood dragon that was one level higher than him was naturally not inferior.

At their level, they were no longer like the Dragonblood Beasts or the Dragonshadow Assassins. They had no consciousness and could only follow their instincts and orders to fight. Wouldn't it be wonderful to have a wave of verbal attacks and venting before the battle? Wouldn't it be much better to fight?

“I’m surprised, too.”

Since the wyrm had taken the initiative to request for a conversation, Qin Sheng naturally wouldn't refuse. He looked at the thirty-meter long body that was emitting a tremendous dragon might and said with a bitter smile, "I didn't expect that even an existence like you would appear in the trial. You really think highly of me!"

“Indeed, this Exalted also has some suspicions.”

The wyrm nodded in a rather humane manner and said, "This is the highest level of trial. Even the descendants of our race rarely enter the Dragon God Hall, let alone open such a difficult trial. Kid, it looks like you have quite a few secrets on you."

“No, I’m not. Don’t be ridiculous.”

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly waved his hands and denied three times. "I'm just a puny human. I'm just a weakling. Please don't misunderstand, big brother."

"Alright, stop acting in front of me. Your little tricks can't hide from me." The wyrm said, "I don't understand you, but how could the Dragon God make a mistake? Whether it's because your strength and potential are favored, or because of other reasons, the Dragon God opening the highest level of the trial is equivalent to admitting you. Do you think I would be so stupid as to think that an existence that opens the highest level of the trial is weak?"

Qin Sheng:…

He wanted to cry but had no tears!

Big boss.

Listen to my excuses… No, listen to me, I was really forced!

Who the f*ck would wish for the highest standard trial?

F*ck!

Couldn't he just do it at the minimum? He could just go through the process. It would be great if everyone was happy!

But.

Look at what your Lord Dragon God did?

He even summoned a wyrm that was second only to a true dragon. How disgusting! Was he afraid that he wouldn't die?

"Hiding in the famed mountains and great rivers, drinking morning dew and refining the moonlight at night, it's really quite boring."

Ignoring Qin Luo who was scowling on the verge of tears, the flood dragon said with interest, "Although this is Lord Dragon God's arrangement and I wouldn't dare or go easy on you, I can still give you a little reward. Come, tell me your story. If it's interesting, after you defeat me, I'll give you a big gift."

Qin Luo Sheng: "???"

Big brother, what are you talking about!?

If you want to freeload, just say it.

Only by defeating you will there be a reward?

I chuckled.

Why don't you just say: If you don't tell me a story, you will die for me?

"The thing is…"

Although he was complaining, Qin Luo Sheng still repeated the story honestly. It was exactly the same as what he had told the water venomous snake. Since it was a simplified version of the castrated version, it would not take long for him to tell it.

Even if the big shot in front of him could not go easy on him, it would be good if he could form a good relationship with him. Perhaps when he met his real body in the future, it would be good to have a familiar face.

"You're really daring!"

After hearing that, the jiao could not help but laugh. There was some anger and admiration in its eyes. "You even dared to steal the treasure that the Dragon God left for his descendants. Have you eaten a bear's heart and leopard's gall?"

Qin Luo was sweating profusely. "An accident? That's really an accident."

"Forget it. Since the descendants of the younger generation have given you a chance to bring you to the Dragon God Hall, and the Dragon God has also acknowledged you and opened the trial for you, I won't say much."

The wyrm spoke indifferently, "However, I will absolutely not allow the precious treasure of my dragon race to fall into the hands of another race. If it was in the ancient era, your ashes would have long been scattered. How could there still be today's trial? Unfortunately, this era is the era of your human race. Perhaps, this is also the reason why our descendants compromised."

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

"Forget it!"

The wyrm sighed. "The world has changed and times have changed. Now, it's no longer the world where the dragon race reigns. Even though the dragon race is blessed by the heavens, we can't go against the trend of the Heavenly Dao.—The Heavenly Dao can't be defied!"

After sighing, the wyrm looked at Qin Sheng and said in a serious tone, "I will not go against the will of the Dragon God, but this concerns the future of the dragon race. I will definitely give it my all. Since you have been recognized by the Dragon God and his descendants and have even defeated the Water Venomous Snake, you must have something extraordinary about you. I believe that you have already planned your battle with me, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't be so calm."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What are you talking about? I know the words. Why can't I understand anything?

Calm down?

Calm your head!

I was scared by your Heavenly Dao!

"Forget it, it's useless to say more. You can think whatever you want. As the saying goes, go all out. Haha, you say it as if it's nothing. Under the will of the Dragon God, you dare to go easy?"

Qin Luo was speechless. He only silently drew out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], using his actions to express his wishes. "Time is limited. We can't delay like this. If we continue to talk nonsense like this, the dragon egg will be f*cking hatched and we'll fail the trial. In any case, it's just a matter of life and death. So what if it's a flood dragon? Let's just do it."

"Hu…"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and stood with his sword in hand. His entire body exuded a strong battle intent. "Please enlighten me, senior!"

"Interesting!"

The wyrm narrowed his eyes and looked at Qin Luo. This little one in front of him was not like the rest of the human race. He was either scared to the point of pissing his pants or kneeling on the ground and shivering. Instead, he was overflowing with fighting spirit and showed no fear at all. Instantly, his interest was piqued. "Teach me? Sure! Sure!"