Chapter 264: Eighth Trial: Jiao!

What was Shui Wu's second explosive skill?

Qin Qin Sheng soon found out.

Poison!

Terrifying poison!

This was Shui Wu's second trump card.

As a water snake and a mutated species among water snakes, the poison of a water snake was extremely toxic.

"F*ck, this is really catching a turtle in a jar!"

With the water prison, Qin Luo knew that he could not escape. The water snake did not hold back at all. It infected the water source with poison and prepared to fire its cannons.

Aren't you able to run? Aren't you fast? I'll poison the entire Heavenly Water Array's barrier and see how you can run!!

"Spatial Jump!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not escape, but he could "fly"!

No matter how idiotic Qin Sheng was, he would not choose to test himself against the venom of a water snake.

After all.

His current poison resistance was a huge zero, and the antidote in his backpack was of a low grade. It was impossible for him to cure the venom of the venomous snake. If he continued to stay in the water prison, he would definitely die. Under such circumstances, who would continue to stay in the Sky Water Formation and seek death?

"Spatial ability?"

The prey had already broken free from the trap, and the Water Venomous Snake did not expend any Dharmic powers to maintain the Heavenly Water Formation. After dispersing, he looked at Qin Sheng with a look of shock. "You brat, you have quite a few secrets on you!"

"Not at all, not at all. How can my meager skills catch senior's eye?"

Qin Luo Sheng spoke modestly, but his feet were not slow and his hands did not stop. He did not waste a second and continued attacking.

It was as if they had returned to the previous situation.

However…

What was slightly different was that Water Venomous Snake's health had already fallen below 30%, while Qin Sheng's augmentation skill had already entered the single digit countdown.

30%!

25%!

20%!

15%!

"Ding, your augmentation skill—Sirius, effect time is over!"

Ding…

Ding…

A series of system prompts rang out beside his ear, and Qin Sheng's stats immediately plummeted.

At this moment.

Apart from the Heart of the Brave, the Berserker's Blood Spell, and the Shadow Devil's Block, which had a one-minute duration of effect, the remaining three minutes of holy flames were all gone.

The attack continued.

-23448!

-23,314!

-2,3502!

The damage was reduced by more than half.

Still.

There were still a few augmentation skills that could deal five-digit damage. It was enough.

"Brat, is the secret technique over?"

As the Water Venomous Snake who had always been beaten up, he immediately sensed Qin Sheng's change. Not only did he sense energy, but the sword qi that landed on his body was greatly weakened.

"It seems that you should be like this. In that case, let me help you free yourself. Go back and cultivate properly before coming back. If you can't even pass this stage of mine, there's no hope for you in Lord Dragon God's trial."

Water Venomous Snake twisted its huge body and propped up its front body, looking down. Its pair of cold snake eyes sent chills down Qin Sheng's spine.

“No, I’m through with you.”

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng also stopped attacking.

“If fate wills it, I will definitely fight senior again.”

Raising his head, Qin Sheng said to Shui Wu earnestly, "Thank you for your guidance, senior."

"Dragon Might!"

-100,000!

He had been hiding it all this time and had kept it hidden until the final killing move was finally used.

Shui Shihua, who was gathering energy and preparing to cast a spell, froze. His consciousness instantly dissipated, and the energy body that was materialized through the Dragon God Diagram immediately turned into specks of light and disappeared.

"What a godly skill!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the EXP bar that went from 12% to 89% and smiled brightly. "The existence of this Dragon's Might forcibly deprives 10% of all attributes. It's simply the bane of the Boss. With it around, the Boss' strongest trump card that can explode with 10% health points will definitely be stifled to death."

A series of explosions erupted, bright and sparkling.

Unfortunately.

There were only colorful crystal coins.

"Another pure Dragon Origin?"

Qin Sheng picked up dozens of crystal coins into his backpack and opened his stats window with a ball of light that was exactly the same as the pure Dragon Source that the Earth Dragon had dropped earlier.

[Water Venomous Snake's Core Qi]

Type: Materials

Grade: Epic

Effect: Weapon Forging

Introduction: The Demonic Core Qi of the Water Venomous Snake is filled with a huge amount of energy. It can be used to refine weapons and become an energy core!

An Epic material?

Pretty good.

Even though he was unable to master it at the moment, as his smithing skills were only at the advanced tier, and he had yet to put it into practice, he was still a noob after obtaining the heritage. However, just the word 'epic' was already valuable enough. There was nothing much to say about it, and he would definitely be able to use it in the future.

He put it away.

"I wonder how many more trials there are."

Leaning against one of the Coiling Dragon Golden Pillars, Qin Sheng sat down on the ground to rest. As he drank water to replenish his moisture, he pondered. "The seventh trial is already an existence like the Water Venomous Snake. Even if it's only the descent of the will, the restriction on the performance of the physical body, and the fact that its strength is suppressed to the point of being on par with mine, it's still an old monster that has lived for countless years. Its outlook and strength, the combat experience and secret techniques it possesses, are not something that I can compare to without a foundation. If I hadn't relied on external modifications, I would have long fallen."

"It's already so difficult to deal with a single Water Venomous Snake. I really don't know how to deal with it later on. Now, other than those skills that have been in cooldown for too long, I've already used all my other trump cards. If there are still two more trials, it would be good. If there are more, I can only retreat quietly and die in the trials."

"Sigh, it's really hard for me."

Qin Luo Sheng took out the dragon egg and looked at the dragon egg that was connected to him by blood and had the same heartbeat. He sighed. "For you, little fellow, I've been conned by your elders to the point of no return. After a series of fierce battles, I've almost lost my shit. You have to fight for me. Please bless your ancestor, the Dragon God, to never make things difficult for me, this chicken."

Hearing that.

The dragon egg shook a few times as if it was really responding.

"Are you conscious?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he was instantly overjoyed. "It looks like it's time to hatch. I'm about an hour away from being born and it's a bloodline contract with me. It's only right for me to respond!"

“Wait for me, little one.”

The dragon egg's response made Qin Luo's confidence explode. "Whether it's for you or for myself, I must win this trial."

Ten minutes later.

Ding… Dragon God's trial stage seven complete. Are you ready to begin stage eight? '

"Activate!"

A familiar summoning array appeared.

Not long after.

A head with two horns reached out first.

“Nani?”

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng could not help but scream.

He had originally thought that he was calm enough, but when he saw the monster that had flown out of the summoning array, Qin Sheng had still broken through his defense instantly and lost his rationality.

Dragon?

A dragon?

I c

M!

What kind of trial was this?

‘ Don’t you feel uncomfortable, Ski, if you don’t screw someone to death?’

Probing skill!

[Dragon (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 25

Health: 2800000

Mana: 650000

Physical Attack: 15,800

Magic Attack: 10,000

Physical Defense: 7,500

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 800

Skills:???

Introduction: Jiao, a water beast that possesses the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. It is cultivated by the Water Venomous Snake and evolved from a snake to a Jiao. It has comprehended the powers of heaven and earth and has just glimpsed into the body of a True Dragon. After cultivating for another thousand years, it can transform into a True Dragon and become the leader of the Scaled Worms, the Supreme of the Water race.