Chapter 271: Don'T Regret It

"It's this power, this fascinating power!"

After evolving into a dragon, the dragon had gone through a two-level reversal. It no longer cared about Qin Sheng anymore. It ignored him completely. It sensed the power of the true dragon's power and had gone a little crazy.

"No matter how many times, I will always be mesmerized by this indescribable power."

The flood dragon laughed wildly. "A true dragon, a true dragon! From a venomous snake to a flood dragon, and then from a flood dragon to a dragon. This process has stumped countless clansmen, and countless clansmen have turned into pure white bones on the road they were pursuing."

“This Exalted has cultivated for over 3,000 years. I’ve broken out from an ignorant egg, and then I’ve struggled to survive. I grew up in misery, and I’ve come into contact with cultivation methods… I’ve cultivated for over 3,000 years, day and night, and I’ve never slacked off for a single moment. It was all for the sake of being able to break free from my restraints one day and soar freely in the sky.”

Qin Sheng:…

“Unfortunately, this power is ultimately not mine.”

After sighing, the jiao's expression became determined again. "However, it's not far now. Not long later, I will be able to leap over the dragon gate and complete the evolution of life. From now on, I will be able to transcend the mortal world and become an immortal."

"I say, is it really okay for you to ignore me like this? We're still fighting."

Qin Sheng could not help raising his hand and speaking weakly as he looked at the dragon who was immersed in his own fantasies.

"Battle? Hahahaha…"

The jiao was silent for a moment before it burst into laughter.

“Brat, do you still not understand? Ever since this Exalted used the secret skill to obtain this short amount of True Dragon’s power, you have been completely eliminated.”

In the face of such disdainful belittling, Qin Luo Sheng did not show the slightest bit of dissatisfaction. He merely remained silent and said nothing.

What else could he do?

There was no way to refute that!

“Your strength is no longer a threat to me. No matter how much you struggle, you won’t be able to overcome the gap between us.”

The voice of the wyrm was low and deep, but it was as deafening as the morning bell. "You are just an ordinary person, while my true self has already transcended the latitude of the mortal world and evolved into a true dragon. This is just like the 'immortal' that you humans speak of. Tell me, can you defeat a great existence that is half a step into the 'immortal' level?"

No!

Absolutely not!

But so what?

If he couldn't win, would he not dare to fight?

As long as I still want to fight, my undying battle intent will never be extinguished!

"Dragon… Soul… Charge… Strike!"

Without the augmentation of the holy flame, Qin Sheng was still standing 10 meters away from Qin Luo. He launched his attack and activated the ultimate skill of [Coiling Dragon Water].

Buzz…

Energy condensed rapidly.

In an instant, the dragon soul swimming on the sword edge of [Coiling Dragon Water] was activated. It borrowed the influence of the true dragon's blood in its body to form an energy projection that transformed into the appearance of a dragon, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws in an awe-inspiring manner.

"Go!"

Carrying Qin Luo's unyielding will and final hope, the dragon soul energy charged towards the real dragon without hesitation, emitting a high-pitched and sharp dragon's roar.

"Ang…"

The roar of a dragon shook the heavens, and the might of a dragon surged.

Qin Luo's ferocious attack landed heavily on the wyrm's body under its expectant gaze.

Yet.

-65,118!

What?

The 500% damage from the Dragon Soul Strike, coupled with the doubling of Critical Hit, was only ten times the damage. Why did it only cause more than 60,000 health damage?

"Is this your final trump card?"

The wyrm did not dodge or evade. It took Qin Sheng's furious attack head-on. Lowering its head, it looked at the attack that did not even leave a mark on its body and said indifferently, "Truly, too weak!"

Too weak!

Too weak!

It was done!

There was no disdain, no contempt, no ridicule. However, this calm and cold attitude, the strongest blow he had delivered in his rage, was as insignificant as a mosquito bite in Qin Luo's eyes. His eyes immediately turned bloodshot.

"Bastard, don't look down on me!"

Qin Sheng, who was already excited because of his undying battle intent and because of the Dragon Blood Ignition, suffered a great mental breakdown after being affected by the jiao. He instantly lost his rationality and did not care whether he would die or not. He immediately charged towards the jiao like a mad dog.

Even if he died, Qin Luo would die in battle!

“Mad Shadow Slash!”

His body turned into countless shadows and with the jiao as the center, he kept moving in and out. Sharp sword slashes landed crazily and 100% of the attacks hit the jiao. The jiao received all of the attacks without missing a single strike.

However…

MISS!

MISS!

MISS!

-1,242!

MISS!

…

Among the countless MISS, there would occasionally be one or two insignificant five-digit damage. This was nothing to the Flood Dragon, who had five million total health points.

"The difference is too great!"

Even the ultimate move of the Shadow Warrior could only produce such an unsightly effect?

Qin Qin Sheng was in despair.

The absolute suppression of strength was not something that could be made up for with maneuvering and technique.

Too strong.

The current flood dragon was simply way too strong.

This was only a half-step legend. A true dragon, a true legendary expert. Just how abnormal was that?

"Is that all?"

The wyrm was still as calm as ever. "I've already given you two chances since you've pleased me. Now, I'll give you one last chance. Come, please me to your heart's content! Hahahaha…"

Haha!

Last chance.

When did I, Qin Sheng, have to rely on others to fight?

Unmoving as a mountain, he allowed the attack.

This sort of humiliation was truly infuriating!

Yet.

So what if he was popular?

Since he was not as skilled as her, he could only hold it in.

"There's no moves left, there's really no moves left!"

Qin Luo had a pained expression on his face. "I've unleashed all that I could and used all that I could. All my skills are in CD. Those props that I've used as treasures can't change the situation. I'm already gone."

"The highest level of SSS-rank difficulty really makes one despair. It's not something that players can clear at all. Just like my SSS-rank talent, Lord of Stars, it's completely a bug."

Eh…

Wait.

The Lord of the Stars!

Qin Luo suddenly thought of something and hurriedly opened his stats window, quickly browsing through the stats of the Lords of the Stars.

"Why? Have you run out of tricks?"

Qin Luo lowered his head and did not move for a long time. The flood dragon frowned and urged, "Since that's the case, I'll send you on your way. Cultivate well, little brat. Perhaps one day, we'll meet again. When the time comes, I'll give you a chance to take revenge and allow you to fight again."

"Fine!"

Just as the dragon was about to attack, Qin Luo suddenly stretched out his hand and stopped him. "What you just said, does it count?"

"Of course." The jiao stopped its attack and looked at Qin Sheng, whose eyes were once again burning with battle intent. "My word carries weight."

"Very good!" Qin Luo nodded in satisfaction as his lips curled into a strange smile. "Don't regret it!"