Chapter 270: Desperate Evolution, Legendary Boss

Wild Slash!

Wild Slash!

Wild Slash!

Qin Sheng, who had gone berserk, had perfectly demonstrated what it meant to be berserk.

Facing the flood dragon whose strength had reached a whole new level, he was not afraid, nor did he cower.

Attack!

Attack!

It was still an attack!

Even though the wyrm was unwilling to fall behind, it still joined the battle in a frenzy.

Yet.

Under the effects of the Dragon's Blood, the blood of the True Dragon was ignited. Qin Sheng, who had been excited previously (Indestructible Battle Intent), instantly transformed into a berserk demon and attacked the jiao fearlessly.

Right.

It was a fight.

As long as it was not the crushing pressure of Mount Tai on his ferocious body, or the violent sweeping of the dragon's tail that sent him flying, or merely the dragon's claw attack, or the dragon's breath, Qin Sheng did not dodge or evade, but directly took it head on.

Comparing damage?

Come on!

WHO Afraid of WHO?

I have 20% Life-Steal of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and 100% Life-Steal of the [Dragon Blood Ignition]. I have 120% Life-Steal ability. As long as you can't kill me in one hit, you won't be able to control me, and you won't be able to stop my attacks. Then I will be invincible. Why would I be afraid of you?

70%!

50%!

30%!

10%!

Under Qin Luo's completely suicidal fighting style, the dragon's health points dropped rapidly. Very soon, it was approaching the 10% threshold of life and death.

"It's been a long time since I've fought to my heart's content!"

The jiao stretched its neck and exclaimed, "Even though this is just a farce, I have to say, little demon, you have successfully stirred up the hot blood in my body, making me recall the time before I transformed into a jiao, when I was fighting with those great enemies. Even though they have already turned into corpses on my path of dao, that glorious period of time is really unforgettable."

"What other moves do you have? Use them!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not stop for even a moment and continued to attack ferociously. He did not even bat an eyelid when he heard the wyrm's words. "You're very strong, but this is not your home ground after all. You've only been summoned and your will has descended. You're probably almost there, right? Come, let me see how strong your final trump card is!"

"What a cute little brat!"

The jiao narrowed its eyes. "Didn't your elders teach you to be respectful when facing someone stronger than you?"

"Respect?"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up. "Of course I do. However, respect is reverence, but strength is the only thing. Could it be that you will go easy on me because I respect you?"

“Good point.”

The wyrm laughed heartily. "I didn't expect that after living for so many years, you would still be so pedantic. I've been taught a lesson by a junior like you."

"You're right. Regardless of the era, race, or strength, it will always be supreme and one-of-a-kind. It will never change." The wyrm continued, "You're right. This energy clone is unable to unleash the power of the main body. Moreover, Lord Dragon God's trial has forcefully suppressed the main body's power to a level similar to yours. After all, Lord Dragon God's goal is not to kill you, but to test you."

Qin Luo did not reply and continued to attack, waiting for the wyrm to continue.

"Fine, seeing that you're quite to my liking, I'll give you one last lesson!—Sunflower Dew True Technique, True Dragon Descends!"

Clang…

A crisp sound rang out from where the sword Qi collided with the serpent dragon, shaking up the empty divine hall.

Impossible!

Qin Luo's eyes suddenly widened as he looked at the current state of the flood dragon and almost vomited blood.

Health Points: 1%!?

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

"Slash!"

His long HP bar had been emptied to the bottom, and the traces of HP were basically invisible.

One strike!

Just one more strike!

Just as he was about to achieve victory, the wyrm's body was enshrouded in a thick blue light that protected him.

Qin Qin Sheng was about to go crazy.

He attacked left and right like a mad dog. Sharp Blade Auras that could instantly kill a small BOSS rained down and continuously hit the jiao from top to bottom.

However…

It was completely useless.

Every single strand of sword Qi was blocked by the blue barrier of light before they could even make contact with the wyrm's body. None of them were able to penetrate the barrier and attack the wyrm's body.

Qin Luo Sheng's eye sockets were about to split apart. He could only watch helplessly as the flood dragon, which should have collapsed upon contact, gradually completed its evolution under this perfect defense. It transformed from a flood dragon into a dragon.

"Ding… Your skill Holy Flame, effect time is over!"

"Ding, your skill Blood Eruption Technique has ended!"

"Ding, your skill Brave Heart has ended!"

"Ding, your skill, Shadow Bamboo, effect time is over!"

When it rains, it pours.

A flood dragon evolved into a dragon.

Qin Luo, on the other hand, had completed all the augmentation skills he relied on for battle.

In an instant.

A feeling of weakness that he had not felt for a long time came. Qin Sheng understood that this was the feeling of his strength slipping.

If not for the Undying Battle Intent and Dragon Blood Igniting Death, he would have fallen to the bottom of the valley and recovered to his original state. At that time, there was nothing. He was just a level 23 weakling warrior. Facing a Jiao that had evolved again, he was like an abyss.

Even so.

The situation was not optimistic either.

Or rather…

This was terrible!

Had it not been for the two powerful augmentation skills supporting Qin Luo, he would have already surrendered.

At a glance, Qin Sheng activated his detection technique subconsciously when he saw that the dragon had changed greatly and looked very different from before.

[Jiao (Half-Legendary Boss)]

Level: 28

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 1,500,000

Physical Attack: 65,000

Magic Attack: 30,000

Physical Defense: 25,000

Magic Defense: 18,000

Speed: 1,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Jiao, a water beast that possesses the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. It is cultivated by the Water Venomous Snake and evolved from a snake to a Jiao. It has comprehended the powers of heaven and earth and has just glimpsed into the body of a True Dragon. After cultivating for another thousand years, it can transform into a True Dragon and become the leader of the Scaled Worms, the Supreme of the Water race.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

WDNMD!

What did I see?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes.

This bastard Flood Dragon actually cheated publicly?

c

M!

Epic was already powerful enough, but now he had temporarily evolved into a dragon. Not only did he become half-step Legendary, but his attributes had also increased drastically. Furthermore, all his attributes had been restored to full value.

"I'm such an idiot!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face alternated between black and green. Suddenly, he felt very tired in his heart. "GG Simida, why are you still playing this game? I'm afraid there's something wrong with your brain when you fight against a hacker."

"Is there really reincarnation in the Heavenly Dao?"

Qin Luo tried his best to raise his head and not let his tears fall. This was his final stubbornness.

"In the past, when I used Hanging Missions to insult the heavens and earth, that feeling was really great. Now, is it finally my turn to experience the sorrow of being punished by Hanging Missions? This is really—a little uncomfortable!"