Chapter 277: The Ninth Trial: True Dragon (1)

What a powerful skill!

Qin Luo Sheng was almost dazzled by the data of this skill, especially the last line. Adding 1600% damage, including the basic 300%, it was equivalent to 1900%?

Thus…

Additionally, there were three additional effects. Critical Hit—that was equivalent to 3800% damage; Crippling—that was equivalent to 100% Crippling effect; One-hit kill—that was equivalent to nearly one-third of instant kill!

It was terrifyingly explosive!

Except.

This skill was powerful, but it was too expensive.

Currently, the most important thing for players was weapons. The most expensive weapon in the market was also weapons.

For normal players, more than 90% of their weapons were Black Iron-grade weapons. Only a small portion of them were Bronze and Silver-grade weapons. At least, Gold-grade weapons of a higher level were things that only big shots had.

Even the average elite player was only at Silver rank.

It was just like when they entered the Mercenary King dungeon. Out of the nine of them, half of them had Silver weapons.

Even the first-tier elites of the Pavilion of Elegance were in such a state, not to mention the players without guild support.

He had no choice.

This was the market in the Fated World.

It was not that the players did not work hard, but that the players were too weak and could not go to high-level places to farm monsters and fight Bosses. The officials also did not go out of dungeons, so just relying on the equipment dropped by the few Bosses in the wild was not enough.

Besides.

Wild Bosses would gradually reduce the drop rate and the grade of their loot as they were killed.

If it was your first time killing this BOSS, it might give you gold.

During the second kill, the probability of dropping gold was much lower. It was probably mostly silver.

The third time, it was Silver.

The fourth, fifth…

At the end of the battle, there was probably nothing else that could be revealed apart from the bottom.

That's right.

That was how screwed up he was.

Therefore, many players protested on the official forum.

If one did not exchange gold coins for cash and did not allow RMB players to have a good experience, then so be it. After all, most of them were ordinary players. This was also a gaming experience that protected ordinary players, so that they would not be controlled by the paywalls during the early stages of the game. The masses could understand.

However, when it came to equipment, the drop rate was too low. The main point was that there were too few BOSSES, right? If there was no dungeon, how could they farm equipment?

As for the limited number of wild BOSSes, they were all monopolized by the big guilds. How were the unspecialized players supposed to survive?

Be it the rich or SealHeadLingChong, they had all sorts of equipment. They were dressed like beggars. Did they not find it shabby?

Normal players could endure it, but RMB warriors could not!

I'm dressed in a suit in the real world. When I'm in the game, I should be even more impressive. Now, I'm just like a beggar. Who are you mocking?

It was precisely because of the existence of this deformed market that the supply was far less than the demand, which caused the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's business to be extremely booming.

The Bronze and Silver items that were rarely seen in the past were considered ordinary items in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Who would not be crazy to buy them in bulk?

Gold equipment that he had never seen before was also available in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Furthermore, it could be bought with money. As long as you were lucky enough to encounter it and snatched it with your bare hands, then congratulations, you have earned it.

In fact, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion even had Epic equipment that they had never seen before. It was a pity that they were exhibition items and were not for sale.

Even so.

The existence of Hidden Dragon Pavilion also attracted the attention of the entire Fate World.

Not only were the foreign players jealous, but those who were not from Star Glory City were also complaining about it.

He was truly anxious!

A Silver weapon, other than the most expensive shield and Priest's Scepter, could be sold for 5,000 to 10,000 RMB. As for Gold, according to the data, it would at least increase by a few times.

As for Epic, it was priceless.

The Death Fang and Netherworld Scepter, which had been placed in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion as exhibitions to increase the popularity of the exhibition, had once been offered more than a million. Some big shots even expressed that they could negotiate if they were dissatisfied with the price.

So.

I can't afford it!

This d * mn system was simply here to flirt.

Look, look.

What kind of damn skill did you give me? Was it on purpose?

That damned [Life-Ending Strike]! As long as it was activated, it would mean that a weapon would be gone. Moreover, it would require a bronze weapon to be effective at the minimum. It was simply extravagant to the extreme.

Wasn't this equivalent to losing thousands of RMB at the very least?

MLGBD!

Who could withstand that?

However…

This ghost skill relied on its powerful lethality to entice you, making you unable to resist the temptation. If you fell into its pit, you might not even be able to get up.

That was the most explosive 3,800% damage. Was he invincible?

However, this invincibility was built on the consumption of a legendary weapon.

What the heck!

Looking at the equipment rankings.

In terms of weapons, the first one hanging high was [Coiling Dragon Water], which had been enhanced by Star Spiritual Endowment. This was only at the Epic stage.

Legend?

I haven't even used it to this level, how can I use it as a consumable?

His heart was tired.

[Mysterious Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: A mysterious scroll that seems to contain a huge secret!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the heck?

Dog System, playing mysterious again?

Is he buying meat? Is he buying lean meat to add on some fat?

Look at the other rewards—

Even the weakest of Gold-grade handguards was at the Epic stage!

An Epic mark that could allow the talent to evolve!

It was a mighty (comical) ultimate attack!

Even the most useless 10,000 Reputation points could be regarded as 10,000 gold coins.

However—

And look at this thing.

Sigh!

His heart was tired.

The original scroll should have been the best item. It was either a sealing scroll like a forbidden spell, a gold ore scroll with a recipe or blueprint, or a hidden job scroll with unknown abilities…

Yet…

This thing was nothing.

Other than the name, what else could he see? All question marks?

Besides.

This thing seemed to only be an incomplete scroll.

What a scam!

In the past, Qin Sheng would not have such an opinion. However, he was now waiting for a life-saving straw to help him clear the final trial.

He had been filled with anticipation as he had wasted a limited amount of battle time (the effect of Dragon Blood Ignition). He had never expected that this would happen. He wanted to cry but had no tears. He was extremely disappointed.

"Forget it, this might be fate!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng stuffed the Mysterious Scroll of Man into his backpack. His gaze became determined, and his battle intent, which had just cooled down, soared once again. "Even if the probability of clearing the level is less than 1%, I will not allow myself to retreat or give up. Then, I can only fight to the death!"