Chapter 276: The Lord Of The Stars Evolves Again, Astral Spirit Mirror

He opened his stats window—

[Lord of the Stars (SSS super-god talent) Level 4] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect] Charm Permanent MAX. Every level up will grant you four times more free attribute points, Health Points + 16,000, Mana Points + 16,000, Attack Power + 100%, Critical Strike Chance + 50%, Dodge Rate + 50%, Speed + 40%.

[Active Effect] 1—Starlight Miracle: The light of the stars has a sublimated miraculous power. [Every target can only sublimate once. Effective below Epic]

2—Starlight Backtrack: The radiance of the stars has the ability to turn back time.

3—Blessing of Starlight: The Blessing of the Stars has the power of perfection and sublimation.

4—Astral Spirit Empowerment: All Astral Psionites bestow their abilities to all living things [Strength that can bestow the target (currently only a weapon) Star Spirit. Effective below Epic];

5—Astral Spirit Mirror: The Spirit Mirror formed from the light of the stars has the ability to counterattack. [The Spirit Mirror absorbs energy and reflects it back with a double effect. Currently, it can only absorb physical and magical attacks once a day!]

[Innate Magical Power] 1—Three-colored Divine Light: A magical power awakened by absorbing the energy of low-level metals. Passive effect: With a weapon made of metal, attack power + 50%. Attacks made of metal will be weakened by 50%.

Active Effect: (1) Releases three-colored divine light, within the range of X (X is the longitudinal character level, horizontal talent level * Class Advancement), dealing X (X is the character's attack power * talent level) physical damage. Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 12 hours!

2. Releases three-colored divine light to form a gold, silver, bronze, and three-colored energy shield. The shield's surface size is X (X is the talent level * Class Advancement number) meters. Increases X (X is the character's defense level * talent level) Physical Magic Defense! Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 12 hours!

Explosion!

Invincible!

Pervert!

Heaven-defying!

…

The qualitative change caused by the Lord of the Stars' evolution made Qin Sheng's scalp tingle.

The increase in Health Points and Mana Points was doubled once again, and it reached an increase of 16,000 points. Attack Power increased by 20%, Critical Hit, Dodge, and Speed + 10%!

Other than that.

The most powerful BUG was the core ability of the Lord of the Stars. After absorbing the [Epic Mark], a new ability, [Astral Spirit Mirror], was added. The other abilities also began to show their effects and cooldown.

The final innate divine ability, [Three-colored Divine Light], had also undergone a huge change. First, its attack power had increased by 20%, its debuff had increased by 20%, and its active effect had been greatly reduced. It had been reduced by half, from one day to 12 hours.

Character: Weeping Soul (This is my attribute, not the Undying Battle Intent or the Dragon's Blood Burning Death attribute)

Level: LV25

Occupation: Shadow Warrior, Advanced Weapon Refinement Master

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 44880 (Secondary Reputation: Fate Temple 1000)

Power: None

Money: 1422 gold, 15 silver, 72 copper

Basic Attributes: Power 1104, Constitution 692, Agility 616, Spirit 625

Special Attribute: Luck 16, Charm Max, Enlightenment 8, Tenacity 18, Focus 13

Health Points: 31,416 / 31,416

Mana: 26,326 / 26,326

Physical Attack: [Hundred Battle Soldier] on the left hand: 4,152 blood ： 5,412 blood ：

Magic Attack: 1281

Physical Defense: 1267

Magic Defense: 226

Speed: 955

Dodge: 55%

Critical Hit: 65%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 50% Light, 50% Dark, 0% Poison

After the Lords of the Stars evolved, they would be the first to bear the brunt of the changes.

This increase was simply explosive.

Apart from the lack of magical defense, everything else was truly terrifying.

3000 HP, 4000 + 5000 Attack, and nearly 1000 Speed.

This was not an attribute that players should have.

If it covered his health points and mana, 100% of people would think that it was the attributes of a Boss.

"Three minutes left?"

Qin Luo turned off his stats window. His blood was boiling, and his somewhat autistic mindset due to the wyrm had also gradually recovered. He took a glance at his current state and realized that there were less than three minutes left of the [Dragon Blood Ignition] that had lasted for ten minutes. Instantly, his heart shuddered.

"So much time has passed already?"

He quickly took out all the spoils of war. “Even if there is no hope for the next ninth trial, I still obtained many things in this trial. It doesn’t matter even if I fail. But since I’ve already come this far, how can I not experience the final trial monsters?”

"Hurry up and look through the spoils of war. If there's something heaven-defying in there, we might be able to turn the tables around."

If it were in the past, Qin Sheng would definitely have taken a ten-minute break during the trial checkpoint to let all the augmentation skills that should have been on cooldown. If he were to fight the final Boss, what if he won?

But.

In the previous battle with the Flood Dragon, this guy had evolved into a half-step Legendary Boss. He had been forced to activate Dragon Blood Ignition again, causing him to have no way out.

Dragon’s Blood Igniting Death was much stronger. Not only did it increase the user’s strength, but it also had 100% vampiric abilities and even regenerative abilities (regenerative means restoring stamina). The duration was also as long as 10 minutes.

But it had a fatal flaw—

Weakness period!

There was no need to mention the three-day cooldown. The most terrifying thing was that this period of weakness would last for an entire day.

During the weak period, all attributes would decrease to 10%. It was equivalent to being crippled and unable to do anything.

One must know that even if he was at his peak and prepared all his skills, he might not be able to defeat the final Boss that was stronger than the Flood Dragon.

Not to mention, only the Undying Battle Intent and Dragon's Blood Ignition were left. At most, the cooldown of the CDs would only last for five minutes.

Besides.

The effect of Dragon Blood Burnt was less than three minutes away.

Even if they had a chance to win, after three minutes, they would be in a weakened state. They would definitely lose.

"Forget it, what's the point of thinking so much? I've already exceeded my usual capabilities by coming this far. After obtaining so many crystal coins, activating the fusion scroll, obtaining the Holy Flame Technique, along with the Elixir Qi of the Water Venomous Snake, killing the Epic Boss, and evolving the Lords of Stars, I've obtained many rewards from the system. It's not a loss."

Even though he was consoling himself, Qin Sheng was still very unwilling.

“I’m sorry. Maybe we’ll have to part.”

Qin Sheng's eyes were slightly dry as he silently apologized to the dragon egg that had signed the bloodline contract in his heart.

He had lost not only the SSS-rank mission that he might never encounter in the future, but also his relationship with the Dragon Race, the incomparably mysterious dragon egg, and the three super skills that he had awakened because of the True Dragon's blood—True Dragon Transformation, Dragon Might, and Dragon Blood Burnt.

[Flood Dragon's Scales]

Type: Materials

Grade: Epic

Effect: Summon

Introduction: The scale contains the energy and will of the Flood Dragon. After activating it, you can summon the clone of the Flood Dragon to fight for you!

Was this the reward that the jiao mentioned?

It was indeed not bad.

But it did not help the current crisis at all!

An existence that even his main body could not defeat, how could he summon a clone?

Qin Sheng put the scales of the dragon into his backpack and turned his gaze to the remaining three spoils of war—an equipment, a skill book, and a scroll.

The equipment was a Gold-grade melee gauntlet. Unfortunately, it required appraisal. PASS!

The Skill Book was used by warriors. It was Gold grade. Qin Sheng hurriedly used the Starlight Miracle to sublimate it before slapping it without hesitation and learning it.

[Life-Extinguishing Strike (Epic)] consumed 5000 Mana Points to activate on a single target. Use all your strength and throw the weapon in your hand, causing at least 300% damage. If the weapon is Bronze, then the damage will be + 100%. If the weapon is Silver, then the damage will be + 200%. If the weapon is Gold, then the damage will be + 400%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect. If the weapon is Epic, then the damage will be + 800%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect and a 50% chance of Crippling effect. If the weapon is Legendary, then the damage will be + 1600%, and there will be an additional Critical Hit effect and 100% chance of Crippling effect. 30% chance of killing in one hit! Cooldown: 10 minutes! (The weapon that is thrown cannot be retrieved.)

…

< EMPTY >