Chapter 272: Last Chance, Sealed Arcane Energy

"Don't regret it!"

Regret?

The Serpentine Dragon felt like laughing.

Are you floating or am I unable to lift my knife?

Just you?

Did he want to make a comeback?

Don't make me laugh.

"It's finally time for you to come out of hiding." Qin Luo ignored the jiao's mocking gaze and mumbled to himself, "This is your last chance. Please don't, don't disappoint me…"

"Lord of the Stars, SSS talent, let my will stand shoulder to shoulder with you—I will comprehend your great power, you will measure my measure!"

"Activate, Supernova!"

“[Supernova] has been successfully activated, please choose the [Supernova] target! Please note that your current stellar energy is insufficient, and you can only give one type of target. After the target has been empowered, you cannot modify it, nor can you empower it!”

"I choose Arcane—Weapon!"

“Successfully selecting the end of the weapon. Please select the end!”

“Endowment—Coiling Dragon Water!”

"Choosing to empower Coiling Dragon Water is a success. Please choose the key direction of empowerment or random empowerment!"

“Can you still choose the key direction of Arcane? Very good!”

Qin Luo's eyes were bloodshot as he roared at the sky. "The direction of empowerment—Dragon Slaying!"

"Endowment successful!"

In an instant.

The Lords of the Stars shone brightly, and the activated starlight transformed into specks of starlight that entered [Coiling Dragon Water].

"This, this is the power of laws? No, it's not just the power of laws. There's also the power of stars, the power of stars, and the power of dragons. The power of dragons is even higher than that of true dragons?"

The flood dragon, who was as steady as Mount Tai, was stunned by Qin Sheng's sudden movements. His stuttering pupils constricted. The power of laws, stars, and heavenly dragons that rushed towards him made him wonder if he was dreaming or if he had been cast in an illusion.

The jiao was dumbfounded.

Qin Luo did not.

Starlight Endowment was a BUG that could allow the Lord of Stars to evolve after killing the Gold Boss.

In the past.

Qin Luo Sheng had discovered its usage. It was just that its usage was very special and there was no special need for it back then. Therefore, it had always been hidden as a trump card.

Now.

Under the attraction of the SSS Trial Mission and the threat of the dragon that had evolved into a half-step Legendary Boss, it was time to make up his mind and let it leave the mountain.

Astral Endowment, as the name suggested, was to use the abilities of the Star Elves to give the target a chance to endow his abilities to obtain Star Spirits. This would make his ability to obtain Star Spirits stronger, and he would also have the special effects of the Star Elves.

Except.

Due to the lack of Star Energy, he could only bestow upon one part of his body the ability of Endowment (one of his weapons, helmet, ring, etc.). After choosing it, it could not be changed. Furthermore, after the endowment, no matter what the endowment was, no matter whether one needed it or not, it could not be erased or changed.

In other words, Spiritual Endowment was a chance to gamble one's life.

If you’re lucky, you’ve won the bet. Then you’ll obtain the extraordinary power. If you’re unlucky, you’ll be embarrassed. No one can predict the consequences.

Qin Sheng did not reject such an unstable thing, but he did not like it either. However, was there any other choice at this moment? If there was none, he could only risk his life. He could only gamble with his life and risk everything.

If I win, I will earn a huge fortune!

Losing meant death. What was there to be afraid of? At most, he would cripple the [Coiling Dragon Water].

Using the [Coiling Dragon Water] to fight for a future was worth it!

[Coiling Dragon Water]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 38 / 50

Effect: Attack + 700, Strength + 60

Special Effect: [Dragon Soul] Coiling Dragon has a living dragon soul resting in the water. When attacking, there is a certain chance of triggering the remaining dragon's might in the dragon soul. It will intimidate the enemy and cause a stun effect for at least 3 seconds. The Snake Race's effect will double, and the Dragon Race will be immune! (The same target can only be effective once)

Special Effect: [Water Parting] Coiling Dragon Parting Water contains the power of Water Parting. Physical attacks can be transformed into water-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to inflict Water Parting Damage on the target, reducing their resistance to water-type attacks to a certain extent. This will cause the target to be eaten by the Water Parting Water. The body will become heavier and the recovery effect will be weakened (can be increased continuously)!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Soul Impact] consumes 1,000 Mana. Activates the dragon soul in the Coiling Dragon Water. Attacks energy in a straight line 10 meters ahead, dealing 500% damage. There is a chance of crippling, stunning, and frightening. Cooldown: 24 hours!

Endowment: [Ascending Dragon Slaying] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. It has a + 500% damage to dragons, + 1000% damage to serpents, reduces 20% of the abilities of the scaled warriors in the world, and has an additional effect of Dragon Slaying. 30% chance of killing in one strike!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It's said to be the weapon of a Heavenly God. It uses Li Water, one of the top ten mystical waters as its main energy source. Sealed inside is the soul of a True Dragon, hence its name, Coiling Dragon Li Water.

[Current Status: Energy Incomplete]

Overwhelming?

Twenty-eight Constellations?

Ascending Gold Dragon?

Qin Luo was overjoyed.

This time, he had made the right bet.

After the enhancement of the Coiling Dragon Water, its Attack was doubled to 700 points, and its Strength was doubled to 60 points. Not only that, there was also an additional talent [Ascending Dragon Slaying]!

"As expected of an SSS-level talent. This ability is a bug!"

Tears welled up in Qin Luo's eyes. He truly did not know what to say.

[Ascending Dragon Slaying] perfectly followed the direction he had mentioned earlier—Dragon Slaying!

This talent was specially born to slay dragons.

Increase damage to the Dragon race by 500% and damage to the Snake race by 1000%. This increase in damage was simply too great!

Since the Dragon race was the leader of the Scaly Armor race, they would naturally be called the king. Thus, it was only logical for them to weaken the attributes of the people in the Scaly Armor race by 20%.

Attribute abilities were not all attributes. It was just like the special effect of a heavy blow. It only targeted attacks, defense, and other attributes. It did not affect HP or magic.

Even so.

This was strong enough.

As long as they met, they would lose a fifth of their strength. This was truly disgusting.

Like this.

In addition to the Absolute Damage from the Berserk Strike, as well as the 10% reduction from the Dragon's Aura, wouldn't he lose half of his strength? What was the point of playing this game?

"First, it sublimates all the starlight miracles, then comes the starlight reversal that has the power of time, then comes the perfect starlight blessing, and finally, it's the Star Spirit endowment bestowed by heaven!"

Qin Luo Sheng calculated carefully. He was shocked speechless.

The Master of Starlight was simply too heaven-defying.

It was like a bug in a bug.

Besides.

Currently, the Lord of Starlight had only absorbed the power of three metals: bronze, silver, gold, and gold. If he were to absorb an even greater amount of energy, what changes would occur, and what BUG abilities would be awakened, no one knew.

"Hu…"

After letting out a long breath of turbid air, Qin Sheng brandished the brand new [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and felt it for a while before putting away the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that did not have the time to empower.

It had been a long time since he had used the Dual Knife Style. It had been a long time since he had fought with a sword in one hand. This feeling was not bad.

The Dual Sword Style was strong, but it had a high requirement on the coordination of the body. Now, he only had the Undying Battle Intent and Dragon Blood Igniting Death, and the situation was special. It was better to use the Coiling Dragon Water, which had been transformed into a Dragon Tribe assassin, to fight alone.

"I'm ready. Thank you for giving me three chances!"