Chapter 273: The Teachings Of The Jiao, The Battle Begins Again

"I'm ready. Thank you for giving me three chances!"

This time, it was the wyrm who fell silent.

As a dragon, he could sense that the Coiling Dragon Li Water that Qin Sheng was carrying was a great threat to him. It was as if he had met his natural enemy, and his soul was trembling.

"Looks like we have switched positions!"

The dragon's silence allowed Qin Sheng to see some clues.

Now he was relieved.

Even though the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] was strengthened explosively, only God knew if it would be effective against the current wyrm. However, before he could try, the wyrm's performance gave him the answer.

“Brat, you truly cannot be viewed with common sense.”

The jiao finally spoke, "I have never underestimated you. The reason why I kept forcing you into a corner was to see what trump cards you have. I didn't expect you to use such a powerful killer move. It was really unexpected."

Qin Sheng:…

"The power of law. This supreme power. I never thought that I would actually see it on a human brat. It's truly unbelievable."

“What a pity, what a pity. In the end, this is only a trial. This Exalted was only summoned by the Lord Dragon God. When my will descended, I had the heart but was powerless.”

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows in confusion.

Heart but no strength?

What did that mean?

"Little brat, I'll teach you another lesson!"

The wyrm gave an answer very quickly. "A man's wealth is his own ruin. You must never expose a treasure that you cannot protect in front of others. Otherwise, you will know how cruel this world is!"

“… Perhaps you don’t know, but even this noble one can’t suppress the greed in my heart. If we were to face each other today, whether or not I can squeeze out the secrets in your body, you won’t be able to live anymore.”

Qin Qin Sheng broke out in cold sweat.

The Serpentine Dragon was right.

A man's wealth is his own ruin.

The relatively peaceful human race was already in such a state. They were willing to fight to the death for the sake of a few small benefits. They fought until their homes were destroyed and their bodies were strewn across the plains, much less the natural world that was countless times crueler than the human race.

This was especially true for those who were highly intelligent and cultivated. Demonic beasts like the Flood Dragon could even slaughter cities and exterminate clans for a chance to transcend mortality.

"Thank you for your guidance, Senior. I will remember your words!"

Qin Luo Sheng bowed respectfully to express his gratitude.

"You're promising."

The wyrm nodded in satisfaction. "You have strength, luck, and decent talent. You also have will, faith, and an unyielding heart. In addition to those terrifying secrets of yours, as long as you don't die prematurely, your name will surely shock the world and resound throughout the continent. I will wait for that day to come."

“But.”

“Before that, you must pass this trial first. This is a trial arranged by the Dragon God. I will not go easy on you. If you cannot defeat me, then everything else after that will be for naught.”

Had the final battle finally arrived?

Qin Luo took a deep breath, his eyes filled with battle intent. "Then, once again, please enlighten me, senior!"

“That’s easy to say!” The wyrm’s body relaxed as it swam in midair, and it bared its fangs and brandished its claws in an awe-inspiring manner. “Come, don’t delay any longer. I presume you don’t have much time left, right? Next, besides this Exalt, there’s an even more terrifying trial waiting for you. Let’s end this quickly!”

"I dare not ask for your permission!"

Qin Luo wielded the Coiling Dragon Water and charged forward.

The wyrm raised its head and let out a sharp dragon's roar. In an instant, the dragon's might spread and shook the Dragon God Hall.

Qin Luo Sheng bore the brunt of the attack and was enveloped by the dragon's might, but he was completely unaffected.

Are you kidding me?

The blood of a true dragon was contained within his body at the highest level, and he held the dragon race's nemesis, the [Coiling Dragon Water]. How could he be affected by the dragon's might, which was temporarily raised to the level of a true dragon through the secret technique of the flood dragon?

Not only that.

The dragon was countered by Qin Sheng and weakened its attributes.

Due to the evolution of the wyrm, its grade had increased from Epic to Half-Legendary. All the negative effects had been eliminated, and the effects of Dragon Might and Violent Blow had been completely eliminated.

However, as a dragon, the wyrm was also of the scale type. [Coiling Dragon Li Water] 's [Ascending Dragon Slaying] activated and directly weakened his combat power by 20%.

"Shadow Clone!"

With a flash, a virtual figure appeared beside Qin Sheng.

"Go!"

Controlling his doppelganger with his mind, he took a huge step forward and used his body as a shield to block Qin Sheng's dragon breath.

"Doppelgangers? You have so many abilities."

After the dragon breath was broken, the jiao was neither angry nor angry. It still looked indifferent. "This little trick cannot defeat me!"

"A little trick, is it?" Qin Luo smiled. "Then, how about this?—Soul of Glory!"

The medal of honor on his chest shone brightly.

Soon.

A black shadow flew out of the Medal of Honor and charged at the jiao.

"Hahahaha… I didn't expect it to be you. You really hit the jackpot!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the ghostly shadow that was entangling the flood dragon and laughed heartily. Taking advantage of this opportunity, he charged forward violently and pulled the distance between him and the flood dragon.

"What a powerful assassin. He actually has a special body?"

A fly kept wandering in front of his eyes like a ghost. He couldn't hit it, and he couldn't ignore it either. He was very annoyed. "Unfortunately, it only has a trace of soul origin and is entrusted to a weapon. Most of its abilities are gone. Little brat, do you think you can turn the tables with just this?"

“Don’t worry. Coldblood is just trying to disgust you.”

Qin Luo Sheng replied, "Don't look down on him. Gui Ying—Cold-Blooded, once the companion of the King of Mercenaries, the famous Gui Ying assassin. In terms of difficulty, he might be even stronger than me."

"I can feel it."

The jiao replied angrily.

An ant that could have been killed with a single finger had relied on his incredible speed and bizarre steps to contend with him for so long.

This was f*cking ridiculous!

Qin Sheng was happy just because the dragon was unhappy.

Coldblood really lived up to his name. As expected, there was only a wrong name and no wrong nickname.

His posture was truly like that of a ghost. His figure flickered non-stop, and his eyes were extremely sharp. He would always find loopholes to attack. His combat awareness and combat experience were truly terrifying.

Not only that.

As a killer, Coldblood naturally prioritized completing the mission. He had developed a fighting instinct that allowed him to do whatever he wanted for the mission. Therefore, the places he attacked were all third-rate places or fatal spots, such as the nether regions, throat, eyeballs, heart, and other parts.