Chapter 279: The Ninth Trial: True Dragon (3)

"What the f*ck? What the f*ck is this?"

Qin Luo had almost peed his pants before he had even met the real master.

Was this summoning array cheating?

With a rough scan, the diameter was probably thirty meters, right?

Damn you!

Didn't this mean that the final BOSS's body was nearly 30 meters in diameter?

Even when the jiao evolved into a real dragon, its body was only about ten meters in diameter and fifty meters long!

This damned thing's normal form was even stronger than the ultimate trump card of the Flood Dragon when its health points were at 10% and its life was threatened. How could it still play like this?

"Ang…"

A high-pitched dragon roar.

Under Qin Luo's shocked gaze, a fire dragon over a hundred meters long that was glowing with red light flew out of the summoning array.

“Mm? The one testing isn’t a descendant of my dragon race?”

As he flew through the sky, the true dragon that floated silently in the sky looked down at Qin Sheng who had a surprised and horrified expression on his face, and he muttered to himself with slight bewilderment.

"Greetings, Senior!"

Qin Luo bowed respectfully.

It was their territory, so they had to show some respect.

Besides.

This fellow was a true dragon, and the blood of a True Dragon was contained within his body. Even though it was inferior to the one in his body, it wasn't too far off either. His status was definitely not low.

"When did my proud dragon race fall to the point where even lowly humans can step into the Divine Temple?"

The dragon’s eyes widened and its dragon mouth opened.

Initially, Qin Luo had thought that this senior of the dragon race who was now a true dragon would definitely speak highly of him.

Unexpectedly.

This fellow actually spat out such vulgar words. It was truly unbearable to hear.

Haha.

Lowly? Human?

Are you dreaming?!

Lord, times have changed. This is no longer the world of the dragon race. Who gave you the courage to say such words?

Probing skill!

[True Dragon (Enhanced Pinnacle Epic Boss)]

Level: 30

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 1,800,000

Physical Attack: 70000

Magic Attack: 35,000

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 22000

Speed: 1,750

Skills:???

Introduction: The dragon was once the overlord of the world. It swept across the universe, encompassing the entire universe. The eight desolates, six directions, and ten thousand living beings all bowed their heads. The Venomous Snake evolved into a wyrm, and the wyrm evolved into a dragon. The dragon evolved through evolution, even though it had extraordinary talent and powerful combat power, the dragon blood that it transformed into was never pure. It also did not have the secret technique of the dragon race's inheritance, so it was very difficult to obtain the acknowledgement of the True Dragon's bloodline. As for the True Dragon, most of them were the descendants of the first Ancestral Dragon of the heaven and earth. They were born with the bloodline to inherit the secret techniques of the dragon race and obtain the Great Dao Art. At the same time, they could activate the blood of the True Dragon and the power of the True Dragon. They could intimidate all living beings, and were the true scaled sovereign of the water race.

Level 30 strengthened peak Ancient BOSS?

Qin Luo's heart skipped a beat.

This attribute seemed to be similar to the half-step Legendary Boss that the Flood Dragon had evolved into. However, it was slightly stronger in terms of the small portion of attributes.

But this was enough to make Qin Luo's heart race.

The half-step legendary strength of the flood dragon should be stronger than the peak Epic, right?

Yet.

The truth was that the true dragon of the Fire Dragon lineage was stronger than the half-step legend of the Flood Dragon.

Sigh.

It was indeed a world of bloodlines. A true dragon was a true dragon. Its normal form was even more ferocious than the evolution of a flood dragon.

"Hmph, it's really getting worse with each generation. Our dragon race's face is about to be completely thrown away by those useless juniors." The True Dragon snorted coldly. "For hundreds of years, ever since the Dragon Desert, there hasn't been a single junior who has been able to enter the Divine Temple and open the highest trial. I didn't expect that today, a human would step into the Divine Temple and open the Lord Dragon God's trial.—Forget it, since it's the will of the Lord Dragon God, I will naturally obey. Human, are you ready?"

"Please enlighten me, senior."

There were only two minutes left. Even if the dragon didn't speak, Qin Sheng would do so immediately. He was here to train, not to chat.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Ice Skin!"

There were only four cooldowns for the augmentation skill. Qin Luo added them all without hesitation.

"The power of an ant, what a joke!"

The True Dragon glanced at him with contempt, his tone full of disdain and ridicule. “Do you think you can pass the Dragon God’s trial with just this level of strength? Truly a frog at the bottom of a well.”

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

If you want to fight, then fight. Why are you talking so much?

Tsk!

"Spiritual Light Cloak, activation effect!"

"Consume 10 Spiritual Lights. You will gain the ability to fly for 1 minute!"

His figure was like a graceful dragon.

Qin Luo rose into the air. With his extraordinary speed boosting him, he transformed into a streak of light and dashed forward.

"You dare to charge at me? It seems that you did not walk the crooked path to reach this stage. With your courage, I acknowledge you and will give you a beautiful funeral."

Dragon breath shot out, dragon tail swept out.

The massive body of a True Dragon was destined to be a crushing attack. It was like a battle between a human and an ant. It wouldn't use any weapons, but simply stomped down.

"Dragon Breath!"

The dragon's breath poured down like a waterfall of lava. The extreme heat caused Qin Sheng, who was ten meters away, to turn green. He had no doubt that if he was hit, his body would be burnt and melted even if he did not die.

“This guy is ruthless enough. Is he trying to destroy me with a single blow?”

Qin Luo Sheng's body suddenly came to a sudden halt. He activated the flying ability of the Spiritual Light Cloak and dodged just as the dragon breath was about to engulf him.

"Trying to escape? Hmph, turn into ashes under my dragon breath!"

You have a good plan, I have a wall ladder.

How could Qin Luo Sheng not have a way to deal with the dragon's breath by using Soaring Heavens to avoid it?

The dragon breath came from his mouth, it was easy to control.

He saw…

The dragon raised its head abruptly. The dragon breath that had been spewing downwards and formed a sea of magma when it landed instantly changed its direction, transforming into a shockwave that charged towards Qin Luo in the sky.

"I've been underestimated!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Although I'm far inferior to you, do you think you can kill me with just this basic dragon breath? You're probably living in a dream."

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In an instant.

A famous scene appeared.

Relying on his extraordinary speed and nimble body, Qin Sheng moved continuously, while the true dragon continuously breathed out dragon breath and chased after him. It seemed like it would not stop until it was dead.

This scene looked like a shooting cannon hitting a mosquito. It was dazzling but also somewhat comical.

"The Snake Movement Technique is simply a godly skill!"

Attack was the best defense.

The dragon's breath made it difficult for Qin Luo to advance, so he was naturally impregnable.

On the other hand, although it was difficult for Qin Luo to close the distance, his life was not in danger by relying on his current speed that exceeded 3,000 points. This was especially so for the effect of the snake-like pace. Not only did it increase his speed, it also enhanced his body's coordination and reduced inertia. It was suitable for aerial combat.

Except.

If I can’t attack it, the True Dragon can’t touch me. That’s a little tricky.