Chapter 274: Flood Dragon, Die!

The third-rate attacks were endless.

This kind of behavior angered the jiao.

Even though he had a body full of dragon scales, the damage Coldblood dealt was simply not to be seen. Not to mention threatening his life, even his nails could not be cut.

Except.

The jiao was really annoyed.

He couldn't chase her away or hit her. She was too disgusting.

"Sunflower Dew True Technique!"

The wyrm, which had been slashed with a few more daggers and dragon roots, finally exploded. The string called sanity snapped.

Crash…

Water element exploded and formed a stream of water. The water gathered and turned into ice. Then, BOOM!

Countless icicles exploded with a loud bang. It was as if the celestial maidens were scattering flowers. Everything in the sky, on the ground, and in all directions were engulfed. Under the attack of this map that could be said to have no blind spots, no matter how good Coldblood was at hiding, no matter how good he was at jumping around, he could not avoid it. After all, he did not have the ability to hide like Qin Sheng, who could evade skills in his shadow.

“Is this the only way?”

As he watched Coldblood's body being penetrated by countless icicles and dissipating directly, Qin Luo expressed his gratitude. "However, it's enough. Thank you, big brother, for buying time for me."

He had no choice.

Now that he didn't have the long-range attacking ability of the holy flames, he could only approach the wyrm to fight. However, it wasn't easy to approach the wyrm. After all, this fellow could spit out dragon breath just by opening his mouth. It was truly terrifying.

Teleportation skills were all in CD, and shadow clones were useless. They would shatter upon contact, so he could only rely on his former companions, who were all legendary big shots, to buy some time.

Happy.

The cold-blooded boss did not disappoint and completed this arduous task.

"I'm here!"

After the effect of the icicle ended, Qin Sheng jumped out of the wyrm's shadow and jumped onto its massive body. He did not care about anything else and started stabbing with the Coiling Dragon Water.

-10,8842!

Qin Sheng's eyes brimmed with tears when he saw the massive damage number.

It wasn't easy.

Just now, when he used the ultimate move, Dragon Soul Shock, he only caused less than 60,000 damage. Now, with just one attack, he killed almost 110,000 HP of the jiao.

This was the terrifying might of Star Spiritual Endowment.

[Ascending Dragon Slaying] was truly a bug!

To deal 500% damage to the dragon race, this was equivalent to Qin Sheng's every attack being equivalent to the impact of the dragon soul just now. It was ridiculously abnormal.

Coupled with the 20% reduction in attributes from the scales, it was reasonable for the water dragon to deal 110,000 damage.

One strike, 110,000!

The health points of the jiao were 5 million.

Upon careful calculation, Qin Sheng needed at least 46 swords to be able to destroy the flood dragon.

Except.

Would the jiao give him this chance?

The Coiling Dragon Li Water had evolved, but Qin Luo had not.

Relying on the effects of the 【 Ascending Dragon Slaying 】, it posed a great threat to the wyrm. However, this was only in terms of attack. In terms of defense, Qin Sheng was still a weakling.

Facing the half-step legendary jiao, without the support of the sacred body, Skeleton Shield, and other defensive skills, he might be killed in one hit.

"There is no turning back!"

He grabbed the scales of the wyrm and stabilized his body, trying his best not to be thrown off. "Since I'm already in the pit, I'll fight to the death. Now is the time to risk my life. Don't care about the damage. Let's bet on the 30% chance of killing the Haughty Dragon Slaying!"

"Ang…"

The body of the dragon was flexible like a coiled snake. It was naturally not safe to hang on the abdomen of the jiao.

As a matter of fact, the jiao turned around and opened its bloody mouth to bite him. It was obvious that it wanted to swallow him alive.

"We've been tricked!"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng was delighted instead of shocked. "I've been waiting for this moment. Shadow Escape!"

With a flash of his body, Qin Sheng seized the perfect opportunity. Just before he was about to enter the mouth of the flood dragon, he disappeared in front of his mouth and appeared above his head.

The jiao's body was very long. Even if it could teleport ten meters in an instant, it would still be very difficult to accurately reach the head of the jiao. Furthermore, Instant Slash was the same as Shadow Assault. It was very difficult to control.

The Shadow Escape, on the other hand, was not as troublesome. Its effect was to teleport within a 5-meter radius, allowing Qin Sheng to grasp the speed well.

"To revisit the old place, even though things are the same and people have changed, it still has a different flavor."

The second time he stood on the head of the flood dragon, Qin Sheng sighed with emotion. "I'm sorry, big boss. I'm not going down this time."

His left hand held tightly onto the dragon horn.

In his right hand, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] continued to stab crazily!

-106,884!

-107516!

-108334!

-10,8012!

-108900!

…

The six-figure damage kept appearing, but Qin Luo had never gotten the one he wanted.

"Brat, you're really daring!"

How could the proud and arrogant wyrm, who was standing on Qin Sheng's head, endure it? It tried everything it could to throw him down.

Qin Luo seemed to be riding a roller coaster without any protection.

Or he would slam his head against the wall in an attempt to make intimate contact with the wall and Qin Sheng turn into meat paste.

Or unleash a skill. A sharp ice pillar appeared on the surface of his body and stabbed Qin Sheng to death.

Wait.

There were all kinds of tricks.

Yet.

Qin Luo was unmoved.

His brain was very clear, and his consciousness was very clear. He understood that as long as he was thrown away by the jiao, there was no need to fight anymore. There was basically no chance for him to get closer.

Compared to the current situation, the jiao had an absolute advantage with a 99% chance of winning.

Qin Qin Sheng only had a 1% chance of winning.

That was to trigger an instant kill effect that was specifically targeted at dragons.

"Die, die, die, die…"

Even with the 100% Life-Steal effect of Dragon-Burning Death and the absorption of stamina, there was no need to worry about his life and stamina. However, the constant 360-degree rotation, intimate contact with the wall, the extreme cold of the icicles, and so on, the pain he was suffering was still bearable.

If this went on, his mental state would be tortured and he would be forced offline by the system due to the painful neurological feedback.

Qin Sheng would definitely bang his head against the wall if he was interrupted for such a reason. He was so depressed that he wanted to commit suicide.

"Urgh…"

Qin Sheng could still endure the pain on his body. However, his head was spinning and his eyes were spinning. He was on the verge of fainting.

“MD, go die!”

His brain was deprived of oxygen and the world was spinning.

Just as Qin Luo was about to collapse, he let out a furious roar and exerted all his strength to stab the [Coiling Dragon Water] onto the head of the flood dragon.

-5000000!

Black damage numbers emitting the aura of death floated up.

In an instant.

The lively Flood Dragon’s body stiffened and its eyes dimmed. Without any strength to support its massive body, it fell down like a comet, smashing into the ground.

Ding… your [Ascending Dragon Slaying] 's one-hit kill effect has been triggered!'