Chapter 278: The Ninth Trial: True Dragon (2)

Come, the final preparations!

“Activate Star Spiritual Endowment!”

“Star Spiritual Endowment has been successfully activated, please choose your endowment target!”

“Endowment—Hundred Battles Blood Soldier!”

“Successfully choosing the Arcane ability, please choose the key direction of your Arcane ability, or randomly choose the Arcane ability!”

“Arcane direction—Dragon Slaying!”

"Due to the incompatibility between the Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier and the direction of the endowment, the direction endowment has not been successful. It has been randomly endowed!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

There were also sexual factors?

Holy shit!

What the f*ck?

What was the use of gifting [Ascending Dragon Slaying] with a characteristic like [Ascending Dragon Slaying]?

Now was not the time to level up, but the final Boss of the SSS Trial Mission. Brother, don't play with me, okay?

“This is really an ability to gamble with one’s life and luck. Sigh, forget it, what’s done is done. I can’t change it even if I want to. I just hope that Random Endowment will also give me a useful ability. At least it will be of some help in the upcoming battle.”

[Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 10, Warrior

Durability: 35 / 50

Effect: Attack + 560, Strength + 100

Special Effect: [Hundred Battles] has been through hundreds of battles and is invincible. During battle, focus + 5, willpower + 10. As time passes, physical attack power will gradually increase. Every 10 seconds, it will increase by 1%, up to 50%!

Special Effect: [Blood Soldier] has been stained with a large amount of blood. It has been reduced from a Spirit Soldier to a Blood Soldier. When unsheathed, it will drink blood. + 20% Life-Steal effect!

Additional Skill: [Backwater War] consumes 80% of its current health to supply [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Awakens the [Blood Demon] buff, increases 80% physical attack power, 100% Life-Steal effect, + 5 meters attack range! After activating this state, [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] is unable to use skills and can only use normal attacks. At the same time, the normal attacks have a certain fear, shock, and tearing trigger rate! Duration: 5 minutes! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Endowment: [Army Breaks Through] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. The damage is increased by 100% for a long time. When battle intent is released, the damage will be increased by another 100%. At the same time, all attacks have the power of the Army Breaks Through. One: Break. It has the effect of breaking. Two: Break. Ignore the target's defense!

Introduction: Originally, it was a spirit weapon. It was forged by the royal family as a Grandmaster Blacksmith. The emperor bestowed it to a general under his command. Because there were too many massacres on the battlefield, it drank blood and gradually became a blood soldier. Only a general filled with murderous aura could control it.

The familiar basic attributes doubled.

280 Attack, 50 Strength, 560 Attack, 100 Strength.

The special effects [Hundred Wars] and [Blood Soldier] were the same as the [Coiling Dragon Water].

The supplementary skill [Back to the Water] was the same.

There was only one talent.

Qin Luo Sheng had never expected that after specifying the direction of empowerment, because the compatibility of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] did not meet the "dragon slaying" target, the system would randomly give him an empowerment.

Originally, he thought that this Life Betting Empowerment was already useless.

Unexpectedly.

There was actually such a big surprise.

Indeed.

Dog System, you still love me.

[Breakthrough]!

This was the talent of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier].

Just by looking at Qin Sheng's name, one could tell that this Ode Star was definitely the Army Breaker Star, one of the Nine Lights Star. Legend had it that it was one of the three great calamities alongside Seven Kills and the Ravenous Wolf.

However…

The ancient Chinese regarded Po Jun as the calamity of the world and Qin Luo as the big boss of Disheng.

Nothing else.

[Army Breaker]. This empowerment effect was too terrifying.

The damage output increased by 100%, and when Battle Intent was released, it increased by 100%. This passive ability was simply too good.

It had to be known that this was not the [Ascending Dragon Slaying Dragon] of [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. It was only targeted at dragons, snakes, and scaly beings. It was targeted at everything. No matter which race or class one was facing, none of them could escape its punishment.

Unfortunately.

This effect was only effective on the Hundred Battles Blood Soldiers, and it was only targeted at the Hundred Battles Blood Soldiers, not Qin Sheng himself.

In other words, the increase in damage caused by [Army Breaker] was only effective on the 560 points of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. It was not the 5,142 points of damage dealt by Qin Luo Sheng's left hand's attack.

However, this was not important. What was important was the power to break through.

[Broken Army]. The emphasis was on the word broken.

Broken. Broken effect.

In a virtual battle, there was no such thing as a fatal injury. Even if you attacked the throat, heart, and other fatal areas, the most they could do was give you a Critical Damage. The enhancement would cause you to lose a little more HP than normal damage. It was insignificant.

Yet.

With the breaking effect, it was different.

That was because it was possible to cut off one's head, waist, and limbs.

It was fine if he had four limbs, but if he had a severed head or a severed waist, he would lose his life.

This effect was simply terrifying.

It was fine if it was just the power of severing, but it also had the power of shattering.

Break. Ignore defense.

It should be known that in Fate Dimension, the calculation of damage was based on the attack and defense of both parties. Additionally, the attack area was different (for example, the damage of the head, heart, arm, and thigh would definitely be different). Hence, the damage fluctuation, coupled with special circumstances such as Critical Hit, Weakness, and so on were very complicated.

However, if the attack ignored the defense, it would be simple.

Ignore defense. Simply put, it had a 100% penetration effect.

In a way, this was true damage.

The ability to break and ignore the opponent's defense was simply incredible!

If there was a chance to cut off the dragon's body, wouldn't it be GAME OVER directly?

"Is this a trick of fate?"

Qin Luo did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Earlier, he had been searching for a way to win, but he had failed to find the reward given by the system. However, now, he only wanted to die a little more beautifully. Before the battle, he had to make some preparations, but he saw hope.

What could he say?

He could only sigh and say that the world was unpredictable, that was all!

"Finally, I see some hope of victory. Since that's the case, let's do it!"

Qin Luo Sheng brandished the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] after empowerment. Just like [Coiling Dragon Li Water], it only had one additional empowerment. The rest, such as length and weight, did not change and would not affect his habit. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

He strode forward and activated the Dragon God Diagram.

"Ding… The eighth stage of the Dragon God's trial has been completed. Are you ready to open the ninth stage? (Current Remaining Time: 7 minutes 02 seconds!)"

Let's begin!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the lifelike painting of the Dragon God that was just inches away from him and felt the awe-inspiring dragon qi of the Dragon God in the painting. It had supreme divine might and he gulped heavily.

Fuck!

"Activate!"

Buzz…

A familiar summoning array was formed.

"What the f*ck? What the f*ck is this?"

…

< EMPTY >