Chapter 275: Epic Mark

Ding… your [Ascending Dragon Slaying] 's one-hit kill effect has been triggered!'

Ding… congratulations on killing level 25 Epic BOSS Flood Dragon. EXP gained: 800W + Reputation: 10,000! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Two consecutive golden lights flashed, and the huge eight million experience points made the experience bar jump two times, directly increasing to Level 25 32%!

This was not the end.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Epic Boss: Serpent. As you are the first to kill an Epic Boss alone, the system will announce it. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

A familiar voice sounded.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng was currently lying on the ground in a daze. His head was dizzy and he could not respond at all.

Ten seconds later—

"Players don't have a choice. The system defaults as revealing!"

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of level 25 Epic Boss Jiao. As the first player to kill an Epic Boss alone, he has received a reward: Random Equipment * 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book * 1, Random Scroll * 1, Reputation 10000! This is an announcement! '

Ding…

Ding…

The familiar three consecutive world announcements turned the world of fate upside down.

‘ What?’

Someone actually killed an Ancient BOSS single-handedly?

F*ck!

How was this possible?

If it's not cheating, I'll eat shit.

Huh?

Was it Weeping Soul Beast?

Oh.

Then everything was fine.

Ya Tu: "Brother Weeping Soul, you're starting again?"

Mu Mu: "Big baddie, do you have the equipment that I want? Hmph, I will offer the highest price."

Qing Si: "Congratulations!"

Dazzling Dancing Fire: "Little brother, you're amazing. Are you going to ask me out or not?! I can deliver myself to you! (selfie.jPG)"

Fengxing: "I worship big brother JPG!"

"Greetings, boss!"

The cute child's father: "I worship big brother JPG!"

Apostle: "I worship big brother JPG!"

"I worship big brother JPG!"

Instantly.

The communicator rang non-stop, and the IDs in his friends list flashed as everyone sent their congratulations.

"These guys!"

Qin Luo did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He shook his head vigorously. When the dizziness weakened and he recovered a little, he replied one after another.

However…

When it was Luo Sheng's turn to dance, his fingers unknowingly tapped open the picture she had sent over. Instantly, a white picture of a beauty emerging from the shower came into view.

Qin Luo Sheng: (￣ t)??

Ah, these legs are so big. Oh, no, these breasts are so white…

Qin Sheng, who was already in a state of undying fighting spirit and dragon blood burning with death, was extremely excited. How could he be so stimulated?

Instantly.

Her mouth was dry and her blood was racing. She felt her heart beating faster and her nose was wet, as if something was about to come out.

F*ck!

The sinister devil retreated.

Retreat, retreat, retreat…

Demons, don't you dare mess with my Dao heart!

"Seriously, who are these people?"

Qin Luo was furious and could not help but complain.

However, even though he was furious, why did his eyes not obey his commands?

A glance.

Hmm, there seemed to be something wrong. He took another glance.

Cough, cough. The two bumps under the towel don't seem to match. Wait, let me take another look.

"R!"

Blood spurted out of his nose uncontrollably. Qin Sheng immediately covered his nose and cried out to the sky.

What sin did I commit?

Why did he open this thing?

Now it was good.

His heart was restless, his blood was boiling, and his head was shaking. He felt like he was no longer himself.

Dazzling Fire Dance, I'll remember you.

I never thought that you would be able to reach me from thousands of miles away!

It was a little impressive.

I am a man who could even defeat a dragon, yet you almost knocked me down with one move.

I, Qin Sheng, am willing to call you the strongest 'jungler'!

"I can't take it anymore, I can't keep up with the nutrition. I've switched it off."

Qin Sheng did not even dare to look at Qin Luo, who could not even take a single glance. With great willpower, he quickly switched off the communicator and completely blocked it, preventing the possibility of a comeback.

Of course, before closing it, the finger was still very honestly displaying the high hand speed of being an expert player. "Click to copy and save" was a one-stop operation. It was completed in a second. Yes, very OK!

"Sigh, I haven't seen the time. It's really ugly and embarrassing."

Qin Luo gave himself a tight slap.

It was not their fault for being incompetent, but the enemy's Gundam.

A high-definition beauty coming out of the bath.

Damn it!

Who could withstand that?

I'm just a loser, boss. Don't tempt me like this, okay?

"What a careless girl. How can you publish such a photo? What if it gets out?"

Qin Sheng raised his head to prevent some sort of red liquid from flowing out of his nose. He said with a righteous expression, "Let me save it for you. A beautiful record of such a beautiful age should be preserved. When you get old and flip it open, you can still appreciate the beauty of your youth and recall those tender and beautiful moments, right?"

Yeah.

That's right.

I was looking out for her.

I'm a good person!

"Alright, stop thinking about all this nonsense. Next, the main event will begin!"

After hypnotizing himself, Qin Sheng hurriedly picked up all the spoils of war that the jiao had dropped. He then rubbed his hands excitedly and opened his backpack.

There was no need to mention the thousands of crystal coins. The most important thing was the items left behind by the wyrm after its death, the so-called reward that he once mentioned, and the reward given by the system after he killed the Epic Boss.

First,

What Qin Qin Sheng took out was something familiar. It was different from the bronze, silver and gold he had obtained earlier. This piece was orange.

[Epic Mark] was a special item. It was a part of the Goddess of Fate's Forbidden Treasure. It would be rewarded to the first warrior who killed an Epic Boss alone!

That's right.

This was it!

Only by killing the first Boss of each grade would he be able to obtain the exclusive mark from the system, which could be used to upgrade his talent.

"Ding… Due to the influence of an unknown power, your talent has awakened further!"

[Epic Mark] transformed into an orange glow and was absorbed by the sun and moon pattern on his hand. In an instant, the system prompt sounded and a warm current emerged from his body. It spread throughout his body at an extremely fast speed and reached his limbs and bones, filling every cell.

Awesome!