Chapter 289: Who'S The Director?

Ready?

Qin Luo looked at his current state and smiled bitterly.

What else was there to prepare?

It was useless.

You even took away the dragon egg, aren’t you clearly trying to make me happy?

‘ Do you?’

Forget it.

In any case, he did not hold much hope.

To be able to enter the Dragon God Diagram and experience the boundless starry skies of this boundless universe and see the legendary Dragon God, he had already earned enough. He was content!

"Come on!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and faced the Dragon God solemnly.

Even if the situation was already set in stone, he had to lose with dignity. This was Qin Sheng's stubbornness.

He was someone who would never turn back even if he didn’t die. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have come this far and obediently handed over the dragon egg for peace.

Lose. Sure.

He could afford to lose.

Death didn’t matter.

But he had to die standing.

"Then, the test has begun!"

The Dragon God's head was slightly lowered as he looked down. His body, which was so enormous that it could not be measured, pressed down like Mount Tai. No, it was more like a planet falling, brazenly pressing down, giving Qin Sheng an indescribable immense pressure.

At the same time.

The Dragon God's deliberately restrained dragon's might also erupted at the same time. Under the double control, Qin Sheng's body had already bent down in less than a second.

"The dragon race was once the overlord of the world. They were naturally arrogant and would never submit to others."

The Dragon God said, "Since ancient times, many races have been able to enter the eyes of the dragon race, and there are also many talented spirits who have signed contracts with the dragon race. However, they are usually bestowed with power by the dragon race. At most, they can sign an equal contract."

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and endured the suppression of the vast dragon's might. Although his words entered his ears, he was powerless to respond and could only listen.

"Now, you have broken this rule. With you as the master and the dragon as the servant, the dragon race is unable to accept it. In addition, this dragon egg that I left behind is extremely special. The dragon race will definitely kill you. If not for the prophecy that was passed down in the clan when I left, you would not have had today's trial."

‘ I see.’

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng finally understood.

Everything had been arranged beforehand.

How arrogant were the dragon race? How could they be threatened by the human race? Not only did they spare a lowly vermin like him, but they even gave him a chance to enter the Dragon God Temple of the Dragon Clan's supreme temple and participate in the supreme trial that only the dragon race could open?

Human Emperor's role?

Don’t be ridiculous.

Even though the human race was powerful, the dragon race was not weak either. After all, the former overlord of the world, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse.

Even though there were very few members of the Dragon Clan, and they were simply like clouds and mud when compared to humans, there were truly too many pseudo Dragon Clans, and there were many vassal clans that possessed strengths and powers that weren’t inferior to humans by too much.

In addition, the human race was not united, but divided into different countries (war zones). Internal strife was severe, and there were other races eyeing them covetously, wanting to pull the human race down. In such an environment, it could be said that danger lurked everywhere and there were enemies everywhere.

In this situation, if they were to start a war with the Dragon race, even if the Human race won in the end, it would still be a miserable victory. Their position as the overlord of the world would definitely not be preserved.

Who would dare to start a war that was betting on the fate of their race? If not for the danger of their race being exterminated, who would dare to do so?

In the interests of the entire human race, what was a mere Weeping Soul Beast?

Not to mention that he was the one who caused this trouble, causing the human race to be in the wrong and fall into a passive state, even if he wasn’t, if sacrificing him could change the peace of the human race, then those dukes and kings would definitely agree to sacrifice him.

Funny thing.

Back then, Qin Sheng had thought that he was capable enough to use his brain and trick the dragon race into running around in circles.

First, he made use of Star Glory City to protect himself for a day. Then, he used the return scroll to travel through the human territory, causing the Hundred Dragons to leave the Dragon Island and suppress the human race. He forced the Human Emperor to step out and suppress the dragon race.

That's right.

This was indeed a success.

The proud dragon gave in.

The king of the Black Dragon Tribe, Long Yuan, was punished.

The hundred dragons that had flown out of the dragon's lair were also punished.

Even the Dragon Emperor of the Dragon race had personally rushed over to communicate with the Human Emperor and discuss a solution.

Initially, he thought that his director was in control of the entire situation. However, he now realized that he was just a chess piece. The person who was truly controlling everything behind the scenes was the big shot in front of him, the God of the Dragon Race.

“c

m. How dare you plot against me and toy with my life?”

Qin Sheng, who had figured everything out, was instantly enraged.

"Oh, interesting!"

The Dragon God revealed a hint of interest when he saw that Qin Sheng was not being crushed by the dragon's might and was instead showing signs of raising his head. However, his tone was cold. "No wonder you were able to pass through the trials I set up and awaken my dormant will to enter this place. Unfortunately, you're still like an ant. Do you think you can ascend to the heavens with such little strength?"

Creak…

Creak…

Creak…

How could a mortal resist the Dragon God's dragon might?

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng felt as if he was carrying a huge mountain on his back. Moreover, this pressure was still expanding continuously.

Just now, when the Dragon God activated the dragon's might at the first moment, he was already somewhat unable to withstand it. His body was crushed and he almost knelt on the ground. If it wasn't for his strong willpower, he wouldn't be hunched like an old man now, but kneeling on the ground. He would either prostrate on the ground or stick his entire body to the ground.

"I… don't… believe it!"

Qin Luo roared.

Even though his entire body was in unbearable pain, especially under that suffocating pressure, the bones in his body were seriously dislocated, releasing creaking sounds, he still didn’t yield.

"An ant trying to shake a tree, overestimating himself!"

The Dragon God snorted as if he was talking about the heavens. With a single word, mountains and rivers collapsed, the sun and moon hung upside down, and the stars fell. The terrifying divine power caused the entire universe to shake, as if time was in disorder and space was shattered. It was a scene of doomsday.

* bang *

* bang *

* bang *

The moment the Dragon God exerted the second pressure, Qin Sheng, who was on the verge of his limits, could no longer hold on. He was crushed in an instant.

In an instant.

His skin cracked and blood gushed out. His meridians were broken and his bones shattered…

He was like a broken porcelain doll, completely rotten. His entire body was stained with blood, turning him into a terrifying bloody person.

"Kneel down and you will be spared from death!"

The Dragon God spoke.

"Kneel?"

Qin Luo Sheng's original height of 1.8 meters had now become 1.23 meters. The bones in his legs were broken and the soles of his feet were crushed. The bone dregs crawled out along his torn muscles and cracked skin, stained with fresh blood.

"Exemption from death? Hahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled weakly. Even though death was approaching, his arrogance did not decrease at all. "So what if I'm alive? So what if I'm dead? Don't even think about destroying my will with the body you can destroy."

"Is that so? Then die!"