Chapter 284: The Temptation Of Death

Death?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes almost popped out.

What kind of divine ability was this?

Wasn't he in the Dragon God Hall?

What the hell was Death?

Why is the Death God in the Dragon God Temple? Why is it connected to my consciousness?

Huh.

Wait.

It seems that I have a vessel that connects me to the Death God!

‘ So it’s you—’

Earrings, [Death's Embrace]!

"Are you really Death?"

Qin Luo asked doubtfully.

If it was in reality, it was needless to say that he was 100% crazy. However, in the world of Fate Dimension, he had entered the Dragon God Temple and was about to die under the mouth of a dragon. What else was impossible?

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… Could it be that there is someone who dares to pretend to be me?"

The God of Death laughed. "I am the King of the Underworld. I control the world of death. To you humans, I am the God of Death!"

Hades? Death God?

What kind of nonsense was this?

"Why are you looking for me?"

Qin Luo Sheng forced himself to calm down and keep his mind clear as he responded seriously. It was best not to believe a single punctuation of this B's words. Otherwise, he would definitely be dragged into the ditch by this fellow who called himself the Grim Reaper.

There was no such thing as a free lunch in this world. Other than your parents, no one would treat you well for no reason. Those who treated you well definitely had ulterior motives. If you were not careful, you might be bitten to the bone by them.

"Deal!"

Death God replied concisely.

“A deal?”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression froze. He could not help but think of the [Demon's Blood Sacrifice] that he once possessed. Even if he could exchange it for tremendous power, he would still have to pay a heavy price.

"That's right, it's a deal!"

The Death God enticed him. "As long as you are willing to sacrifice your soul and become my slave, I will descend from the Netherworld and kill the enemy in front of you. I will also give you strength so that you can enjoy eternal life!"

Qin Sheng:…

Was this guy serious?

Was he really the Grim Reaper and not the God of Fun?

I’m dying of laughter.

Isn't your tone of deceiving a child a little too low?

Lord, times have changed!

Your method is no longer feasible.

Do you really think I'm a newbie?

A person with a tone like yours who would give empty invoices for no reason would usually not survive more than three episodes in a television drama. It was purely going through the motions to give the protagonist warmth!

"Sounds good!"

Qin Luo Sheng asked with interest, "Why did you choose me? An ant like me shouldn't be able to enter Lord Grim Reaper's eyes, right?"

"Of course not!"

The Grim Reaper's tone was cold and sinister. "You are very important to me! You are very weak, but there is a power in your body that even I want to obtain."

"Oh? So honest?"

Qin Luo's brows twitched. "Aren't you afraid that I won't agree to the deal?"

"No, no, no! You will agree."

The God of Death said firmly, "Since ancient times, no one has been able to escape my control."

"You sure are confident!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered, "That's because you didn't meet me."

"Your self-confidence isn't bad either. I like people like you who are full of confidence. Because once someone like you is forced to the end of the road and needs my power, you will become even more ruthless. The deeper your mind is tainted, the faster you will degenerate into the devil path."

The Grim Reaper laughed maniacally. "It's just like what happened to you right now. Without strength, you can't even control your own fate. You can only be at the mercy of others. Life and death are not up to you."

"So what?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was slightly dark, but he still retorted stubbornly, "So what if I die? It's much better than selling my soul to you and never being able to rest in peace."

“Is that so? Then let’s wait and see. I’ve lived for countless years, and what I’ve seen and heard far surpasses your imagination. In this world, aside from the devil that destroys humanity, no race can escape the word—love!”

In the face of Qin Sheng's rejection, the Death God remained unmoved. He continued, "Among them, you humans are the most important. The love of you humans is the best amongst all the races."

Qin Luo's heart sank.

“At the same time, it’s also you humans that are the most thorough and strongest after you’ve fallen into depravity. The Buddhist Child of the ancient times was possessed by the devil, causing all Buddhas to go extinct. The princes of the ancient times fell from immortality, and a group of immortals perished. Another Asura appeared 30,000 years ago, and it slaughtered all living beings and annihilated all living beings…”

"And your potential is even greater than theirs. You are the chess piece that I value the most. As long as you fall, I can absorb your power of despair and darkness. With the help of the death aura that you used to slaughter all living beings, I can take another step forward and transcend the Netherworld, becoming the supreme being of heaven and earth, controlling the three realms and six realms."

"In your dreams!" Qin Sheng gritted his teeth. "Do you think I'll fall for your trick if you reveal these secrets so openly?"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… He's a young man after all. How naive and adorable!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, the grim reaper burst out laughing arrogantly. "This world is very cruel. A person like you who has great love in his heart but does not have the strength to protect it will eventually fall into the abyss. At that time, you will no longer say such words. Your will, your beliefs, your soul, everything about you will be sold out by you. Your heart… is willing… sold out."

"I don't believe it!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared loudly.

“You don’t believe me, do you? If that’s the case, then so be it!” The Death God’s voice gradually quieted down. “If your heart isn’t injured, you will never know the value of strength. Today, I’ll let you know how pitiful the world of the weak is.—No need for me to use my strength, just wait to be sprayed to death by that little fire bug.”

"Spit to death?" Qin Luo snorted coldly. "Stop playing the tricks of the mastermind. You think that you can easily control others and play with the hearts of others just because you control the entire situation. In reality, you are just a piece of trash hiding in the shadows. King of Hades? Death? You really make me laugh my teeth out."

"Go ahead and scold me as much as you want. One day, you will understand what I said today." The Death God was not angry. His tone was still calm. "Fate is a very strange thing! ~ ~"

“That’s all you have!” Qin Luo’s eyes shone brightly. “We humans have gone through countless tribulations, bathed in blood, and endured countless hardships to get to where we are today. It’s not because of that so-called fate you speak of! How can we be as prosperous as the human race if we don’t break the shackles of fate? If the ancestors of the human race can do it, then I can do it as well.—I believe that humans will prevail over the heavens!”

"Is that so?" The Grim Reaper calmly spoke. "Your fate is about to descend. Death is your final destination. Your so-called man is destined to conquer the heavens. Can you break free from the shackles of fate?"

"Of course!"

A smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face. Then, he placed his right hand on his chest and felt the vigorous vitality of his beating heart. He raised his head to the sky and roared loudly and powerfully, "I'll break the f*cking fate you speak of right now for you to see!"