Chapter 285: The Power Of Death, The Light Of Victory

The world of consciousness was silent.

Qin Luo opened his eyes.

It caught his eye.

It was the rapidly descending Scorching Dragon Breath.

"Death, is this the fate that you predicted?"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled into a confident smile.

Unfortunately.

Your appearance seemed to have broken this fate.

Speaking of which…

I should still thank you.

If not for your appearance, I would have already closed my eyes and waited for death. Now, I reckon that the dragon egg has been dropped and I have returned to Star Glory City.

The earring on my right ear—[Death's Embrace]. Perhaps it's a vessel that you can connect to my consciousness?

‘ Because of you.’ I thought of it, of this final trump card that I’d always ignored, the one that could turn defeat into victory.

Just watch.

Watch carefully.

‘ I’ll break your bullshit destiny right now.’

Besides.

Or should I borrow your strength to break it?

"The first half of the match is over, and so is the second half. Now, the additional time match begins."

Qin Luo Sheng said softly, "An extremely magnificent scene is about to unfold. Right now, what's about to play out is the Blood Thread Disappearance Technique!"

True Dragon.

You used the Forbidden Technique, Hundred Dragons Dance, as a grand funeral to send me off. Now, I will return the favor by giving you a stunning Instant Destruction Feast.

"Summon Death Skeleton!"

The Epic-ranked ring on the middle finger of his right hand, [Death], was shrouded in black mist. Under Qin Sheng's summoning, a gigantic ten-meter-tall skeleton appeared. It held a huge sword in its hand and wore armor. It was extraordinarily powerful.

Bang…

The dragon fire should have landed on Qin Luo Sheng's body, but it was blocked by the Dead Bone Giant.

“Shadow Escape!”

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng cast a technique and teleported five meters away, dodging the dragon's breath that was charging towards him.

Probing skill!

[True Dragon (Legendary Boss)]

Level: 35

Health: 9953224 / 120,000 (82.9%)

Mana: 310,000 / 3500,000 (88.6%)

Physical Attack: 150,000

Magic Attack: 85000

Physical Defense: 68,000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 3000

Skills:???

Introduction: A little.

As expected of a real Legendary Boss, it was really ferocious!

This attribute was enough to make any player despair after seeing it.

Indeed.

To the players, Epic and Legendary were too far away.

For a hacker like me, my attack power is tens of thousands. Just now, I stood on the head of the True Dragon and did whatever I wanted. Like a mad dog, I attacked repeatedly and even cut him into two. I even used water to counter fire and used water to corrode his internal organs. Such a fatal wound that can kill a person several times actually only took away this little bit of health?

Ridiculous.

Damn it!

Still.

It was no longer important to complain.

Because—

I won!

Qin Luo had won this battle.

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes! Sustain: 1 time!"

NICE!

He really succeeded!

Qin Luo's tears welled up at the prompt from the system.

He had originally thought that the Lord of the Stars was omnipotent, but when he fought with the wyrm just now, it was like a blow to the head, knocking Qin Sheng awake. It turned out that the so-called perfection was only relative.

Fortunately.

After killing the Flood Dragon, the Lords of the Stars evolved again. From absorbing the low-level energies of bronze, silver, and gold, they evolved to absorbing the middle-level energy of the Epic mark. The hierarchy had already been turned upside down. It was no longer effective on the True Dragon, which was also a middle-level Legendary powerhouse.

"Hahahaha… The power of the rules of the strong. That's right, it's this power. What I'm looking for is this power!"

Through the embrace of the god of death and borrowing its power, the god of death naturally sensed the existence of the Lords of the Stars at the first moment. He changed from his previous low and seductive tone and became extremely excited and crazy, as if he had never seen the passage of time. He wildly shouted, “We must obtain it, we must obtain it! Hehehehehe…”

"Obtain the Master of the Stars? Dream on!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "I have the Lord of the Stars. As long as I can continuously make it evolve and unleash its bug-level abilities, why would I need you, the King of the Underworld, the power of the so-called Death God? Hmph, there's no need."

"Back then, the Great Wizard of Darkness was able to absorb your powers and summon you from the Underworld. He then kicked you back and sealed your powers in the embrace of Death. He used you as a tool. Why can't I?"

"Oh? You still haven't given up?"

How could the scorching dragon breath of a Legendary Boss be simple? The seemingly mighty Skeletal Giant was quickly melted by the dragon breath and turned into ashes. The True Dragon tilted its head and looked at Qin Sheng who was blinking. It said in a low voice, "I sensed a terrifying death force from you. Is this your final trump card?"

"Thank you for your kindness!"

The feeble Qin Sheng forced himself to stand up and bowed slightly as he looked at the True Dragon. "I am indebted to senior for his love and for granting me a magnificent funeral as a sign of respect. I have come from a country of etiquette, so I will definitely return the favor with a gift."

"Interesting!"

The True Dragon said in a deep voice, “Could it be that you think that I’m afraid of your incomparably weak Death Energy?”

"I know my place."

Qin Luo shrugged his shoulders and replied, "The power of death that a weakling like me can control naturally doesn't enter your eyes."

With that,

Without waiting for the True Dragon to reply, Qin Sheng's expression darkened slightly. He changed the topic. "But, Lord of the Underworld, where is the Death God's power of death?"

"Netherworld King? Death God?" The True Dragon's pupils suddenly contracted. "I'm naturally far inferior to the power of gods, but so what if it's the Death God? This is the Dragon Clan's Sacred Hall, the place of the Dragon God. Even Death God wouldn't dare to come here."

Qin Sheng strongly agreed with these words.

"That's right. That bastard, the God of Death, who only knows how to hide in the dark and scheme against others, certainly doesn't dare to target the dragons and find trouble with the Dragon God."

God of Death:???