Chapter 286: True Dragon'S Soul Essence (Fire)

"However, even if the Grim Reaper doesn't dare to come, I dare!"

Qin Luo looked straight into the eyes of the True Dragon and coldly shouted, "Death God's Embrace, activate!"

Jejejejeje…

A familiar cold and strange laughter suddenly sounded.

With the effects of the Starlight Blessing, after raising the power of death to the peak of perfection, with the help of the vessel [Death's Embrace], the illusory figure of Death crossed the Underworld and appeared in the Dragon God Temple, floating behind Qin Sheng.

"What a terrifying human brat. He even dared to make use of me. Hehehehe…"

The illusory figure of the Grim Reaper lowered its head and looked at Qin Sheng. The greed in its eyes seemed as if it wanted to swallow him whole.

“Don’t try to show off in front of me. You’re just a tool. I’m your master now. Work for me.”

The Death's Gaze did not scare Qin Sheng at all. He sneered and controlled the [Death's Embrace] with his mind. He also indirectly controlled the Death's Embrace, which could manifest the power of death.

"Are young people nowadays so rude?"

The King of the Underworld, the God of Death, was actually being yelled at like a dog by a human and reduced to a pathetic tool. Even though the God of Death had other motives, he could not bear such humiliation and his face turned cold on the spot.

“Humph, brat, just you wait. I will remember today’s humiliation in my heart.”

It was merely a projection. Furthermore, it was restricted by the seal left behind by the Great God of Darkness who had created the [Death God's Embrace] back then. Upon discovering that Qin Luo Sheng did not fall for his enticing methods, even though the Death God was angry, there was nothing he could do.

"Little Fire Snake, die for me!"

Since he couldn't do anything to Qin Luo, he could only release his qi on the dragon. Under Qin Luo's command, the technique, 'Embrace of Death', was officially activated.

In an instant.

The massive Death God projection spread open its arms, and a vast power of death appeared, enveloping the True Dragon's heaven and earth at an extremely fast speed.

Time was restricted, space was sealed.

Under the power of the God of Death, even a legendary existence like the True Dragon was like an ant. In the face of the impending end, it could not escape. It could only watch helplessly as the Death God that represented death embraced it.

-10,800,000!

The God of Death's embrace descended, and the aura of death enshrouded the True Dragon completely.

Instantly.

The 100-meter long dragon's life force was taken away, and a huge 8-digit damage burst out from the head of the dragon. It was exactly 90% of his total health!

Ding… congratulations on killing Strengthened Peak Epic Boss: True Dragon. EXP gained: 1200W + Reputation: 12000! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 24 free attribute points! '

Two golden lights flashed.

The enormous amount of EXP allowed Qin Luo Sheng's EXP bar, which had already stored a portion of it, to surge once again. He broke through two checkpoints consecutively and reached Level 27 2%!

Another two levels?

Comfortable!

Except.

Why did the True Dragon not calculate his Legendary-level strength, but the first Strengthening Epic peak?

Damn it!

Isn't it disgusting?

He killed a Legendary BOSS but treated it as an Ancient?

What the f*ck, wasn't he hoping for the Lord of Stars to evolve again for nothing?

"Hu…"

The Death God was hidden and the True Dragon was dead.

Qin Sheng had already been weakened by the burning of dragon blood, and after nearly five hours of continuous high-intensity combat, and then being calcined by the true dragon's dragon fire, if not for his strong willpower and resilience, he would have long been unable to hold on.

"Are they all crystal coins? Damn!"

Qin Sheng was very displeased when he glanced at the starlight bursting out from the true dragon.

Fight to the death, put in so much effort, just like that?

Although this was a trial mission, the trial monsters and trial BOSS were summoned and their energy manifested. They did not have a physical body and were not real monsters in the conventional sense, but this drop rate was too bad, right?

Fortunately.

The trashy minion did not say anything. Boss-level monsters still had some conscience. Starting from the Earth Dragon, every Boss would at least give something. Otherwise, Qin Luo Sheng would have felt that he had long broken through and started cursing.

He calculated the treasures that the Boss gave him—

The Earth Dragon's [Pure Dragon Source] had activated the fusion scroll that had been sealed for a long time, and it was delighted to obtain the divine skill, Sacred Flame.

The effects of the [Water Venomous Snake] were unknown at the moment, but it was still an Epic-ranked material. In the future, it would definitely have its uses when refining weapons.

The [Scale of a Flood Dragon] could summon the clone of a Flood Dragon. It was a good reward. At least he had a strong fighter.

Now, what did the True Dragon of the final trial boss drop?

“Let me see what it is. You must not disappoint me!!!”

Rubbing his hands together, Qin Luo Sheng picked up a ball of fiery red light.

[True Dragon's Soul Essence (Fire)]

Type: Energy

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: A pure energy source that contains the power of the True Dragon's Soul Essence. It possesses an immeasurable amount of boundless energy and has a wide range of uses!

“Mm? Is it the same energy ball that the earth dragon dropped [Pure Dragon Source]?”

Qin Luo frowned slightly.

This thing was naturally good stuff.

Yet.

Even if it was a good item, it had to be used. It was useless. It was just like the fusion scroll from before. What was the use of it being sealed?

“It’s a Legendary item. It’s a pity that I don’t have anything similar to a fusion scroll, so I can use it!”

Qin Luo was helpless.

Sitting on a mountain of gold, yet unable to refine gold, displaying its value, it really was hard to bear.

Buzz…

Just as Qin Luo was about to put the [True Dragon Soul Essence (Fire)] into his backpack, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] that was placed at the side suddenly started trembling violently.

What was going on?

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

Masaka.

You wanna dance too?

Ding… [Coiling Dragon Water] wants to absorb [True Dragon's Soul Essence (Fire)]. Do you agree? '

Qin Sheng picked up the two items and slowly approached them. There was no need for him to exert any strength. It was as if there was a magnetic attraction force between them, especially the [Coiling Dragon Liquid]. The edge of the sword trembled violently and emitted a series of sword hums.

"Agreed!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed by the system's prompt.

Initially, he was still troubled over how to place the [True Dragon's Soul Essence (Fire)] so that it could display its value. Unexpectedly, he met a pillow when he was sleepy and immediately got what he wanted.

Wasn't this a free lunch?

Who wouldn't agree to something good? Wouldn't they be fools?

Ding… [Coiling Dragon Water] has successfully absorbed [True Dragon's Soul Essence (Fire)]. [Coiling Dragon Water] has evolved! '