Chapter 281: Dragon Awakening

Qin Sheng, who was in the sea of fire, naturally bore the brunt of the extreme heat. His entire body was enveloped.

Qin Luo Sheng was very glad that it was only a virtual battle of data. Otherwise, he would have been reduced to ashes in a second, without even a corpse left.

Yet.

Even if it was a virtual battle, based on data alone, the damage that was as high as 20,000 points per second was extremely terrifying. If not for the 99% increase in all attributes of the Dragon's Blood Burst and 100% increase in Ice Skin, with his 30,000 HP, he would not even last two seconds.

Besides.

The most important thing was not Health Points, but pain. Extreme pain.

How intense was the pain of being burned?

Qin Qin Sheng did not know before, but he knew now.

Even though the system had reduced the pain rate to 10%, the burning pain was still unbearable.

Furthermore, it was not an instant of pain. Instead, it was burning all the time. From head to toe, from head to toe, every part of his body was in the sea of fire, enduring the pain.

"F*ck you! Die!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot.

The extreme pain was not only destroying his nerves and beliefs step by step, it was also constantly forcing him into a situation where he was like a mad dog.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

The raging flames did not cause Qin Luo to collapse. Instead, it triggered his violence and made him even more crazed.

Sword shadows flashed, and the sword aura was awe-inspiring.

In the sea of fire, Qin Sheng endured the intense pain and launched an attack that was even sharper than before.

"What a terrifying fellow!"

True Dragon was also moved. For the first time, his tone changed from arrogant disdain to admiration and surprise. “However, the disparity between you and me is too great. Your will and conviction are worthy of affirmation, but in the face of absolute strength, all of this is useless. It’s completely useless.”

The true dragon asked solemnly, "Human, what's your name?"

Qin Luo replied through gritted teeth, "…Weeping… Soul…"

"Weeping Soul?" The True Dragon let out a dragon's roar. "Human, Weeping Soul, I acknowledge you! You are a true warrior, and I will give you the respect a warrior should have. I will unleash the maximum power this illusory body can unleash and fight you with the strongest stance."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Big boss, there was no need for that!

Let's be reasonable. There's no need to be so flashy, okay?

I'm already miserable enough, can you stop adding insult to injury?

He couldn’t even calcine the sea of fire, so why would he need something even fiercer?

Please be a human!

“Dragon Awakening, drink!”

Unfortunately.

The prayer in Qin Sheng's heart had no effect. The true dragon did not obey his will. With a roar, it began to evolve.

A majestic dragon power was unleashed as boundless energy swept through the entire Dragon God Hall.

The flames on the True Dragon's body were extinguished. Replacing it was a domineering aura of supremacy, crushing down and intimidating Qin Sheng.

When he had faced the true dragon earlier, Qin Sheng had felt that he was facing a dragon, a high-level life form at the top of the biological chain. But now, the true dragon made Qin Sheng feel that he was facing a god, a great existence that was difficult to describe. He had completely escaped the so-called biological chain and transcended the existence of the dimension.

Probing skill!

[True Dragon (Legendary Boss)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 120,000,000

Mana: 3500000

Physical Attack: 150,000

Magic Attack: 85000

Physical Defense: 68,000

Magic Defense: 50,000

Speed: 3000

Skills:???

Introduction: The dragon was once the overlord of the world. It swept across the universe and encompassed the universe. All the myriad creatures in the world bowed their heads. The Venomous Snake evolved into a flood dragon, and the flood dragon evolved into a dragon. The dragon evolved into a dragon. Although it was gifted and had strong combat power, the dragon blood that it transformed into was never pure. It also did not have the secret technique of the dragon race's inheritance, so it was very difficult to obtain the recognition of the True Dragon's bloodline. As for the True Dragon, it was mostly the descendant of the first Ancestral Dragon in the world. It was born with the ability to inherit the secret techniques of the dragon race through the bloodline and obtain the Great Dao cultivation technique. At the same time, it could greatly activate the blood of the True Dragon and the power of the True Dragon. It was able to intimidate all living beings and was the true ruler of the water race, the scaled dragon.

Qin Sheng:…

I was too hard.

Was there still any law?

Was there still justice?

Is there still a law?

The reason why I endured the pain of being burned by the flames was because of that last bit of hope. I hoped that I could trigger a one-hit kill effect and win this battle.

Do you know how painful it is to be surrounded by flames, to have every part of your body being calcined?

I'm already in such a miserable state, and you still want to add fuel to the fire?

Extreme strength?

Reveal the strongest stance?

Respect?

‘ No.’

I don’t need your respect. You should go back to what you were before!

“Really, it’s already, reached, the limit?”

Green smoke was rising from his entire body as he continued to convulse. His eyes were lifeless as he watched the countdown timer for the Dragon's Blood Ignition Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Extinguishing Exalted. He raised his head to look at the gorgeous dragon patterns on the dome, appearing slightly lost.

“Is everything I’ve worked so hard for meaningless? In the face of absolute strength, what will, what faith, what persistence… is all meaningless?”

Qin Luo forced himself up and stood up. He fell silent as he looked at the true dragon's attributes.

Too strong.

He was truly like a god that was difficult to look up to.

Is this what I want to fight against?

The SSS trial had not failed those three SSSs after all!

"Weihun, you're too strong. Even I, a descendant of the dragon race, have difficulty reaching this step under the highest trial set by the Dragon God."

The true dragon’s voice was as loud as a bell. “Your talent is extraordinary, and you lack reverence towards the dragon race. Moreover, you possess the Dragon Slaying Sword. In the future, you will surely become a great enemy of my dragon race. Today, I must kill you here and destroy your Dragon Slaying Sword. You are a true warrior, a true expert. To show my respect for you, I allow you to leave behind your last words.”

Qin Sheng:…

WDNMLGBD!

Listen, listen, listen, are you f*cking speaking human language?

What do you mean by I'm too strong? You have to kill me?

Hello.

What was with this animation?

Unless…

Did you learn from some wood-playing ninja?

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng finally understood the grievance of a certain fox with nine tails.

You clearly can kill me with a single breath or with a single hand, yet you fucking say things like ‘you’re too strong and must be sealed and killed’. Isn’t that disgusting and hypocritical?

"Last words?"

Although he was cursing to death in his heart, on the surface, Qin Sheng, who had been burned by the fire for a long time, was on the verge of his physical and mental limits. He couldn't even stand steadily, so how could he have the mood to argue with a true dragon?

Except.

The dragon egg in his backpack began to throb at this moment. It originated from the connection between his bloodlines and the compatibility of his spirit. Its beating gradually fused with Qin Sheng's heartbeat, forming a similar frequency.

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng had already been continuously weakened. His fighting spirit that was about to be extinguished instantly returned to its peak.

He held his sword and howled into the sky.

“I—I don’t think—I will lose!”