Chapter 280: Dragon Fire Barrier

The stalemate made Qin Luo's head hurt.

True dragons could waste time, but he couldn’t.

The effect of Dragon's Blood Burst passed bit by bit. It would end in a minute or so. If he couldn't come up with an effective solution in that one minute, he would fall into a weakened state, and all his attributes would drop to 10%. Everything would be over!

"More than a minute?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression suddenly turned deranged. "Then let's have a good fight!"

"Dragon Might!"

-500,000!

A tremendous dragon might was unleashed once again.

Even a True Dragon would not be able to escape from the dragon's might that was emitted from the highest pure dragon blood. In an instant, all its attributes were weakened by 10%.

"The chance is here!"

The intimidation of the dragon's might made the true dragon freeze for a moment.

"Instant Slash!"

Qin Luo brought Qin Sheng 10 meters closer to the tail of the dragon.

-1,26448!

With the augmentation of many skills, coupled with the 200% damage from Instant Slash and the 500% damage from [Ascending Dragon Slaying], the Critical Hit was doubled.

All in all, 1400% of the damage only took 120,000 health points?

Isn't this too hard?

"Dragon Slaying Sword?"

Although the deterrence of the dragon's might was terrifying, it only lasted for a split second for a true dragon. When Qin Sheng's swift approach and attack succeeded, the true dragon had already recovered.

"No wonder you made it this far. Human, you actually have the Dragon Slaying Sword!!"

The True Dragon was enraged.

The Dragon Slaying Sword was a sword that targeted the dragon race. Not only did it specifically target the dragon race, but it also included the subsidiary races of the dragon race and the lower races like the snake race.

In other words…

The Dragon Slaying Sword was equivalent to the Absolute Sun Sword!

Who wouldn't be angry?

"Human, no matter how much the Dragon God values you, I will definitely not let you live today. I will definitely have your sword destroyed!"

The True Dragon raised its head and let out a dragon's roar. Flames burst forth from its entire body. With his actions, the fire elements in the space became extremely active.

“Dragonfire Barrier, activate!”

Buzz…

Energy trembled, and boundless flames quickly took shape, forming a huge prison similar to the "Boundary of the Sky Water Array" released by Shui Wu. However, the water prison turned into a fire prison.

"Ding… You are in a sea of fire. Your health points decrease by 10,000 per second!"

What?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his ears. Had he heard wrongly?

10,000 health points per second?

Could you be any more perverted?

Was there any way out?

“c

M! Are you playing dirty? "

Qin Luo Sheng's face darkened. "You want me to die? I'll stab you a few times even if I f*cking die!"

"Spatial Jump!"

It was already the last battle, and Qin Luo would not save his skills.

After the consecutive battles earlier, most of the areas in the Dragon God Hall had been cleared. Coincidentally, the location where the dragon's head was located was exactly where it had been previously. Thus, Qin Sheng activated his space jump ability and arrived above the dragon's head in a flash.

"This is our only chance!"

Qin Sheng put away the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and hugged the dragon horn with his left and right hands. He immediately activated the Mad Dog mode and used [Coiling Dragon Water] to start thrusting violently. He wanted to replicate the battle with the wyrm.

In a head-on battle, even without the threat of the Dragon Blood Igniting Death, it was far inferior to a True Dragon.

The real BOSS's strength could not be confused by the attributes of the interface. Their real strength was the strange and mysterious skills that were unpredictable and hard to defend against.

A conventional playstyle meant death.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng had no other choice. He could only target the dragon race with a 30% chance of killing them in one strike!

The Serpentine Dragon had died a horrible death because of this. He only hoped that it would be effective on the True Dragon.

"Hmph, you want to use the Dragon Slaying Sword to deal with me?"

The dragon's roar shook the heavens. "It's a pity that you're too weak. With your strength, you're unable to perfectly control the Dragon Slaying Sword. It's also difficult to activate the power of the Dragon Slaying Sword."

Qin Luo was silent.

True Dragon was right.

The difference between friend and foe was too great.

He had strengthened his strength to the peak of the Epic stage and was a True Dragon. It was too difficult for him, a mere Rank one warrior, to trigger a one-hit kill.

The so-called 30% probability seemed very high, but in reality, it was only displayed on the interface. When encountering existences that were stronger and of a higher level, the probability would be infinitely reduced, becoming insignificant.

"Do I have a choice?"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

But Qin Luo had no other choice.

Now, this was the only chance to win. Even if the odds were only 1%, 0.1%, or even 0.01%, he had to brace himself and fight.

Not just that, but death!

He was basically dead, but there was still a sliver of hope, right? What if he got lucky and triggered it?

"Human, get down. How can my head be tainted by you?"

The True Dragon shook its head madly, wanting to throw Qin Sheng off its head. The effect of the Dragon Slaying Sword wasn't obvious to him, but it wasn't completely ineffective. He was also afraid. After all, as a dragon, the Dragon Slaying Sword was the absolute nemesis.

"Go down? Even if I die, I will stay here!"

Qin Luo replied firmly.

Down?

Haha.

Can I still touch you if I go down?

Right now, he was relying on the 100% Life-Steal effect of Dragon Blood Ignition to prolong his life. Not to mention leaving this place, even if he did not attack for two to three seconds, the burning damage of this Fire Prison would be 10,000 points per second. Who would be so stupid as to give up their life?

"Trigger, trigger, trigger, damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng attacked ferociously, completely abandoning everything. All he could see was offense, offense, and continuous attacks.

Yet.

It was too difficult.

If he was rank three or four now, this thirty percent one hit kill might have already been activated.

Unfortunately.

He was just a weak novice. Compared to the levels, he was like a Boss with black iron or bronze, nothing more.

It was impossible for black iron or bronze to trigger the negative effects of killing a peak Epic existence.

"Hmph, stubborn fool!"

The true dragon could not shake off Qin Sheng for a long time, and was somewhat annoyed. It stopped moving, opened its mouth wide, and suddenly sucked the surrounding fire prison into its stomach.

Following that…

"Ah…"

A shrill scream came out of Qin Sheng's mouth.

He saw…

After absorbing the flame prison, the true dragon's scales turned red, and the temperature on its body rose rapidly. Balls of flames emerged from the gaps between the dragon scales and covered its entire body.

Previously, it was just a fire dragon. Now, it was a real fire dragon. A fire dragon that was emitting flames all over its body.

"…You… are… ruthless…"

His whole body was burning with flames, as if he was wearing a fire cloak and a armor of thorns. He was like a hedgehog, not to mention touching it, he could not even get close.

-20000!

-20000!

-20000!