Chapter 288: Dragon God Appears, Final Trial

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo wanted to vomit on the spot.

What the heck was this infertile thing?

After going through so much to reach this stage, he was almost tricked by the so-called Death God. He even killed a legendary True Dragon, yet he still didn't clear the level?

Was the SSS mission that insane?

‘ No.’

This was already out of the realm of perverts. There was no solution.

"What do we do now?"

Even Qin Luo, who had a strong willpower, was lost.

If he wasn't confused, what could he do?

The negative effects of Dragon's Blood Ignition would last for a day. In the next 24 hours, all his attributes would only be 10% of his peak state. The Lord of the Stars had also used his Rule-level BUG. The remaining time of the trial was less than 10 minutes. What else could he do? Could he turn the sky upside down?

"I really didn't expect that the destination I thought was not the end. I was happy for nothing."

Qin Sheng shook his head with a bitter smile. He had truly given up this time.

In such a state, how could he fight for the next trial level? It was even worse than a Legendary Boss like a True Dragon. Even if the trial Boss was not at the Mythical stage, it was definitely at the stronger Legendary stage.

Even killing a true dragon was won through cheating. Now that he was dead, what could he do?

He admitted defeat!

He had surrendered!

Can I stop playing?!

"Hai, it's really difficult for me!"

Qin Luo, who had lost his fighting spirit and ideals, rested for a while and recovered some stamina. He looked at the glittering crystal coins on the ground, thought for a while, then stood up. He adhered to the principle of not wasting them, picked them up one by one, and stuffed them all into his backpack.

After all, it was a spoils of war. Even though there was only one use for it now, he could not ignore it. What if this thing was of great use in the future?

As he walked, he picked up things along the way. Unknowingly, Qin Sheng walked to the front of the Dragon God Diagram.

Looking up.

Looking at the huge Dragon God Diagram, the great dragon that roamed freely in the universe, stepped on galaxies, and used planets as marbles, for some reason, reached out to touch it.

“Young man, congratulations on reaching the final step. Are you ready? Next up is the final trial.”

In an instant.

A powerful and aged voice that was filled with indifference and dignity sounded.

"You are, Dragon God?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stupefied as he stared at the Dragon God Diagram that he had thought was dead. The Dragon God's pupils that were drawn on the diagram flashed and the dragon's mouth moved slightly, almost pissing his pants on the spot.

"I am a wisp of will, a wisp of will left behind by the Dragon God before he left!"

The Dragon God answered, "You are the seventh trial challenger who opened the supreme trial, and you are also the third person who made it to the final trial. Congratulations."

"Is it that ridiculous?"

Qin Luo could hardly believe his ears.

How many years had it been? There were only seven trial challengers, and only three had managed to reach his current level. This number was no longer a simple ‘less’.

“May I ask if the previous two seniors have passed your final test?”

Qin Luo raised his hand and asked.

"No!"

The Dragon God's answer made Qin Luo's heart turn cold. "The previous seven trial-takers were all from the dragon race. You're the first outsider to open the trial. Perhaps you can break the 0 percent success rate of the Dragon God Trial so far. The human race is a race that has unlimited possibilities and can create an unlimited future!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Big brother, stop talking. My head hurts. I want to be quiet.

I'm just a small fry. Do you have to kill an ordinary human?

Even the first seven talented dragons, who had challenged the trial set by the Dragon God and had the advantages of their own race, were all defeated. How could a human like me dare to have any wishful thinking?

“Are you willing to accept the final trial?”

The Dragon God asked again.

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

Why are you staring at me like that? Do you think I dare to answer NO?

Are you going to scatter all the ashes in the next moment?

"Of course!"

Qin Luo Sheng agreed without hesitation.

He had already f*cking passed nine trials, and he was just one step away from giving up. He was truly unwilling!

Even if there was no chance of survival, I, Qin Sheng, would have my head steeled today!

"Very good. Your courage is worthy of praise!"

As soon as the Dragon God finished speaking, an irresistible suction force instantly swept Qin Sheng's body into the Dragon God Painting.

This was…

When he came back to his senses in a daze, Qin Luo realized that he was no longer in the Dragon God Hall. Instead, he was in the boundless cosmos, in the boundless cosmos.

"Illusion?"

The universe of endless darkness was dotted with stars. Qin Luo almost could not open his eyes.

Universe, galaxy, galaxy, planet, comet, planet, meteorite…

He saw everything.

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned.

The experience of facing the entire universe alone was incomparable.

Canghai's seed?

Sand of the Ganges?

Too small.

In the face of the universe, humans were extremely insignificant.

"The rise and fall of fate, the birth of fate and the gathering of fate. Do I know the origins of the Dragon race?"

The Dragon God's words rang in Qin Sheng's ears.

"I don't know."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and replied honestly.

Even though he had read a lot of novels in his previous life, who knew what kind of background "Fate Dimension" had. In the real world, there was still the crime of slander. In this lawless place, it was better to keep a low profile.

Besides.

Listening to the Dragon God's words, wasn't he about to f*cking show off? As an ant, a big shot wanted equipment, and you still want to spoil his mood? He probably didn't know how to write the word "death".

"My dragon race…"

It had begun. He had begun.

Sure enough, the Dragon God changed the topic and wanted to talk about the background of the dragon race.

To that.

Qin Luo expressed his welcome.

The God of the Dragon Race would chat with you and tell you stories. This was a special treatment that not even the Dragon Emperor had. Who would be stupid enough to not give you face?

“Sigh, forget about it. You’re too weak. Knowing too much now will only be useless.”

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

What?!

I've already taken off my pants and you're telling me this?

"Is it time for the little thing that was left behind back then to be born?"

There was a flash of light in the Dragon God's pupils. Qin Luo's backpack was broken in an instant, and the mysterious dragon egg inside flew out and landed in front of him.

"Bloodline sharing, soul contract, you are indeed the person I was waiting for!"

The Dragon God looked at Qin Luo with a complicated expression. There was an indescribable feeling in his aged eyes.

I am the person you are waiting for?

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded.

What was this game planner thinking? What kind of dialogue was this? I know the words, but why can't I understand the words?

"Please enlighten me, Dragon God!"

After coming into contact with the mysterious dragon egg and angering the dragon race, he was forced to come to Dragon Island and forcefully participated in the highest trial of the dragon race. He had overcome all obstacles to reach this stage. This chain mission was really f*cking long.

After all, it was a mission on the same level as the Lords of the Stars, so it was understandable that it was a little more complicated. Furthermore, this was a god, so it was normal for him to not be able to follow their thoughts.

"Spiritual intelligence has yet to develop, memories have yet to awaken, and my True Spirit is still in chaos… What a pity, what a pity!"

The Dragon God shook his head and did not respond to Qin Sheng. He merely stretched out his finger and gently tapped the mysterious dragon egg floating in front of him. "Are you ready? The final trial is about to begin!"