Chapter 283: Forbidden Technique: Hundred Dragons Dance

Dong!

After one slash, Qin Sheng's stamina and energy could no longer hold on. He fell from the sky and landed heavily on the ground.

"Did I succeed?"

Qin Luo raised his head shakily and looked at the True Dragon that was still floating in the air. It had been sliced into two by his sword.

Not dead?

He didn't die?

Qin Luo's eyes widened abruptly, as if he could not believe what he was seeing.

Except.

The truth is the truth. Whether you accept it or not, it is the truth.

He had planned everything, but was he still defeated?

Qin Luo Sheng bit his lips tightly. The bitter taste of failure filled his entire body.

"Sigh! The difference between us is too great, it is not my fault!"

Qin Sheng sighed faintly and finally gave up completely.

"Ding… Your Dragon Blood Burnt effect time has ended. You have entered a weakened state for 24 hours!"

"Ding… You have entered a weakened state. All attributes have decreased to 10% for 24 hours!"

Ding… Your Heavenly Wolf effect time has ended! '

"Ding! Your Leopard Sudden Effect has ended!"

"Ding! Your Ice Skin effects have ended!"

"Ding! Your Roaming Snake Step effect time is over!"

"Ding, your battle intent has been extinguished. Skill Undying battle intent effect time is over!"

"Ding… System has detected that your condition is extremely weak. Please exit the game as soon as possible!"

A series of system prompts bombarded his ears, but Qin Luo turned a deaf ear to them. He just lay quietly on the ground, looking at the two halves of the True Dragon's body in the air. His eyes were lifeless, like a salted fish that had lost its dream.

"What incredible power!"

The true dragon’s voice rang out. “No wonder the human race has replaced our dragon race as the overlord of the world. It seems like it’s not because our race has too many limitations, but because the human race is more desirable.”

"A mere human junior with the strength of an ant can actually achieve such a level. The human race is truly a terrifying race!"

"Ever since I was born, in these countless years, you are the strongest human junior I have ever seen. Whether it is willpower, faith, wisdom, combat talent, or anything else, no one can compare to you."

Thank you for your compliment!

Can you hurry up? I'm in a hurry to go offline and rest. Why are you wasting so much time on dragon breath?

“Dragon Spirit Life Purification!”

Energy surged as dragon blood boiled.

Accompanied by an unknown level of skill being used, the True Dragon's entire massive body was completely enveloped by energy. The Li Water Poison that existed within the dragon's body that was constantly corroding was completely evaporated by the dragon fire formed by the extremely active fire elements, turning into smoke and dissipating.

After eliminating the water poison, the energy would connect and heal the two wounds on the dragon's body. It would close, repair, and fuse…

Soon.

The True Dragon had returned.

He was back to normal.

"Is this the big boss?"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled sadly. "The regeneration power of a broken body is absolutely not something we mortals like us can understand. This fraudulent trial mission even summoned such an existence as a guardian boss. That's deliberately not letting the players clear it, isn't it? What a dog! He's simply playing me like a monkey. F*ck your grandpa."

"Do you have any last words?"

Swimming his body, the true dragon arrived above Qin Luo. Lowering its head, it looked down and saw that its entire body had gone limp and had lost all strength. Its unyielding eyes that were filled with fighting spirit were now dull, and it instantly felt a little upset.

"Hai, what a pity."

True Dragon still thought highly of such a young junior.

Unfortunately, one was a human, one was a dragon, one was the current overlord, and the other was a former overlord. They were naturally not on good terms.

Besides.

This was the supreme temple of the dragon race. He would never allow a mere human to taint it.

If the human race passed the supreme trial of the dragon race, the impact would be too great if this spread out. It would implicate many people, and it might trigger a war between races.

After all.

Be it humans or dragons, many of them had high positions, but their minds were stubborn and they were all racists.

The struggle between races was extremely cruel, bloody, and dark and ruthless. Corpses were strewn everywhere, and living beings were plunged into misery and suffering. In the ancient times, countless races had perished here.

No race wanted to see this conflict. It was better to kill it in the cradle.

"Come… then!"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart was like dead ashes as he opened his mouth with great difficulty. He only wished to die quickly, just for a quick death and release.

"I shall bestow upon you a magnificent funeral! This is the last thing I can do for you."

The True Dragon opened its mouth and spat out a mouthful of blood essence. An incantation appeared and energy surged. The mysterious Dragon Speech magic appeared—

"Forbidden Technique: Hundred Dragons Dance!"

"Ang”

"Ang”

"Ang”

"Ang”

"Ang”

In an instant.

The dragon's roar was earth-shattering.

"What is this?"

Under Qin Luo's shocked gaze, the Golden Dragon Carvings that he had initially thought were just decorations on the huge golden pillars were all revived at this moment, transforming into lifelike true dragons that roamed freely in the Dragon God Hall.

"A hundred dragons sending you off is the highest form of etiquette in the Dragon God Hall. You can go in peace!"

The True Dragon Chant controlled the hundred golden dragons to gather above Qin Luo.

* boom—*

Hundreds of dragons spat out dragon breath at the same time, converging into a huge energy pulse. It was shaped like a strengthened laser shockwave that brazenly blasted onto the ground where Qin Sheng was lying, producing a loud boom.

Ding… you are dead!

"Ding… Due to the effect of [Life Goddess's Blessing], you have been revived!"

Instant death.

Then, he revived.

Qin Luo was stunned.

F*ck!

He had actually forgotten about the Life Prayer.

If it were in the past, Qin Sheng would be very happy. Now, his resurrection had another use. It was just that he had to endure one more attack and one more torture.

"Such rich life force. You actually have a treasure for resurrection?"

After the attack, Bai Longfei returned to his golden pillar and coiled it up, returning to his original appearance. As for the True Dragon, it could not help but exclaim, "Unfortunately, it can't save your life.—Scorching Dragon Breath!"

"It's over, it's finally over!"

Qin Sheng closed his eyes as he watched the dragon breath of flames engulfing him from all directions.

“Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… Brat, are you going to give up just like that?”

Just as he was waiting for death, a feminine voice suddenly rang out in Qin Luo Sheng's mind.

“Who? Who are you?”

Qin Luo was shocked.

"Conquer the darkness and embrace death. I am—Death!"