Chapter 282: Power Of Breaking The Army, Breaking The Dragon Body

“I—I don’t think—I will lose!”

Qin Sheng, who was leaning against the dragon horn of the true dragon and holding the Coiling Dragon Water tightly, let out an unyielding cry. His undying fighting spirit soared into the sky.

“Really?”

Sensing Qin Sheng's will and conviction, the True Dragon's original actions stopped and allowed Qin Sheng to temporarily stand on its head. His voice, which was like a loud bell, could not help but sink a little. "You're really… heroic!"

"Hey, you're Fire Dragon, right?"

Qin Qin Sheng suddenly asked.

"That's right, I am a Fire Dragon!"

True Dragon replied.

"In that case, I might have found a way to win!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyelids twitched, but a smile appeared at the corner of his lips. "Everything in this world is mutually beneficial, especially the five elements. You are a fire dragon, and if I use water to attack, wouldn't I be countering you?"

"Oh? Do you know water attacks?"

The True Dragon replied doubtfully, “Could it be that at such a young age, you’re also a dual-cultivator?”

"No, I'm not!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and smiled weakly. "However, I have a treasure that can activate the water element."

"Then I shall broaden my horizons."

The True Dragon’s tone was emotionless, without any change in his heart. “Come, begin. I can feel that the strength of the True Dragon blood in your body is about to be exhausted. If you don’t hurry up, then you will become even weaker than you are now.”

"Alright, I'm coming!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and took out the Spiritual Water Pearl.

“Water Vein Impact!”

In an instant.

The torrent rolled and the water surged.

Borrowing the power of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, a surging flood gushed out and fell from the head of the True Dragon, washing over his massive body.

The attack range of 15x15 was clearly unable to envelop the True Dragon that was over a hundred meters long, but it could not be used vertically, but it could be used horizontally. Instantly, the True Dragon was drenched from head to toe.

Zizi ~

The collision of water and fire fused together, neutralizing and destroying each other, creating a sizzling sound.

At the same time, water vapor rose, and thick white smoke began to spread, rise, and accumulate. In the sky, clouds began to form.

“Water Spiritual Pearl?”

The True Dragon glanced at him in surprise. “I didn’t expect you to have so many treasures in your possession. First it was the Dragon Slaying Sword, then there was the blood sword that contained the soul of an army and an intense baleful aura, and now you’ve even taken out the Water Spirit Pearl… Looks like you’re not as simple as you think you are. Saint Child of the Immortal Holy Land? Prince of an ancient empire? Or the direct line descendant of a hidden sect?”

No, no, no.

Big boss.

I'm just an ordinary person. Please stop imagining things, okay?

"Fine. You're going to die under my hands anyway. Who you are is not important."

The True Dragon did not delve deeper into this matter. He shook his head slightly and said, "Alright, I've given you one last chance. This is a reward for your bravery. It's a pity that you're still too weak. Even with the Water Spirit's Pearl and the knowledge that water and fire counter each other, you can only reach this level. It's useless to me."

"Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed maniacally. "Useless? That's not necessarily true!—Li Water Essence, explode!"

Crash…

The terrifying Waterfall was released by Qin Luo. It flowed down from the head of the true dragon and covered most of its body.

Ordinary water had a very light texture and was extremely penetrative. However, it was far from water and had a very heavy quality. Its appearance was similar to mercury, but its corrosiveness was far beyond that of mercury.

This…

As soon as he came out and came into contact with the True Dragon, white smoke immediately rose again. This time, it was not the steam formed from the collision of water and fire, but from the intense corrosion.

"Zizi”

The dragon scales were tough, the dragon skin was tough and thick, but under the effect of Li Water, it was corroded into smoke, festering and even melting, it soon came into contact with the tender flesh inside.

"Ang…"

The scales melted and the skin tore through the flesh. Even a true dragon could not withstand such intense pain and let out a painful dragon roar.

"Brother, you like to teach me the truth. It's a pity that you don't know it when you're in the game."

When he saw that the water was effective, Qin Luo Sheng immediately laughed. "You must know that a lion uses all its strength to hunt a rabbit. Do you really think that I've relied on luck to charge all the way here and reach your level? I'm very weak, but I have quite a few things on me."

"When you flew out of the summoning array, I saw you as a fire dragon and started to bury you. Every time my [Coiling Dragon Water] attacks, it will inject [Water Water Water] into your body. Not only will it make your body heavier, it will also seep through the water and accumulate in your body."

"Now, with the explosion, the scales, skin, and flesh on your body have been corroded, and your internal organs, meridians, and blood vessels have suffered the same fate. How does it feel to be attacked from both sides?"

The True Dragon was enraged. "Weeping Soul, you deserve to die!"

"I'm sorry, I also know that scheming is not bright," Qin Luo said apologetically. "It's just that this trial is really too important. It concerns the path that I'm going to take in the future, so I must use all means to clear it.—Your will has only descended, and your body is not your actual body. It has no effect on you. If we have the chance to meet again in the future, you should naturally apologize."

“Hmph, do you think you can finish me off with just this Li Water?” The true dragon roared. “You know that this is a trial as well. Since that’s the case, I’ll kill you right now and you’ll fail your trial. Before the battle ends, no matter what you do, it’ll be useless.”

"No, no!" Qin Sheng shook his finger. "Li Water corrosion is only the first step. And this is my killer move."

[Coiling Dragon Water] retracted, [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] clenched tightly.

"Excuse me!"

With a leap, Qin Sheng leaped down from the head of the true dragon and slid down its back.

"Is this the place?"

Previously, he had resisted the burning of the flames and attacked his head violently, injecting it into the Li Water. The Li Water flowed down his blood vessels and left his head, ultimately converging on his internal organs.

"Looks like it! Tsk tsk, this corrosive ability is really strong!"

Glancing at the huge hole that was so deep that the flesh could be seen, the water poison was still taking effect. Even though Qin Sheng was the instigator, he could not help but feel a chill in his heart.

This thing was truly terrifying!

It had not been so exaggerated before, but after devouring the Li Water Monster Core and awakening the Li Water Essence, the Li Water's effect had increased to such an extent?

"This is the final gamble. [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], break!"

Qin Luo gripped the hilt of his sword tightly with both hands. His eyes shone with madness as he aimed at the dragon scales under his feet that had been damaged due to the intense corrosion. The dragon skin had been torn apart, the dragon flesh had burst open, and the dragon bones had melted away. The dragon bones were already stained with blood, and one could vaguely see the excellent meridians and internal organs of his body. He exerted all his strength and slashed down heavily.

Swoosh…

Like a hot knife through butter, he sliced through the tofu.

The blade of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] glowed with a blood-red light. The power of [Army Shattering Break] was activated, and it shifted from virtualization to real. The sharp blade easily broke through the true dragon's body without the defense of the dragon scales, dragon skin, dragon bones, and dragon bones.

"Ah…"

Corrosion on the surface, erosion on the inside.

How could a body that had already turned into a pile of rotten flesh withstand the power of breaking? Under Qin Sheng's wild roar, the edge of the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] brazenly drew a circle around the dragon's body.

Bang…

There was a soft sound.

The True Dragon's body was broken!