Chapter 287: The Endless Trial

Ding… [Coiling Dragon Water] has successfully absorbed [True Dragon's Soul Essence (Fire)]. [Coiling Dragon Water] has evolved! '

Nothing earth-shattering happened. In the blink of an eye, the [True Dragon's Soul (Fire)] was absorbed by the [Coiling Dragon Water].

In an instant.

Originally, the azure blue color was flowing with water. It was moist and lustrous. Furthermore, there was the sword edge of a swimming dragon within it. Now, it had turned red and blue. Its aura had also changed drastically. It was as soft as water and as violent as fire.

At the same time, there was no longer a simple azure dragon pattern on the edge of the sword. There was also a fiery red dragon pattern that stood side by side with it.

NICE!

Qin Sheng could not contain his joy when he saw that the Coiling Dragon Liquid had undergone a complete transformation, both inside and outside.

The previously pure water attribute [Coiling Dragon Li Water] was cold, noble, and sharp. Now, it was fiery and passionate. It broke the so-called rules of fire and water incompatibility since ancient times and became a divine weapon that coexisted with fire and water.

"As expected of a legendary energy source, as expected of a true dragon's dragon source. Let me see how strong the evolved [Coiling Dragon Water] is!"

[Coiling Dragon Water]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 80 / 80

Effect: Attack + 2800, Strength + 180

Special Effect: [Dragon Soul] Coiling Dragon has a living dragon soul resting in the water. When attacking, there is a certain chance of triggering the remaining dragon's might in the dragon soul. It will shock the enemy and cause a Stun effect for at least 5 seconds. The Snake Race's effect will be doubled. Immunity above the True Dragon! (The same target can only be effective once)

Special Effect: [Water Parting] Coiling Dragon Parting Water contains the power of Water Parting. Physical attacks can be transformed into water-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to inflict Water Parting Damage on the target, reducing their resistance to water-type attacks to a certain extent. This will cause the target to be eaten by the Water Parting Water. The body will become heavier and the recovery effect will be weakened (can be increased continuously)!

Special Effect: [Dragon Fire] Coiling Dragon Water contains the fire of a real dragon. Physical attacks can be changed to fire-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to burn the target with dragon fire, reducing a certain amount of fire-type resistance, and forcefully burning 3,000 health points!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Soul Impact] consumes 5,000 Mana. Activates the dragon soul from the Coiling Dragon Water. Attacks energy in a straight line 20 meters ahead, dealing 1000% damage. There is a chance of crippling, intimidating, and fearful. Cooldown: 12 hours!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] consumes 10,000 Mana Points. Activates the Water Fire Dragon Soul from the Coiling Dragon Water. Activates the Water and Fire Fusion Forbidden Spell. Explode within a 50 * 50 radius area, causing 500% basic damage. At the same time, there is an additional 5,000 points of Scorching Flames per second and 5,000 points of Cold Freeze Damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 7 days!

Endowment: [Ascending Dragon Slaying] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. It has a + 500% damage to dragons, + 1000% damage to serpents, reduces 20% of the abilities of the scaled warriors in the world, and has an additional effect of Dragon Slaying. 30% chance of killing in one strike!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It's said to be the weapon of a Heavenly God. It uses Li Water, one of the top ten mystical waters as its main energy source. Sealed inside is the soul of a True Dragon, hence its name, Coiling Dragon Li Water.

[Current Status: Energy Incomplete]

Qin Qinsheng: "o (((⊙ ⊙ ﾟ) o???"

To directly evolve from Epic to Legendary?

Attack increased from 700 to 400 to 2,800. Strength increased from 60 to 180?

A level actually had such a ridiculous increase?

Unbelievable!

Other than the strengthening of his basic attributes, the other special effects and additional skills were also drastically changed.

First, it was [Dragon Soul]. The initial three seconds of stun had increased to five seconds, almost doubling.

There was another [Dragonfire]. Its effect was similar to [Water Parting], but the elements were different. The focus was also different. It was different from [Water Parting] 's control. [Dragonfire] displayed the violent destructive power of fire and gave fixed fire damage of 3,000 points!

This was too savage!

It should be known that at this stage, other than the two melee fighters, Guardian and Berserker, 99% of the other jobs' health points would not exceed 3,000 points.

In other words.

Even if the [Dragon Fire] effect was on a newbie wooden sword, even if the player holding it only had 1 Attack point, as long as the attack hit, the effect of [Dragon Fire] would be triggered, and the player would be able to deal 3000 fixed damage, instantly killing all the weaklings.

He was simply invincible!!!

Then, there was an additional skill—

[Dragon Soul Strike]: Distance X2, Damage X2, Cooldown / 2, Explosive Level Strengthening.

It was clear at a glance.

Qin Luo Sheng had nothing much to say. His gaze was focused on the additional skill.

Hex.

It was also a double elemental forbidden spell of water and fire.

"Isn't this too terrifying?"

Back then, it was just a beginner-level forbidden spell. After the miraculous ascension of Starlight, it had wiped out tens of thousands of people in the Beginner's Village. Until now, there were still many who had not walked out. The psychological trauma had accompanied them for a lifetime.

The Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance was terrifying and strange. It couldn’t compare to the Myriad Viper Shadow Formation, but in terms of destructive power and range, it was ten blocks away.

Besides.

The most important thing was that the Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance was a supplementary skill. It wasn't like the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array that was sealed on a scroll. It was just a consumable item that would be gone after being used.

The cooldown period of seven days was long enough, but this was a forbidden spell. Not only could it destroy the world, but it could also destroy cities and villages, right?

Such a godly technique did not have any other negative effects. It only had a longer cooldown time, which was already impressive enough. What else could he be unhappy about?

At least, Qin Sheng would not have it. He was very satisfied!

"Huh? That's not right. What time is it? Why hasn't the Dragon King come to pick me up from the Dragon Emperor and the elders on the Dragon Island?"

After putting away the [Coiling Dragon Li Water], Qin Sheng took a look at the magnificent Dragon God Palace, which did not seem to be affected by the repeated battles. He was somewhat dumbfounded. "There are less than ten minutes left before the agreed five-hour trial time. Aren't they afraid that the dragon egg will hatch? Or perhaps, I've already passed the trial and no longer care about me, allowing the dragon egg to hatch?"

‘ No.’

Something was wrong.

There was another possibility.

“Seriously?”

Qin Luo Sheng violently swallowed his saliva, somewhat doubting himself. "It can't be that the trial hasn't ended, right? That's impossible! I'm just a f*cking Rank one vegetable. With my strength as the standard trial, even if it's a SSS difficulty, it shouldn't be so ridiculous, right?"

"Nine is the highest number. A True Dragon presiding over the Ninth Trial is very reasonable, right? What's the strength of a True Dragon? That's a true legendary strength, and it's even Level 30!"

"What does Level 30 mean? It means that I can already be a Second Stage Professional! The difference between a Second Stage Professional and a First Stage Professional is like the difference between heaven and earth. This difficulty is already high enough, right? If the trial is not over yet, then what's next? Mythical Boss? Third Stage Professional Level 50 Boss? Stop joking."

Although he was unwilling to believe it, Qin Sheng could not deceive himself.

It was impossible to pass the trial without making a sound.

Even if there was no movement from the dragon race, the system should have made a sound. At the very least, the SSS level trial mission [Dragon race's test] in the mission board would be slightly changed, right?

Yet.

No.

Nothing had changed.

This proved that the trial had not ended!