Chapter 299: Three Invitations From The Dragon Abyss, Secret Of The Terrifying Dragon Platform

"— I, Long Yuan, the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, request to activate the Terrifying Dragon Platform in the name of the Dragon King!”

Long Yuan's voice echoed throughout the Dragon Palace Hall.

"Long Yuan, stop being stubborn. Quickly apologize to Dragon Emperor and… Dragon Lord."

"That's right, Long Yuan. Since the Dragon Lord has already been acknowledged by the Dragon God, we're all family. There's no hurdle that we can't cross."

"Long Yuan, we haven't seen each other for thousands of years. Are we going to leave just like that? You should know what kind of place the Terrifying Dragon Platform is. Think about it carefully!!”

"Black Dragon King, don't let your emotions affect your decisions. Think more about your Black Dragon Clan, think about your clansmen, your young son."

"…"

All the dragons also joined in to dissuade him.

However—

"I, Long Yuan, the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, in the name of the Dragon King, would like to open the Terrifying Dragon Platform three times!”

Long Yuan screamed.

Right now, he had steeled his heart. He did not care about the kind words spoken by Qin Luo Sheng, nor did his eyes, which were filled with killing intent, leave Qin Sheng for even a moment.

For the first time, the Dragon Monarch advised against it.

The second time, the dragons tried to dissuade him.

The third time was a foregone conclusion. Even the Dragon Monarch was powerless to change the rules.

"Which one!"

At this moment, Qin Sheng, who had become an outsider, raised his hand and asked weakly, "Excuse me, what is the Terrifying Dragon Platform?"

"The Terrifying Dragon Platform was set up by the first Dragon Emperor in the name of the Dragon God. It is the most sacred place in our Dragon Clan apart from the Dragon God Hall."

The Dragon Monarch explained with a stern voice, "Everything will disappear there. There will be no difference in status, race, or bloodline. There will only be… strength!"

"In other words, on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, strength is everything. It's the arena of life and death. The victor lives while the loser dies. The victor has everything of the loser, including family, family, property, and so on."

Qin Luo's blood ran cold.

What the heck was this?

Wasn't this too cruel?

Once he lost, not only would he lose his life, but he would also lose everything he had?

Indeed.

Compared to the human race, the other races’ beast natures were even more barbaric and unacceptable. It was simply against morals and ethics.

Still.

This was understandable.

The law of the jungle had always been like this. It had never changed since ancient times.

Because the consciousness of the human race was constantly broadening, the laws were constantly being developed, and the willpower of the human race was constantly awakening… only then would the human race continue to advance and improve. They would go from cruel and bloody slavery to feudalism, from decaying feudalism to human rights, then to the rule of law and the rule of law…

Advancing with the times, constantly learning and growing infinitely.

This was the main reason why the Human race was able to stand tall between the Heaven and Earth and become the overlord of the Heaven and Earth.

For the dragons, who had been passed down for too long and had a long lifespan, the stubborn old men were still alive. Their identity and status determined the direction of the race's will, leading to the decaying and backward thoughts of the younger generation. And the juniors who had the same mentality as them would continue to teach the new generation, and so on, and talk about progress?

Hence.

The so-called morality and human relations did not exist in the dragon race. Talking to them about these was no different from playing the lute to a cow.

“What? Brat, you don’t dare?”

Seeing that Qin Luo had yet to answer after a long time, Long Yuan mocked, "Where's your courage to steal my Dragon Clan's supreme treasure? Where's your determination to challenge the Dragon God's trial? Where's your confidence and ease from before?—Are you afraid?"

"What a clumsy provocation!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at Long Yuan expressionlessly and smiled disdainfully.

What a joke.

Do you really think I'm an idiot?

How could such a retarded provocation work?

“Your Majesty Dragon Monarch, may I know what the rules of this Dragon Shocking Stage are?”

The Dragon Monarch was no longer looking at Long Yuan. Instead, he turned to the Dragon Monarch for guidance.

"There are no rules on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. The victor is king."

The Dragon Monarch shook his head and explained once again, “As long as you enter the Terrifying Dragon Arena and no longer go against the will of the Dragon God or rebel against the Dragon Clan, you can use all means and no restrictions.”

“No, I mean, can I say no?”

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless. He did not know if the Dragon Emperor was doing this on purpose or if he did not understand what he meant. In any case, he was not afraid of losing face, so he decided to just cut to the chase.

"Brat, are you going to refuse to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform? Are you that gutless?"

Long Yuan mocked, not forgetting to use his clumsy provocation.

"You're a sinner of the dragon race. Watch your words."

Qin Luo Sheng looked disdainfully at Long Yuan, who was shackled, and snorted. "I'm the Dragon Lord now. My status is equivalent to the Dragon Emperor. Insulting me is equivalent to insulting the Dragon Emperor, the entire dragon race, and even the Dragon God. Don't speak nonsense. Otherwise, you'll be easily beaten to death."

Long Yuan: (f*ck.)

All Dragons: (∞)

"You don't have guts? You're really an idiot!"

Since you are so impolite, there is no need for me to show mercy.

It seemed like he had just spoken nicely to give face to the Dragon Emperor and apologized. He had given them face, hadn't he? He had made them have the misconception that the person who had scolded them at the start wasn't him, right?

"What kind of strength do you have? What kind of strength do I have? How dare you challenge me and challenge me on the Terrifying Dragon Platform?"

Qin Luo Sheng went all out. "You're really awesome. You have quite a lot of ideas. Not only can you get revenge and get out of your crimes through the Terrifying Dragon Platform, you can also borrow my treasures to get the [Dragon God's Command], the Dragon God's legacy treasures, and the rewards given to me by the Dragon God. You've killed three birds with one stone. Impressive, impressive."

"I'm sorry, I was wrong. I shouldn't have treated you as a brainless fool. You're not bad to be able to come up with such a plan. I have faith in you."

Long Yuan was stunned.

All of the dragons also came to their senses, and they looked at Long Yuan with peculiar expressions.

‘ Sure.’

I really thought that you were an honest dragon with thick eyebrows and big eyes. I didn't expect you to be so scheming. To think that I would plead on your behalf. F*ck, I've been fed to a dog.

“Bastard! This King is the King of the Black Dragon Clan! How could I possibly be this despicable?!”

Long Yuan's face instantly flushed red. "You coward, you're as timid as a mouse. It's fine if you don't dare, but you're still deluding yourself into thinking of mixing food and hearing, slandering me and avoiding the topic. Bah…"

"You know very well whether it's slander or not."

Qin Luo Sheng said expressionlessly, "However, I'm not avoiding the topic. I've always been on the main topic here. Heh heh, you said that I have to go up the Terrifying Dragon Platform? Who do you think you are? Black Dragon King? Oh, what a big show. I'm so freaking scared!"

He came, he came again.

A familiar tone, a familiar tone…

It sounded really cool to hear that the gun had no effect on him!

All of the dragons were instantly entranced!

"Then come at me if you dare!"

Long Yuan roared.

"Come? What are you here for? The Terrifying Dragon Platform?”

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand in disdain and said righteously, "I refuse!"

Long Yuan: (f*ck.)