Chapter 295: Ambush

Dragon Palace Hall.

Qin Luo Sheng stood before the magnificent palace expressionlessly.

However, he was not happy at all. Instead, his mood was extremely heavy.

I didn’t have to think.

Within the Dragon Palace Hall, it was definitely the group of big shots from before. Not a single one was missing.

This was a Hongmen Banquet!

Perhaps, even they would not have thought that a mere human like me could actually complete the Dragon God Trial. In the countless years of the Dragon Clan, there was not a single person who could complete the supreme trial.

Stunned?

Shock?

Dumbfounded?

Unfortunately.

Facts are facts. There is no excuse or reason to twist them.

"Now that I've passed the trial of the Dragon God, hatched the dragon egg left behind by the Dragon God, obtained the blood of the Dragon God, and evolved my own bloodline, as well as the [Imperial Order of the Dragon God] given by the Dragon God, my status is equal to that of the Dragon Emperor. If I come to find trouble at this time, wouldn't I be living in a dream?"

Qin Luo Sheng stared at the tightly shut doors of the Dragon Palace Hall and sneered. "I was trembling with fear when I came here previously, as if I was treading on thin ice. You high ranking members of the Dragon Clan might never have dreamed that five hours later, the status between you and me would already be turned upside down."

"Even if I, as the Dragon Lord, don't have any real power, my honor and status are not inferior at all. If you disrespect me like just now, it will be equivalent to a great crime. If you speak arrogantly, it will be considered a crime. If you have any more killing intent, it will be considered a crime. This will be great. A great crime will be sent to prison, and if you rebel, you will be sentenced to death."

Tsk!

Unknowingly.

Have I become a big shot of the dragon race?

Apart from the Dragon Emperor, who else on the entire Dragon Island would dare to bare their teeth at me?

Well.

I can’t swell.

Qin Luo Sheng knew very well that perhaps the existence of the Dragon God Command could allow him to ascend to the heavens.

But in the end, this was just a fox exploiting the tiger's might and using the Dragon God's prestige to do things. The Dragon Island was not afraid of him, Qin Sheng, but the Dragon God. They respected the Dragon God too.

In the world of destiny, strength was still important!

One could only borrow power for a moment, not for a lifetime.

Besides.

Since when had Qin Luo become someone else's henchman? Did he need to rely on others for support?

"Just you wait!"

Qin Luo swore to himself. "One day, I will use my own abilities to conquer the entire Dragon Island. At that time, I want to see you arrogant and unruly dragons prostrate before me. It's not because of the Dragon God Imperial Order, but because of my reputation and strength."

Still.

Before that, there was still a long way to go.

Today.

It was the first step he took.

"We'll know immediately whether it's a Hongmen Banquet or a celebratory feast."

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng pushed open the door of the Dragon Palace Hall.

In an instant.

All sorts of meaningful glances were shot over.

Qin Luo Sheng froze.

It was a little uncomfortable.

But it was only discomfort.

Unlike five hours ago when he had yet to enter the Dragon God Hall for the trial, he was not in such a sorry state.

“Truly a group of stubborn old fellows. Do they still want to display their strength?”

Qin Qin Sheng sneered to himself.

Some things might work forever, but some things could only work for the first time.

Just like now.

After evolving his bloodline through the blood of the Dragon God and successfully hatching the mysterious dragon egg, he was completely bound to the creature inside the dragon egg, making him a pet.

Coupled with the abnormal trial in the Dragon God Hall, regardless of whether it was physical strength or spirit, he had undergone crazy tempering. Qin Sheng was no longer the him from five hours ago.

For example, the bloodline that dragons valued the most.

Even if the Dragon Palace Hall was full of pure-blooded dragons, and even the best of the pure-blooded dragons—

The clan elders who had lived for who knew how many tens of thousands of years were the dragon kings of various clans below the Dragon Emperor and above the ten thousand dragons, as well as the powerful dragon clan elders…

None of them were necessarily purer and more advanced than Qin Luo's Dragon's blood.

The pure blood of the mysterious dragon egg fused with the Dragon God's blood. Even though Qin Luo was a human and his body was mainly made up of human blood, the quality was definitely far inferior.

Now.

The only thing that could suppress Qin Sheng and make him feel uncomfortable was the suppression of strength. Bloodlines did not exist.

"Hello everyone!"

Qin Luo greeted him lightly, completely abandoning the apprehension and fear he had felt the last time he was here. It was as if he had returned home, casual.

“Hmph, frivolous and impetuous, without respect for your seniors, without any bearing at all, with a mischievous appearance, simply bringing shame to your Human Emperor.”

A white-bearded elder of the dragon clan saw this and suddenly chopped his walking stick. He opened his mouth and spat out. His anger and dissatisfaction made him want to kick Qin Sheng out immediately, afraid that he would taint the Dragon Palace Hall.

“I say, this old man whose hair and beard are all white beyond recognition, if he’s old and muddled, then he should stay at home and recuperate. If he has nothing to do, then he should sit on a rocking chair and bask in the sun, drink some tea, and enjoy his grandchildren. Isn’t that nice? Why did he come here to meddle in the secular world’s affairs? Why is he looking for trouble?”

Things were different now.

With the Dragon God Command, Qin Sheng would no longer be a weakling.

Insult me?

You probably haven't seen how scary I was at my peak!

Did he really think that his previous life's Zuan zither master, peak key emperor, and other titles were for nothing?

Don't think that you're impressive just because you're old.

When it came to slandering, Qin Luo alone could fight all of you.

"How dare you!"

"How rude!"

"Insolent!"

“Human brat, you’re courting death!”

“You dare insult my clan’s elders? This king will swallow you!”

"…"

Instantly.

Everyone was excited.

Qin Qin Sheng's words were like poking a hornet's nest, causing the entire Dragon Palace Hall to boil over.

"This is the so-called dragon race? It looks no different from other races!"

A mighty aura swept over.

Qin Luo Sheng resisted it expressionlessly. Then, he looked on expressionlessly at the dragons that had suddenly turned from hostile and unfriendly to full of killing intent and rage. There was no joy nor sorrow in his expression.

A proud dragon?

Haha!

That was it.

She jumped up and down without any self-restraint. She despised him in her heart, was short-sighted, and was not the least bit shrewd…

From the Ancient Era until now, in such a long period of time, the Ancient Era’s War Clan had not been exterminated. Power was truly something good.

He wondered if the Dragon God, who was as wise as the sea and had great foresight, would not be able to resist showing his spirit to the world and hang them up to give them a good beating when he saw their reckless appearance.

"Weeping Soul Beast, this is the Dragon Island of the Dragon Race, the Dragon Palace Hall of the Dragon Race. Right now, you're facing the elders of the Dragon Race, and even I have to show some respect. You actually dare to speak such arrogant words?"

The Dragon Emperor was also a little angry. No matter what race it was, an old man should be respected. Even if he was the ruler of the Dragon Emperor, he would not dare to act rashly.

"Even if you're not a member of the Dragon race and don't need to abide by the creeds of the Dragon race, at the very least, as a human, you should abide by the rules that you should abide by in the territory of the Dragon race. You should be considerate."

“Take a step back and say that you don’t care about all of this. I won’t make a fuss about it in front of the Human Emperor. But at the very least, you should respect your elders! Don’t you feel ashamed to use such harsh words against an old man?—Quickly apologize to the clan elders!”