Chapter 294: Summoning By The Dragon Emperor

Was this the evolution of bloodlines?

The effect of Dragon's Blood Burnt increased greatly, and all the effects increased by 100%. At the same time, there was an additional "Pain Block Amusement", and the duration changed from 10 minutes to half an hour. This was simply soaring!!!

Increases the user’s strength, weakens the user’s pain, and causes the user to be unable to block the enemy’s pain. At the same time, the user could suck blood and recover stamina at the same time. What else was there to say about this skill? Even if it had a negative demented effect and weakened the user, the advantages were still greater than the disadvantages.

There was nothing to say.

Just like Dragon Might, it was undoubtedly a divine skill.

Finally—

[True Dragon Transformation] could only be awakened if one had the blood of a true dragon in one's body. It could only be activated when the blood boiled and the blood of a true dragon raged. Duration:???? Cooldown:???

Qin Sheng:…

As usual, question marks filled his body.

Other than the 'Pseudo' character being removed and the additional conditions for activation, everything else remained the same.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng believed that both Dragon's Might and Dragon's Blood were greatly amplified by the three skills bestowed by Dragon's Blood. As the trump card of the True Dragon Transformation, the amplification would definitely not be weak.

Previously, he was still confused and did not know what to do. Now that he knew the activation conditions, he would definitely have a chance in the future. He would definitely be able to experience the power of this skill. There was no need to rush.

He closed the skill column.

Qin Luo Sheng shifted his gaze to the remaining two bottles of [Blood of the Dragon God] once more. He was eager to try another bottle, but discovered that the words seemed to have changed.

[Blood of the Dragon God]

Type: Blood

Grade:???

Effect: Consumption (Instant Recovery Health Points: 10W, Mana Points: 10W), Weapon Forging, Pill Forging, etc.

Introduction: The blood of the Dragon God contains extremely strong energy and unknown abilities. It is said that after consuming it, one can obtain the power of the Dragon God. It can also evolve the bloodline and enhance one's body! (Note: Without the dragon race's bloodline in the body, one will be repelled by the blood of the Dragon God. The dragon race with too weak a bloodline will not be able to withstand the power and explode to death.)

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Holy shit!

What kind of immortal effect was this?

Instantaneous 100,000 Health Points and Mana Points?

I threw up.

"Unfortunately, each person can only drink a bottle. It can only take effect once and evolve once."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and gently placed the remaining two bottles of [Blood of the Dragon God] into his backpack.

This thing was a big treasure. If it wasn't for the fact that it was ineffective later on, he would definitely drink three bottles in one go without leaving a single drop.

"Sigh! I can only leave it for later to see if there's a suitable candidate for him. It can also be used to refine weapons or refine pills. The blood of a god will definitely have extraordinary effects."

Qin Luo returned the Dragon God's Blood and took out the Dragon God Scales.

[Dragon God's Scale]

Type: Dragon Scale

Grade:???

Effect: Weapon Forging

Introduction: The Dragon God's dragon scales are contaminated with the Dragon God's aura and some divine power. It has extraordinary and unfathomable effects. Its defense is extremely strong. It can export energy and activate dragon blood. It can be used directly and can also be used to refine weapons. It is a rare divine-rank material.

The Dragon God’s Scales, on the other hand, were quite ordinary and not as fancy as the Dragon God’s blood.

“Keep it well, keep it well. This is a freaking divine rank material!”

Qin Luo Sheng felt very comfortable looking at a scale that was about ten meters long.

Dragons were known for their physical bodies. Among the high defense of the young ruffians, a lot of the credit came from the dragon scales. The dragon scales of the Dragon God, needless to say, far surpassed the scales of ordinary dragons.

Unfortunately.

The dragon scales of the Dragon God were also not something that ordinary people could handle. Now, they could only put them in their backpacks and eat the ashes. They looked forward to raising the art of refining as soon as possible and using it to forge the Dragon Scale Treasure Armor!

Still.

It could also be used as a consumable. However, Qin Sheng would not waste such a precious item unless it was absolutely necessary.

Bang! Bang!

After putting the Dragon God Scale into his backpack, Qin Sheng was about to check his last trophy when there was a knock on the door.

Creak…

Before Qin Sheng could open his mouth, the door was pushed open. A tall, long-haired half-dragon lady with a dragon tail walked in with a teapot.

"Ah, Young Master, you're awake?"

As if she did not expect Qin Luo Sheng to have woken up, the female servant who was dressed up as a half-dragon called out in surprise. She hurriedly put down the tea tray in the water and ran over with small steps. She gently helped him up and carefully straightened the pillow, placing it in her backpack before letting him lean down.

“This is? You are?”

Qin Sheng, who had the face of an angel and the figure of a supermodel, who was dressed in a maid's uniform and was enticed by a strange beast, had never encountered such a situation before, almost exploded.

Especially since this maid outfit was not the real world type but the cool type. She did not need to look carefully to see the roundness of her voluptuous figure. Her snow-white figure was so dazzling that it made one's eyes blur. In addition, she had a special fragrance and gentle and delicate hands…

AWSL!

Qin Luo Sheng's face and ears turned red as if he was about to burn up. His heartbeat intensified as the blood in his body flowed faster. His nose was dry and astringent, as if something was about to flow out.

It was too exciting!

How the f*ck could this little virgin stand it?

"This is His Majesty the Dragon Emperor's chamber. I'm His Majesty the Dragon Emperor's maidservant, Damask!"

The Imperial Sister replied gently.

"Why am I here?"

In the end, he was still a loser. Qin Luo quickly forgot that he had a natural beauty like the Damask King by his side. His rationality returned and his mind started to work.

"I don't know either."

The Damask King shook his head and fetched a cup of water. "His Majesty, the Dragon Emperor, brought you back to the bedroom and instructed me to take good care of you. I don't know anything else."

"Could it be that the Dragon God took special care of me and asked me to return to the Dragon God Hall after I cleared the trial so that the Dragon Monarch could bring me back?"

Qin Luo pondered as he drank all the water in the cup under the Damask King's care.

Ding… you have drunk a cup of spirit spring water. Health Points permanently + 100, Mana Points permanently + 100. You have received spirit spring special effect: Health Points recovery speed + 20%, Mana Recovery speed + 20%, lasts for 5 minutes! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "???”

His wandering thoughts were instantly pulled back by the system notification.

He opened the log.

He looked at the system notification and confirmed that he was not hallucinating.

Then—

Σ (° Д °;) Σ!

What the hell was that?

A glass of water.

So awesome?

"Quick, another cup."

Qin Luo looked at the Damask King thirstily. His scorching gaze gave the girl a fright. She blushed and hurriedly poured another cup.

He gulped it down again.

"No effect? D * mn, I'm happy for nothing. I thought I could drink unlimitedly."

After waiting for a while and seeing no results, Qin Sheng was instantly unhappy.

Damn it!

Wasn't it a waste of expression?

"Young Master, His Majesty the Dragon God has instructed that if you wake up, please make a trip to the Dragon Palace Hall. What do you think?"

At first, he was expressionless. Then, he looked like a pig. Then, his eyes burned with passion, as if he wanted to see through her. Now, he had a poker face.

The Face-Changing Master had finally succeeded in making the Damask King, who looked like a mature older sister on the outside but was actually a loli on the inside, classify him as a 'pervert'.

“The Dragon Monarch?”

Qin Luo Sheng pondered for a few seconds. "Alright, then please lead the way!"

…

Author’s Note: 4am, the liver has already exploded. Please accept a wave of subscriptions and recommendations.—Also, is anyone still reading the book? The comments section is so quiet that it makes one’s head hurt.