Chapter 290: The End

"Is that so? Then die!"

The Dragon God glanced at Qin Luo indifferently as his dragon's might increased once again.

"Bang…"

This time.

Qin Luo Sheng finally could not take it anymore.

His body exploded inch by inch. The indescribable intense pain stimulated him crazily, causing blood to flow into his eyes. He was drenched in cold sweat, the veins on his forehead were bulging, and his eyes were bloodshot…

Logically speaking, Qin Sheng should have bled to death long ago, not to mention such a serious injury. However, not only did he not die, he did not even lose consciousness. Instead, he was extremely clear-headed, as if the nerves of pain had evolved as well. He was even more sensitive than before. In other words, the pain he was suffering right now was even stronger than normal.

"I'll give you one more chance!"

As the Dragon God displayed his ultimate dragon might, he opened his mouth and said, "Kneel down now and beg for mercy from this god. In the name of the Dragon God, this god swears that I will bestow upon you the power of the dragon, give you this dragon egg, and pass down the Imperial Order of the Dragon God to you. Your status is equal to the Dragon Emperor."

Really?

Then I really have to thank you!

Such a generous reward made him envious!

Except.

All of this was built on the premise of kneeling and begging for mercy.

Sorry about that.

He did not have many merits, but his bones were tougher and his knees were tougher. He could not kneel down.

Even if.

You are the so-called—God!

“Scram!”

Qin Sheng, who was only left with one head, raised his head with great effort and let out his final unyielding roar when he saw the Dragon God looking down at him.

At the next moment!

The head exploded.

Under the cruelest torture, Qin Sheng did not even have a corpse left.

"What a tough nut to crack!"

The Dragon God looked at the place where there was no trace but only a large area of blood sacrifice, and with a complicated look in his eyes, he said, "As usual!"

"The power of time!"

With a command.

The power of gods erupted.

In an instant.

The stars shifted, time flowed back.

Qin Sheng, who had been overwhelmed by the might of the dragon and did not even have a single bone left on his body, was shrouded by a mysterious glow. One could vaguely see that the starry sky was spinning in a counterclockwise direction.

Soon.

Qin Sheng was born bit by bit in a place that should be empty.

First the head.

Then the neck.

Then the chest.

And finally the lower half.

This sequence was the reverse sequence of Qin Luosheng's body exploding.

Time had really been reversed. Bit by bit, it was reversed.

Not long after.

Qin Luo Sheng had returned to his original state. It was the same state he had been in when he first stepped into this place, and not the appearance of his body being crushed by the dragon's might. If not for the large pool of blood on the ground where he was lying, he would have thought that nothing had happened. The test just now was merely an illusion.

"The dragon race is proud and disdainful of mediocre people."

The Dragon God sighed. "You are even more arrogant than the Dragon Race. You have such an indomitable and unyielding character that even gods will not yield to. You also possess the power of the Death God (Death God's Embrace), the Life Goddess (Life Prayer), the Devil God (Demon Wheel of Fear), and you can traverse the Underworld, the God Realm, and the Devil Realm. You are also the ruler of the stars, the ruler of the stars, and even more so…"

"Eighteen years old. You have only just passed the coronation ceremony, but you have already grown to such an extent. I'm increasingly convinced of the prophecy left behind by the Ancestral Dragon. Perhaps, in the future, our dragon race will have to rely on you to protect ourselves. Since that's the case, it was fate's arrangement to meet you and acknowledge you as its master. I, Long Yin, will naturally abide by the Ancestral Dragon's will."

He exhaled lightly.

Under the dragon aura of the Dragon God, the floating mysterious dragon egg obtained an extremely strong life force and dragon power. With the support of this terrifying energy, the eggshell instantly shattered and the creature inside hatched.

"Wu ~ ~ ~"

"Wu ~ ~ ~"

"Wu ~ ~ ~"

A small, meaty dragon that had lost its way crawled out and let out a cute voice. Without even looking at the Dragon God who had helped "Him" to be born, it turned into a stream of light and flew to the side of Qin Sheng, who had fallen asleep long ago, and entered his body.

…

Upon waking up, Qin Luo opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling. His consciousness was still in a state of chaos, and his eyes were hazy.

After sorting out his thoughts, he came back to his senses.

"Is it already at this time?"

He took the phone beside him and looked at it. He realized that an entire day had passed.

He moved a little. His body was fine, but his brain was still in pain.

This was undoubtedly the aftereffects of overusing the brain or being stimulated.

"Failed? Sigh, what a pity!"

Lying on the bed in the shape of a '大' character, Qin Sheng's eyes were listless. When he thought back to yesterday, no, to be exact, the day before, he could not muster up any energy.

Four days had passed since the beginning of the journey to the Cliff Ridge. The Mountain Giant blew it up, and due to the resurrection ability of the [Life Suppliant], it safely fell to the bottom of the Cliff Ridge and accidentally entered the altar set up by the dragons to steal the mysterious dragon egg.

Then…

In the past three days, he had been hunted by the Dragon Race and stirred up a storm in the city, causing chaos in the Chinese war zone.

After much scheming, she finally thought that the director had succeeded. Even if she could not have the mysterious dragon egg, she had at least gotten a chance to have it openly.

Who knew?

The Dragon God had always thought that he was in control of the entire situation, but in reality, he had always acted according to his wishes. He was just a pawn.

After participating in the Dragon race's supreme trial, he had suffered all the way. He had sweated a lot, killed a lot of brain cells, fought hard, and tried his best to circle around. He had killed one enemy after another. Even his soul had nearly been tricked by the Death God. Finally, he persevered until the last moment and killed a True Dragon.

Unexpectedly.

The Legendary Boss' True Dragon was only a minion. Killing him was useless. In the end, it still fell into the hands of the Dragon God who was behind the scenes.

After all, man proposes but god disposes!

Was it really a fantasy for mortals to try and pry into the realm of gods?

"I really… can't accept this!"

Qin Luo Sheng bit his lips, and the salty blood flowed into his mouth. The piercing pain traveled to his brain, and he laid there motionlessly. His eyes were lifeless, as if he was a soulless shell.

Logically speaking.

The mysterious dragon egg belonged to the dragon race, so it was normal for it to return to its rightful owner.

Qin Luo Sheng had indeed failed.

Yet.

In the trial, he had gone from level 20 to level 27. In just five hours, he had not only leveled up to level 7, but he had also obtained countless crystal coins. He had even obtained the Earth Dragon's [Pure Dragon Source] Seal Breaking Fusion Scroll, the legendary skill [Holy Flame], the fusion skill of the four super skills, as well as two big prizes, [Water Venomous Snake's Core Qi] and [Flood Dragon's Scale]. In addition, he had also upgraded [Coiling Dragon Water] to the legendary level [True Dragon's Soul (Fire)], as well as the gifted Master of the Stars, to level up once again.

He had already earned a lot from this trial, alright?

But Qin Sheng was not satisfied with this outcome.

He had profited, but he had also lost.

The taste of failure was truly unbearable.