Chapter 296: I, Crazy Zuan, Apply To Fight

"Hurry up and apologize to the elders!"

Seeing that the situation was a little out of control, as if his clansmen were going to gang up and attack him in the next moment, especially the Fire Dragon King who was beside the humiliated clan elder, his whole body was burning with anger, and his eyes revealed a fierce light. The Dragon Emperor immediately stood out.

Damn it.

If a huge battle were to break out in the Dragon Palace Hall, and it was even the higher-ups of the dragon race targeting a puny human, wouldn't people laugh their heads off if news of this got out?

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng was the future of the Human Race, an existence valued by the Human Ruler. If he were to fail in the trial, the Human Race and the Human Ruler would have nothing to say. However, if he were to be killed in the Dragon Palace Hall, it would truly be a complete evil against the Human Race.

Perhaps because the consequences were too severe, the human race would try their best to restrain themselves and not start a war between races, but being targeted by the current overlords of the world was not a good thing.

The dragon race had been growing weaker to begin with. The fact that they could still maintain their current state was already a blessing from their ancestors.

The human race had always minded their own business with the dragon race. They even had a good impression of the dragon race because of the Dragon Knights and Dragonblood Warriors.

The Dragon Emperor did not want to destroy such a tacit alliance because of Qin Sheng. This was a great plan for the continuation of the race!

Besides.

The human in front of them had passed the Dragon God’s trial and obtained the Dragon God’s blessing, receiving the Dragon God’s blessing. How could their dragon race dare to go against the Dragon God’s will? Wouldn’t they forget their ancestors after counting the years?

Besides.

Others might not know, but how could the Dragon Emperor, who had received Qin Sheng from the Dragon God Hall and sent him to his palace, not know?

He had already checked the changes in Qin Sheng's body. The difference was like heaven and earth compared to before he entered the Dragon God Hall. The purity and concentration of dragon blood, in particular, shocked even the Dragon Emperor.

This human.

Perhaps not only could he build a bridge between the human race and the dragon race, but he could even perform even more astonishingly. Even if he could save the dragon race, it was not impossible!

"Sorry, I can't do it!"

In the face of the Dragon Emperor's meaningful glance, Qin Sheng instantly understood what he meant, but he shook his head slightly and looked at the Dragon Emperor apologetically, determined not to compromise.

"I'm not just standing here alone. I represent the entire Human Race."

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and puffed out his chest. His voice was sonorous and firm. "Our human race has always been a clan of etiquette. Who in the entire continent doesn't know that? However, etiquette does not represent cowardice."

Qin Sheng swept his gaze across the room and ignored the dragons' anger. He continued, "If you respect me a foot, I'll return you a foot. First, there were the dragon clan elders who used their power to suppress others. I won't hold it against them. However, this elder of the dragon clan not only used his power to suppress others, but he also spoke such vulgar words."

"If you insult me, I can laugh it off. If you insult my human race and talk about the Human Ruler, how can I pretend to be deaf and mute and be a coward? Besides, I've already restrained myself very much. I only hope that this clan elder who has a prejudice against the human race will not interfere with the relationship between the human race and the dragon race. That's all. Why do you all feel that this matter is my fault?"

His words rendered the dragons speechless.

"What a glib tongue!"

"Hmph, humans have always been eloquent. As expected."

“Brat, who do you think everyone here is? It’s best that you don’t embarrass yourself with your petty tricks.”

"So what if you're a human? Do you think my dragon race is afraid of you?"

"He's just a pest, yet he still dares to spout such nonsense in the Dragon Palace Hall. He's really courting death."

“Is the so-called etiquette clan of the human race teaching a pest like you who steals the treasures of other clans?”

“What is the point of speaking so much nonsense? We gathered together and have already given the Human Emperor face. Let us judge him!”

"Judgment! Judgment!"

"Judgment! Judgment!"

"Judgment! Judgment!"

"…"

At once, the crowd was in an uproar.

Qin Luo Sheng was rather surprised.

Oh.

He had underestimated these stupid dragons!

Looks like…

The dragons were not brainless.

Perhaps it was just because the power was too strong that he only needed to crush it. He did not need to use his brain, which gave him the illusion that the dragons were all big fools.

Sigh.

How silly.

To be able to survive from the Ancient Era until now and still be ranked at the forefront in terms of strength and influence, it wasn’t just purely relying on strength. Without intelligence, they would have long been devoured by other races until not even their bones remained.

Still.

So what?

Even though the history of the Dragon Race is long, 99% of your time is spent on sleeping and fighting. What is the point of caring about everything else?

I have been deeply influenced by the culture of my motherland. I have experienced the explosion of the Internet and secretly learned from countless experts. I have integrated the opinions of many schools on the vast Earth into one. On this blue planet, I have created my own 'firearms' lineage. Why should I be afraid of weak chickens like you?

I, Crazy Zuan, request to fight!

“Judgment? It’s really scary.” (Well, automatically imagine Marine Admiral Meng Qi D Kizaru [Comedy])

When his temper flared up, Qin Sheng did not care about anything else. He retorted first, "As a dragon, what right do you have to judge a human like me? Why are you jumping around here every day? Are you suffering from hyperactivity? I'm afraid each and every one of you is the youngest. You're at least a hundred rounds older than me, aren't you? You're bullying the young with your seniority. Are you really f*cking proud of yourselves?"

"Look, look, what are you looking at? Haven't you seen the person who dissed you? All day long, you're strutting around with the results of your Dragon Clan's history, looking at people from the corner of your eyes and looking at them with your nostrils facing the sky. Other than the glory of your ancestors, what else do you have?"

"Yes, I admit that your dragon race is indeed impressive. No wonder you were once the overlord of the world. Hmm, look at my mouth shape. Ceng, ceng, ceng, ceng. That's right, it was once, it was once."

"What does the empire that your ancestors fought for have to do with you? You bunch of unfilial descendants didn't protect the family business and didn't lead the dragon race to continue dominating the world. That's already the most unfilial of you. To think that you still have the face to talk about your ancestors all day long. I'm afraid that when they find out in the netherworld, they would want to jump up and slap you. F*ck, a bunch of unfilial descendants."

"What are you glaring at me for? Are you unhappy? If you're unhappy, hold it in. And you, your hair and beard are already so white. You can't even walk properly, and you still have to use a walking stick. Don't you think it's nice to stay at home and play comfortably? Why do you have to jump out and cause trouble?"

"Yes, you are an elder of the dragon clan. You have high prestige, status, and status. You used to be an all-powerful figure. But so what? My lord, this is no longer your era."

"Retreat when you're old. Retreat when you're old. Don't be so f*cking stubborn. Who are you trying to show your stern face to? Do you really think everyone respects you? They're just giving in to you, old thing. They're afraid that if they do anything, your heart won't be able to take the blow and you'll die of anger."

"Taking advantage of your seniority and looking down on everyone else? You still have the cheek to say that we humans can do whatever we want? What have we humans done to you? If you can't stand the fact that humans are the overlords of the world, then go ahead and snatch them. Trash who only knows how to talk big probably can only rely on your status as a dragon and your current age to talk. I don't want to argue with a stubborn old man like you. Do you really take yourself seriously? Tell me, who do you think you are, hmm?"

"…"