Chapter 298: Dragon Abyss Rises

"Weeping Soul, what do you have to say?"

The Dragon Emperor looked at Qin Luo with an ugly expression.

There was both anger and inquiry.

The Dragon Monarch knew that this man in front of him was not simple. The conversation they had in the City Lord Residence of Starlight City was enough to prove that Qin Sheng was not a fanatic who only knew how to use his tongue. There must be a reason for his earlier spouting.

Except.

Previously, he could still control the situation in the name of the Dragon Emperor. But now, the situation was in complete chaos. He could no longer control it. At this moment, he immediately indicated: Little brother, if you have any goods, hurry up and take them out. Otherwise, bear the consequences yourself.

"Kill me? What a joke!"

Qin Luo Sheng reached out indifferently and took out the Dragon God Command from his backpack, raising it high. "Come, let me see how you're going to kill me!"

Instantly.

Silence.

All the dragons stared at the [Dragon God's Command] in Qin Sheng's hands in bewilderment. As the upper echelons of the dragon race, they naturally knew many secrets, including the [Dragon God's Command]!

"No, this is impossible. This is fake!"

The other dragons were silent, but Long Yuan, who was already on the same level as Qin Sheng, was not. After Qin Sheng took out the Dragon God Command, he was instantly dumbfounded. Then, he roared, "How can the identity of the Dragon God be given to a human?"

No one answered.

How could they not know if it was real or not?

How could the Dragon God’s Imperial Order be fake?

Even if the Dragon God's aura could be faked, what was this deep sense of submission in the genes?

As the elders, elders, and dragon kings of the Dragon Tribe, they only respected the Dragon Monarch, not submitted to him. Other than the only god of the Dragon Tribe, who else could make them submit?

"This is a gift from the Dragon God. Seeing it is like seeing the Dragon God."

Qin Luo Sheng said indifferently, "Right now, I'm the Dragon Lord and my status is equivalent to the Dragon Emperor. Even if I have no power or authority, my status has already surpassed yours. I even have the Dragon God backing me up. Now, who still wants to kill me?!!"

The dragons were speechless.

“It’s still the same old saying. If people respect me a foot, I’ll change them ten feet.”

The dragons fell silent. Qin Sheng had something to say. "If you had been a little more friendly just now, things wouldn't have developed to this stage. Remember, it's not that I don't keep my mouth shut, but your arrogance is making you humiliate yourselves."

"Cough cough, what's with this [Dragon God's Command]?"

Seeing that the atmosphere was a little awkward, a group of clansmen were angry, but because of the [Dragon God Command], they didn’t dare to be angry. Dragon Emperor couldn’t help but cough twice and changed the topic, “Could this be the reward for passing Lord Dragon God’s trial?”

"That's not all!"

He was the Dragon Emperor after all and had helped Qin Luo so much that he had no choice but to give him face.

Besides.

It was also impossible for Qin Luo Sheng to be unforgiving and thoroughly offend the dragon race to death. Therefore, he went along with the flow and cooperated smoothly.

He reached out and took out a piece of the Dragon God's Scale. "In addition to the [Dragon God Command], the Dragon God also gave me this and the Dragon God's blood."

“Scales of the Dragon God? Blood of the Dragon God?”

Including Dragon Emperor, all the dragons started to breathe heavily.

For the dragons, the Dragon God was their god, their faith, and their highest pursuit.

The dragon race respected bloodlines. The blood of the Dragon God was naturally the highest bloodline of the dragon race.

As long as one could consume the Dragon God’s blood and refine it, not only would one’s strength increase explosively, one could even evolve one’s bloodline and break through one’s limits to reach an even higher height. Who wouldn’t be envious?

"Then, what about the blood of the Dragon God?"

The Dragon Emperor asked with a longing expression.

"I drank it!"

Initially, Qin Luo had wanted to take out the Dragon God's blood to show off. However, when he saw a bunch of green dragon eyes staring at him, he could not help but feel a little scared. Then, he thought about the effects of the Dragon God's blood. Even he, a human, had benefited greatly from it and did not dare to move anymore.

"You drank it?"

The entire Dragon Palace Hall exploded.

“Or what?”

Qin Luo shrugged his shoulders. "Otherwise, why do you think that the true dragon's blood in my body has become so thick and pure?"

Instantly.

The fervent aura was gone, and he returned to his original appearance. No, he seemed more dispirited than before.

"What a pity!"

The Dragon Emperor was also very helpless. Fortunately, his temperament was quite good, and he quickly composed himself, “Since Lord Dragon God has already approved of you and even gave you the [Dragon God’s Imperial Order], us juniors naturally wouldn’t dare to go against Lord Dragon God’s wishes.—In fact, from the moment you passed Lord Dragon God’s trial, you passed our test and became the most honorable guest of our Dragon Clan.”

"Thank you for your love, Dragon Emperor!" Qin Sheng said politely. At the same time, he cupped his hands towards the dragons in the Dragon Palace Hall. "I was young and ignorant just now and offended everyone. Please don't take it to heart. I apologize here. I'm sorry!"

The dragons fell silent.

Even though Qin Luo had apologized, they would not easily accept the personality they had developed over a long period of time. Wasn't this just giving them a sweet aftershock? Did they really think they were children?

Except.

Now that Qin Luo had the Imperial Order of the Dragon God, the backing of the Dragon God, and the favor of the Dragon Emperor, they dared not act rashly unless they betrayed their race.

However, it was still—

Unforgivable.

She didn't want to compromise.

I couldn’t accept it.

Since that was the case, he could only remain silent.

"I… don't… believe it!"

At this point, the matter could have come to an end. However, life is unpredictable. There will always be accidents that you cannot imagine. Look, the Dragon Abyss that was convicted and waiting to be punished jumped out again.

"I, Long Yuan, the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, request to activate the Terrifying Dragon Platform in the name of the Dragon King!”

Terrifying Dragon Platform?

The dragons were in an uproar.

Even the Dragon Monarch was shocked.

"Brat, do you dare to fight me on the Dragon Shocking Stage?"

Long Yuan was filled with malice as he challenged Qin Sheng.

"Long Yuan, for the sake of our clan, for the sake of you being the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, I can pretend that I didn't hear what you just said.”

The Dragon Monarch warned him with a gloomy expression, “You better not make a mistake!”

"Mistake? This King is about to be reduced to a prisoner. The worst outcome would be being punished to guard the dragon tomb. Is there a worse outcome than this?"

Long Yuan laughed wildly. "As the king of the Black Dragon Race, I have been following the teachings of my ancestors. I have always been conscientious and did not dare to slack off at all. I have done my best for the dragon race. I have watched over that place under the precipice where there is no sunlight and no sign of life. I have watched over it for three thousand years. Now, I have gotten rid of it after killing it. I have been reduced to such a state. This king… is not convinced!"

The Dragon Palace Hall fell into silence once again.

"I know of your achievements and have never forgotten them. However, there are laws in the country and rules in the race. Those who have done meritorious deeds will be rewarded and those who have done so will be punished. This is a rule passed down in the Dragon race since ancient times and is also the law of the Dragon City."

The Dragon Monarch said in an impartial manner, “This sovereign will discuss with the Council of Elders and strive for leniency. It is not too late to withdraw now.”

"Retreat? It's already too late!"

Long Yuan's eyes were filled with ruthlessness. "If I don't kill this person, I won't be able to think clearly. Even if I'm not punished, I won't be willing to do so. I, Long Yuan, the king of the Black Dragon Clan, request to activate the Terrifying Dragon Platform in the name of the Dragon King!”