Chapter 292: Qin Luo Sheng:???

"Of course!" Su Youran couldn't help but glance at Qin Sheng. "Can't I play games? I'm the first batch of players to enter Fate Dimension. I'm already level-16!"

"Oh, you're great then."

Qin Qin Sheng rolled his eyes subtly.

The first batch of game equipment was given 100 million by the Fate Corporation. There were only 10 million in China. Those who could get it were indeed lucky.

Except.

As the first batch of veteran players, you are only level sixteen now. You are hovering between the third tier and the second tier. Say yes

‘ And?’

“What kind of look is that?”

The goddess was much more sensitive than the man. Even though Qin Sheng rolled his eyes obscurely, he was caught red-handed by Goddess Su. He stomped his feet on the spot and pouted unhappily. "I still have to go to work during the day. I'm just playing at night. I definitely can't compare to others.—Hmph, you still despise me. What level are you at?"

"Level 20!"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated for a moment before choosing a neither too high nor too low number to answer.

This wooden expression made many of the elderly men and women who were strolling along the streets speechless.

A beautiful woman with 95 points was acting cute in front of you. Is that it?

Serves him right for being alone!

But Qin Luo had no choice.

He had no experience dealing with this kind of situation. The girl was pretty, but his head hurt.

Helpless, he could only hand over the initiative to chat.

The girl asked and the loser answered.

Yeah.

What a harmonious scene!!!

"Wow, Big Boss!"

Su Youran immediately cried out in surprise. She held her hands in front of her chest, her bright eyes shining like stars. She looked like a fangirl who had seen oppa. "Can you bring me to level up? It's so slow to level up alone."

“You haven’t got anyone to take you?”

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

Why didn't anyone bring such an excellent goddess?

In the past games, as long as it was a girl, even if she looked like a dinosaur, there would still be a bunch of flies surrounding her. Furthermore, Fate Dimension scanned the real body and formed a basic body. There was no need to worry about a transvestite at all. True 100% gender identification, and 20% face massage. A dinosaur would become a beauty, and a beauty would become a beauty.

For a goddess like Su Youran, as long as a man wasn't blind or gay, he would have some thoughts, right?

"Yes, but I don't like them," Goddess Su answered honestly. "Their eyes disgust me. Hmph, do they really think I'm an innocent little girl? I don't play with people like them with dirty intentions!"

"Hey!" Qin Sheng was a little displeased. "Isn't it natural for a man to like a woman? If he's not interested in you, who would get close to you? With that kind of kung fu, isn't it good to play games by yourself?"

Qin Luo's indignation was understandable.

In his previous life on Earth, he had friends who were treated like fools and played around with.

‘ Tell me.’

They were all adults. Did they not know what they were thinking?

His friends were okay. Once or twice. It didn’t matter.

However, those who had just gotten to know the opposite sex invited you out because they had some ideas. Since you agreed readily, you should give them a chance. If you were neither close nor distant, what was the point of being ambiguous? Were you playing with people? Your skin was as thick as a city wall. You followed them all the way to eat and drink, but when it came to serious matters, you just ignored them and kept hanging around. Did you treat them as long-term meal tickets?

"That's not what I meant either!" Goddess Su raised her voice again. "I've never had much contact with my offline colleagues, and I've rejected all of my suitors. In the game, I only play with my best friends and female colleagues, but those guys can't even chase me away. What can I do?"

Qin Luo immediately broke out in cold sweat.

This girl was so honest!

Don't you know what you look like?

With such a devastating face, he still wanted peace?

Stop dreaming.

"Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I misunderstood you."

Qin Luo Sheng was completely speechless.

At the same time, he felt a little embarrassed. He was the one who had first thought and brought his friend's past experiences into this and wronged her.

That made sense.

Such a girl was still single. She must be a clean person.

Judging from her appearance and gaze, she did not look like the legendary green tea with countless spare tires.

"It's getting late, let's stop here. You must be tired after a day at work. Go back and rest early!"

Qin Luo immediately wanted to slip away.

The plebeian could not change his mind. He was feeling a little inferior and cowardly. He was really at a loss when facing his goddess.

It was hard to imagine.

A man who was not even afraid of the Dragon God was actually afraid of women?!!

"Hey, when are you free? I'll treat you to a meal!"

Su Youran shouted.

"We'll talk about it when we have time!"

Qin Luo replied.

"Hmph, what? Am I that scary? I actually ran away."

Looking at Qin Luo's back, Goddess Su pouted unhappily. "VX doesn't reply, doesn't answer the phone, just plays games. Now that I've met him by chance, he's as cowardly as anything. I'm so angry. Forget it, I have the contact information and know where I live. I have to grasp it. I finally found such an interesting man and he's so manly. I won't let him off."

As he spoke.

Su Youran couldn't help but think of that dark night. A certain man who had just fled in a sorry state was like a god descending from the heavens, pulling her out of the dark abyss. For a moment, she was a little dazed.

…

Pa!

Qin Sheng, who had fled back home in a sorry state, felt even more upset the more he thought about it. He gave himself a slap and scolded in exasperation, "What a coward. He doesn't even dare to get close to a girl who has come knocking on his door. He deserves to be single forever."

"Sigh, forget it, forget it. Let's not think about those useless things. What's the point of having a goddess?"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng returned to his room and lay down on the bed. He took the game connector device and said, "Hmph, how can a woman be more fun than a game? Aren't the four girls from Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Qingwu, Diewu, Diemeng and Dieqin fragrant? Luo Shen Residence has Mengmeng, a full-time master who is extremely good looking and has abilities that are proportional to her looks. There's also the legendary delicate maidservant. Isn't that fragrant? Why do you still want a three dimensional girl? Get lost ~"

Come.

Lincoln died!

A day without visit felt like three years.

He had slept for more than a day. How was he now?

His consciousness sank. With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the world of destiny.

Before he could see his surroundings clearly, he heard the system's sanction. The continuous beeps made his head dizzy.

"Ding… Congratulations on incubating Legendary pet. You have received 10,000 Reputation Points!"

Ding… congratulations on successfully placing your Legendary pet first on the Pet Ranking. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

"The ten-second countdown has passed. The system has tacitly acknowledged it!"

Ding… congratulations on completing the second stage of the SSS mission [Dragon Race's Trial]. You have completed [Dragon God's Trial]. You have obtained the Dragon God's recognition. Reward: Imperial Order of the Dragon God x1. A wisp of the Dragon God's divine power. Blood of the Dragon God x3. Scales of the Dragon God x5! '

"Ding, your SSS mission [Dragon Race's Test] has changed. Please proceed to check!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”