Chapter 293: Imperial Order Of The Dragon God

"What's going on?"

Qin Qin Sheng was instantly dumbfounded.

This…

I passed the trial?

I hatched that dragon egg?

Impossible.

He clearly remembered that he was directly crushed by the Dragon God's three consecutive increases in the dragon's might, leaving not even a corpse. Wasn't this a failure? Why did he pass?

Looking up.

He scanned his surroundings.

This was a splendid and antique room. Qin Sheng knew where it was without asking.

Dragon Island.

It had to be Dragon Island.

This decoration and style were definitely not from the human world.

"Although I don't know what happened, it should be a good thing, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng scratched his head. If he could not figure it out, he would immediately toss this matter to the back of his mind. What else did he want to do after taking advantage of her? Was he going to make a fuss and make her take it back? Who would be so stupid?

"Come, let me see how amazing the reward for passing SSS's trial mission and hatching the dragon egg left behind by the Dragon God is."

Rubbing his hands together, Qin Luo was extremely excited as he began to inspect the spoils of war.

[Dragon God Command]

Type: Token

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Four basic attributes + 200, Luck + 10, Charm + 20, Tenacity + 20, Enlightenment + 20, Focus

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Imperial Order of the Dragon God] can only be obtained by the person acknowledged by the Dragon God. The person who holds the Imperial Order of the Dragon God has the same status as the Dragon Emperor. He is the most respected guest of the Dragon Race and is regarded as the Dragon Lord!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Lord Summon] has been used up. Can summon a dragon to fight for you (Summoning Formula: Current Class Advancement + 1, Current Strength + 1). Lasts up to 10 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: The token personally given by the Dragon God represents the supreme authority of the Dragon God. Even though it does not have any real power, its status is on par with the Dragon Emperor. It is the highest of the dragon race, and all dragons must show respect when they see it. At the same time, the person who possesses the Imperial Order of the Dragon God is given the title of "Dragon Lord" and has the right to summon guards.

I. R.?

Qin Luo's scalp tingled.

Initially, he thought that it was just a gold medal, at most a symbol of honor and status. He did not expect that apart from these two symbols, it also had such an abnormal attribute.

The four basic attributes of 200 points were equivalent to an additional 800 points. It was simply explosive. Up until now, out of all the equipment that he had obtained, the one with the greatest increase was none other than him.

Besides.

Forget about the basic attributes, even the hidden attributes were an explosive increase. Other than the 10 points increase in Luck, the rest were all 20 points. Even if his Charm was maxed out because of the Lord of the Stars, which of the rest was not important?

Even if it was just a simple enhancement, the value of this [Dragon God Command] was definitely not lower than a Legendary equipment. Moreover, this fellow had special effects and additional skills.

Not to mention the special effects, they were all dry goods. Don't think that they didn't seem to have anything and didn't have any increase in combat power. However, this privilege was the best reward.

With it, he would become the Dragon Lord whose status was equivalent to the Dragon Emperor. This way, he could do whatever he wanted on the Dragon Island!

The dragon clan elders, the Dragon King, and the elders who were glaring at him earlier, would dare to give him any more face? He would not be beaten to death!

There was also one additional skill—Dragon Lord Summon!

The introduction looked ordinary, but in reality, it was extremely terrifying.

Summoning Formula: Current Class Advancement + 1, Current Strength + 1!

What did this mean?

For example, Qin Sheng was currently Rank One and Rank 27. On the surface, his strength (he did not activate the augmentation skill) was around Gold rank. After all, in terms of attributes alone, it was also that high, wasn't it? Then the Dragon Tribe guard he summoned was at least Rank Two and 30 Epic-ranked.

This might not be obvious.

Once Qin Luo leveled up to Level 30 and completed his Second Stage Profession, he would use this skill to summon the lowest Rank Three, Level 50 Epic Boss!

Who could compare?

If they sent out this guy, they would be invincible!

Not to mention anything else, just the huge difference of 20 levels between a level 50 and a level 30, a third-promotion versus a second-promotion, was difficult to make up.

"As expected, SSS missions are awesome. This reward is amazing!"

Qin Qin was overjoyed.

The Imperial Order of the Dragon God was too powerful.

His own attributes and additional skills were already so amazing. Most importantly, it did not occupy a limited equipment area. As long as he put it in his backpack and took up a dispensable space slot, it would take effect.

They ate grass and squeezed milk.

Was there anything more perfect than this?

"Next, the blood of the Dragon God!"

Qin Sheng was extremely pleased as he put the Dragon God Command into his backpack and looked at the attributes that had increased tremendously. He reached out and took out the three gold bottles that contained terrifying energy.

[Blood of the Dragon God]

Type: Blood

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: The blood of the Dragon God contains extremely strong energy and unknown abilities. It is said that after consuming it, one can obtain the power of the Dragon God. It can also evolve the bloodline and enhance one's body! (Note: Without the dragon race's bloodline in the body, one will be repelled by the blood of the Dragon God. The dragon race with too weak a bloodline will not be able to withstand the power and explode to death.)

Holy shit!

Was he that sick?

"Damn it, let's do it!"

Qin Luo Sheng stared at the three golden bottles that were approximately 1,000mL. Gritting his teeth, he opened one of them and gulped it down in one go.

"The bold ones die from overeating, while the cowardly ones starve to death. I signed a bloodline contract with the dragon egg. I have the highest rank true dragon's blood in my body, which can also be considered to possess the dragon race's bloodline. Since that's the case, how can I let go of the dragon god's blood?"

Closing his eyes, Qin Sheng waited for the judgment to descend.

Yet.

After a while, nothing happened.

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo Sheng rubbed his tummy in confusion.

Is it good or bad? Why are you acting the same?!

After downing a bottle of Dragon God’s blood, other than being full, there was no other reaction, which made me very…

Awkward!

Ding… You drank the Dragon God's blood, Health Points + 10,000, Mana Points + 10,000, Health Recovery Speed + 2% total Health Points / second, Mana Recovery Speed + 2% total Mana Points / second! '

"Ding… Due to the evolution of the Dragon God's blood, your dragon's might has increased. Your bloodline has evolved. Your skill [True Dragon Transformation (Pseudo)] has changed!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed and hurriedly opened the skill column.

[Dragon's Might] has no consumption. You can only awaken if you have the blood of a True Dragon in your body. Passive effect: Monsters below level 30 will not take the initiative to attack you. Active effect: The power of a True Dragon is earth-shattering. It is regarded as your enemy's target. All attributes will be forcibly reduced by 20%. The same target can only take effect once. Note: After using this skill, the target's aggro will be firmly locked onto you.

All attributes decreased by 10% to 20%? It doubled?

Qin Qin Sheng almost fainted from happiness.

This was a BUG-level skill, forcefully depriving the enemy of a percentage of all attributes including Health Points and Mana Points. Even if the effect was only slightly enhanced, it was still a huge improvement. Now, it was actually doubled by the Blood of the True Dragon, it was really too terrifying.

Damn it!

No wonder it was the blood of the Dragon God, it was so awesome!

Following that…

[Dragon Blood Burning Death] did not consume anything. It burned the True Dragon's blood in its body and awakened the Dragon's Might. Effect: All attributes + 199%, Attack + 199%, Defense + 199%, Speed + 199%, Attack Speed + 199%. Additional effects of madness, reduced pain, nullified by the attacker's pain shield. At the same time, Attack has a plundering effect. It can absorb the target's life force to replenish one's physical strength. Duration: 30 minutes, Cooldown: 3 days. After using the skill, one will enter a weakened state.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”