Chapter 297: Qin Luo Qin

A series of gunshots rang out.

Qin Luo Sheng unleashed all his firepower. His mouth was like a machine gun as it spewed out crazily, engulfing all the dragons present, including even the Dragon Emperor, as he cursed out miserably.

Awesome!

This was really satisfying!

Except.

After this, the problem came.

"Could it be that the Dragon God's trial has passed, but now he's going to die in the hands of these guys?"

Qin Luo Sheng, who had just entered the Sagely State, felt his heart skip a beat as he looked at the group of dragons whose eyes were bloodshot and whose eyes were filled with blood. Their eyes were filled with hatred and rage.

Shit.

It seemed like he had scolded too harshly!

He quietly opened the mission panel and glanced over—

[Mission Title] The Dragon Race's Test

[Mission Introduction] Because you stole the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, the Dragon Race was furious. In order to retrieve the ultimate treasure, they did not hesitate to start a war between races. The Human Ruler and the Dragon Emperor discussed. In order to prevent the internal conflict between the Human Race and the Dragon Race from being exhausted, the Dragon Emperor would be the leader. He would set up a test for you on the Dragon Island. After completing the test, you would obtain the friendship of the Dragon Race, the right of ownership of the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, and a generous reward.

[Mission Details] Stage One—To Dragon Island (Completed); Stage Two—Dragon God Trial (Completed); Stage Three—Dragon Race Acknowledgement (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] SS

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Nothing has changed!

This mission was the same as what he had seen earlier!

"Stop, what are you doing?"

Just as Qin Luo opened his mission panel and was pondering about the unexpected, a violent dragon breath locked onto him. Before he could react, the aura of destruction had already descended.

Yet.

Just as the dragon's breath was approaching, the Dragon Emperor suddenly flashed over and reached out to block it, saving Qin Sheng.

"Damn it!"

Qin Sheng, who had almost unknowingly received his bento, flew into a rage. He raised his head and looked over, only to see the Black Dragon King, Long Yuan, whose hatred was as deep as the sea, glaring at him with a pair of dragon eyes.

"Oh, so it's an old acquaintance!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately said in a peculiar tone, "Sir Long Yuan, we meet again. How are you doing? You don't seem to be resting well recently. Hmm, did something happen?"

"Oh, oh, so it's me. I was the one who took away the dragon egg you protected and walked you around like a dog. You were punished for not doing your job well, right?"

"Sigh, it's my fault. I'm sorry. It's my fault for making you suffer. Don't cry, don't cry. See, I'm here now. If you have anything to say, you can say it to me. If you have anything to say, you can say it to me. Your elders are here too. Just say it. Everyone will listen carefully."

All the dragons:…

Damn it!

Shut up!

If you don't know how to talk, don't say it.

How can I, the mighty king of the Black Dragon Race, be insulted by you like this?

Hmm, cough cough…

Although it sounded quite exciting.

"Brat, This King will kill you!"

Long Yuan, who was already extremely furious, immediately lost his rationality after being humiliated like this. He revealed his true form on the spot and pounced over.

"Long Yuan, stop!”

The Dragon Emperor glared at Qin Sheng warningly before looking at Long Yuan and shouting sternly, "Don't behave atrociously in the Dragon Palace Hall!"

"Long Ye, get out of my way!"

At this moment, Qin Sheng was the only one left in the eyes of the enraged Long Yuan. His only thought was to kill, and he didn't care where he was or who was blocking him. His body didn't stop moving at all.

Tsk tsk.

This fellow, his path is too narrow!

Qin Sheng did not know what punishment there was for making a move in the Dragon Palace Hall, but in such a serious situation where all the higher-ups of the Dragon Clan were present, not only did he not give the Dragon Emperor any face, he even called him by his name. This was simply too audacious.

The human race had many rules, but compared to the human race, the other races had stricter hierarchy. Those in power could even decide the life and death of those in power.

The Dragon Emperor was the emperor of the Dragon Race, the supreme ruler of a race. He represented the face of the Dragon Race, yet he was being disrespected by his own clansmen. If news of this were to spread, who knew how many people would laugh at the Dragon Race.

"Dragon Abyss of the Black Dragon, Sin One: The Dragon Palace uses force. Sin Two: Offending the Dragon Emperor. Sin Three: Offending the Dragon Race. Sin Four: Losing the Dragon God's legacy treasure. Sin Five: Privately transferring troops to invade the human race. Now, be punished with several crimes."

The Dragon Emperor’s golden pupils shone with a resplendent light as he easily suppressed the Dragon Abyss. He coldly shouted as he carefully counted the crimes of the Dragon Abyss, “Where is the elder of the Punishment Hall?”

“The old dragon is here!” A skinny old man wearing a black robe with a righteous expression stepped out and bowed slightly.

The Dragon Emperor clenched his hand and restrained Long Yuan, pulling him back from his berserk state. He transformed back into his human form and put on his shackles. "Keep Long Yuan here and put him in prison for the time being, awaiting his punishment."

“Yes!” The Punishment Hall’s elder accepted the order. “We will follow the Dragon Monarch’s orders!”

"I refuse to accept this!" Long Yuan, who was shackled by the dragon qi, started to struggle. "Dragon Emperor, are you biased towards this human? He's a vermin, a vermin that steals the treasures of our dragon race. You bastard…"

"That's right, Dragon Emperor. The Dragon Abyss's crime cannot be explained, but his words are also reasonable. No matter what, this person in front of us not only stole our dragon clan's supreme treasure, but also behaved atrociously in the sacred Dragon Palace Hall and spouted nonsense. Not only did he insult us, he also implicated our dragon clan's ancestors. His crime is truly unforgivable and should be punished severely."

"I, Fire Dragon King Long Lie, request the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"I, Water Dragon King Long Miao, request Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"I, Dragon Subduing Earth Dragon King, request the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"I, the Wind Dragon King Long Bao, request the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"I, the Black Dragon Tribe, request the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!”

"Punishment Hall, I beg the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"Hall of Combat, request the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!”

“Dragon City’s Eighteen Guards, request the Dragon Monarch to kill this person!”

"The Elders Guild requests the Dragon Emperor to kill this person!"

"…"

With someone taking the lead, others naturally responded.

In an instant.

The entire Dragon Palace Hall was in an uproar.

He had no choice.

Qin Luo Sheng was really hateful.

Originally, he had passed the Dragon God Trial, and there were already many dragons that accepted him. But just now, he had sprayed all the friendly feelings that had just emerged directly.

This was great.

Other than Dragon Emperor, who cared about the overall situation, all the other higher-ups of the Dragon Race stood on the opposite side. They looked like they wanted to tear off his tendons and skin him alive.

The Dragon Monarch’s head began to hurt.

As the Emperor of the Dragon Clan, not only was his strength the strongest among the Dragon Clan, but his bloodline was also worthy of being the best among the Dragon Clan. However, the strength of an Emperor was not enough.

Now.

All of the dragon race objected. He was just a mere Dragon Emperor, yet he appeared so weak in the face of such a great power.

Even if he were to use the name of the Dragon Monarch to forcefully suppress it, after today, this group of people would no longer regard him as the Dragon Monarch. At that time, his name would only exist in reality, and he would be completely alone.

"Weeping Soul, what do you have to say?"