Chapter 291: Encountering Su Youran By Chance

Night.

Qin Luo, who had slept for more than a day, finally woke up.

The first thing he did when he got out of bed was to pick up his phone, find a Sichuan restaurant, and order a lot of take-out. 90% of it was meat, which could fill his stomach and fill his stomach.

Originally, his body would gradually evolve as he leveled up. The stronger he became, the better it would be. At the same time, the amount of energy he would need to consume would increase.

Planet Blue was just like Earth in his previous life. It was just an ordinary planet with technology as its main focus. It was not a cultivation planet like in novels or television dramas. It had spiritual energy and other existences that could be used by him.

Hence.

Only food could replenish energy consumption.

So.

Originally, Qin Sheng only needed one bowl of rice or two bowls of rice. Now, his appetite was getting bigger. Previously, he only needed five to six servings of food. Now that his level had soared to Level 7, he probably needed seven to eight servings of food. After starving for an entire day, he probably needed ten servings to fill his stomach.

"This is too fucking cool!"

The corner of Qin Sheng's mouth twitched as he looked at the thousand-plus dollars on the payment interface.

Even if he had more than a hundred million yuan in assets in Fate Dimension and eight-digit cash in his bank account, it had only been a week or two since he had amassed so much wealth. The mindset of a loser had yet to change to that of a rich tycoon.

This…

A meal fee of more than a thousand dollars started to hurt.

One had to know that this amount of money was nothing to the top wealthy people or even the middle-class families with a little money.

"I'm a big shot with tens of millions of dollars in cash. Why am I still hesitating over such a small amount of money? I deserve to be poor."

Qin Luo Sheng was afraid of being slapped, so he clicked 'Pay' without hesitation.

"Indeed, money is a man's courage!"

Putting down his phone, Qin Sheng stretched and went back to his room to get a set of clean clothes to wash up. "In the past, I had to take a look at a fast-food meal. I chose cheap pork and poultry, not daring to eat beef and mutton just to save a few dollars. Now, a meal costs more than a thousand dollars and I don't even blink. It's really good to have money in my pocket."

It was a huge order, and Sichuan Cuisine Restaurant needed some time to prepare.

In the past, it only took about half an hour. This time, it took a full hour.

He had no choice.

It was Qin Sheng's fault for ordering tough dishes and increasing the quantity.

Looking at the two delivery men carrying two big bags each with flushed faces, Qin Sheng felt a little apologetic and gave each of them 100 yuan.

This bit of money was nothing to him now. It was just a drop in the ocean. However, to the delivery man who was struggling at the bottom and earning hard-earned money every day, it was quite a lot. After all, this was an additional income. It was a pleasant surprise.

After bidding farewell to the two extremely grateful delivery men, Qin Luo brought the four big bags of food to the dining hall easily.

Out of the eighteen dishes, the boss kindly gave two cold dishes and three snacks, a total of twenty-three dishes.

There were fourteen meat dishes and six vegetable dishes, twelve hot dishes and eight cold dishes, including two bowls of soup.

Smell it.

Yeah.

Fragrance! ~ ~

"Nan Nan, wake up and eat!"

Suppressing his hunger, Qin Sheng knocked on Nannan's door guiltily.

“Daddy, you’re awake!”

Nan Nan yawned and said sleepily, "You can sleep better than Nan Nan!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

What the heck?

What did that mean?

Are you ridiculing me?

How could anyone not know who was sleeping?

I was only in a special state, but what about you? Forget about the reincarnation of the Sleeping God!

Tsk.

Look at you, you still have the energy to ridicule me. Do you think that I, Qin, can't lift a knife?

You should know that I am now your legal guardian. Is it really appropriate to treat me like this?

It seemed like it was time to force you to go to the hospital for a checkup on your sleepiness.

"Ah, so full!"

An hour later.

The dining hall was in chaos.

Twenty dishes, three snacks, and fifteen servings of rice. Qin Luo and Nan Nan had finished the dishes.

"Do you want to take a walk?"

After tidying up the mess, Qin Luo Sheng carried two large garbage bags and looked at the rice that he had eaten for five people with a complicated expression. His face twitched when he saw that there was still no swelling in his stomach.

"No, father. I'm tired."

Nan Nan yawned and went back to her room.

Qin Luo Sheng: "…"

Sleep, sleep, sleep. Whoever dies will die.

Throwing away the trash, Qin Sheng put on his earphones and turned on the music player. He chose a music list that focused on soothing music and did not leave the district. He just strolled around the district.

"Eh? I'm just taking a walk and I'm already familiar with him?"

Qin Sheng quickly walked around the estate for a few rounds. When he reached the front gate of the estate, he caught a glimpse of a graceful figure from the corner of his eye.

Su Youran?

Her looks and aura were worth 95 points. She was the girl that he saved from a pervert in the district. He did not expect that they would be so fated to meet her.

"Qin Luo, do you still remember me?"

Qin Qin Sheng saw Su Youran, and Su Youran also saw him. Instantly, her eyes lit up. Wearing a business suit and high heels, she jogged over with a pure and beautiful smile on her face. She waved her fair and tender hands and greeted him.

“Of course I do.”

Qin Luo Sheng also returned a smiley face. "Even if I forget someone, I won't forget you. Any man would remember a beauty like Beauty Su who is both beautiful and elegant, right?"

"Hmph, you're so sweet. Then why didn't you answer the VX I sent you?"

Hearing Qin Luo's praise, Su Youran couldn't help but puff up her cheeks. She leaned forward with her hands behind her back and stared at him with a pair of sparkling eyes.

"Er, I was playing a game and didn't hear anything."

Qin Luo explained awkwardly.

In fact, he did not hear it.

It was because these few days were really too important. After being chased by the dragon race, who would still have the mood to pay attention to other things? Especially on the last day, they even blocked everything just for that f*cking trial.

Unfortunately.

He still failed.

When he woke up earlier, he had also seen the notification on his phone. However, his thoughts were playing tricks on him. Facing a goddess like Su Youran, he felt a little ashamed of his inferiority. He didn't dare to think too much, didn't dare to climb higher, and so didn't reply.

However, he did not expect that he would be caught red-handed the next moment. Was this fate or bad luck?

"Playing games?" Su Youran's eyes lit up. "Is it Fate Dimension?"

“Yeah? Do you play too?”

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

Even goddesses play games?

She was not a house goddess, but a city beauty, a workplace elite?

Damn!

I'm not dreaming!