Chapter 300: The System Is Once More Cruising

"Bastard!"

Long Yuan's heart exploded.

He looked at Qin Sheng, who had a calm expression on his face, as if he had no honor or dignity at all. He knelt down, feeling ashamed of his inferiority.

I refuse?

Wow ~

He sounded so determined!

Just what sort of existence was capable of saying such a shameless thing in front of so many people?

I've insulted you and bullied you. I've thrown your face to the ground and stepped on it…

Was everything alright?

What kind of skin could be so thick?

What kind of place could educate such an extraordinary person like you?

What kind of mentality could make you ignore the crowd and filter through so many strange gazes? Could it really be 'as long as I'm not embarrassed, the one who's embarrassed is someone else'?

Long Yuan was completely lost.

This was the first time in so many years that he had encountered something like this. He was completely dumbfounded and did not know what to do.

The humans he had encountered in the past were not like this either!

How fat was he?

This B doesn't play by the rules!

Long Yuan was right.

Humans were indeed the humans he imagined.

Unfortunately.

The minds of the human beings in the Fated World were still stuck in the feudal times. They were deeply influenced by Confucianism, and they abided by the moral standards of 'benevolence, benevolence, courtesy, and wisdom'.

And this Qin Luo Sheng he had met had come from the open-minded real world.

‘ What?’

You want to talk to me about dignity and honor?

Was there something wrong with his brain?

What was the use of that?

I have dignity and a sense of collective honor, but to you, I'm sorry, it's nothing.

Besides.

You want to bully the weak and bully the strong, so why would I be stupid enough to go against you? You know that there are tigers on the mountain, yet you still want to go against them? Who are you trying to mock? Your IQ isn't good enough, yet you want to drag others down to the same channel as you? Only an idiot would fall for it.

“This kid is fucked up.”

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but laugh when he saw how lifeless Long Yuan's eyes were and how he seemed to doubt his life.

Just this?

Just this?

Just this?

That's it?

He was really vulnerable!

With this little bit of skill, he still dared to jump out and act cool. Wasn't he just showing off in front of Luban Gate and playing with a switchblade in front of Second Master?

Damn it!

What a waste of expressions!

I was prepared to use ten percent of my strength, but you only managed to withstand one or two percent of it before collapsing. Now, I have nowhere to use my strength. I can’t go up or down. It’s so uncomfortable! (Laughable)

Tsk!

"Disciplinary Hall elder, hurry up and detain Long Yuan!"

The situation was finally under control, and the troublemaker Long Yuan began to doubt his life. Without his earlier overreaction, wouldn't he have seized this opportunity? The Dragon Emperor immediately gave the elder of the Disciplinary Hall a warning, telling him to move quickly.

"Yes!"

The Disciplinary Hall Elder replied.

As the boss of the Disciplinary Hall, he had to be impartial when it came to managing this department.

Everything in the world was not black or white.

But as a law-enforcement officer, his eyes were either black or white.

To the Disciplinary Hall, wrong was wrong, right was right. It had nothing to do with feelings, nor did it care about favors. Everything was done according to the law.

Dragon Abyss had committed a crime, and it was a serious crime. They could not be forgiven.

The other dragons could act on impulse, but he couldn’t.

Besides.

This was different from the past. Who would dare to come out and cause trouble now? Did they really think they could judge this human before them? Before the [Dragon God Command], who would dare to act rashly other than the Dragon God? Even the Dragon Emperor had to show some respect, let alone these shrimps.

"Human brat, do you want to be a coward? If you have the guts, fight me on the Dragon Shocking Stage."

His energy was sealed and his hands were shackled. Long Yuan had nowhere to use his body and could only roar in exasperation.

“Stop dreaming. You should know best whether this battle is fair or not.”

Qin Luo watched coldly as Long Yuan was dragged away. He said expressionlessly, "Since you have the face to suggest such an unfair battle, why should I brace myself and accept it? Do you really think my intelligence is the same as yours?"

"Bastard!"

Long Yuan roared out unwillingly.

"It's so ugly. Long Yuan, the king of the Black Dragon Tribe, is that all you've got?”

Qin Qin Sheng frowned. "Previously, you could pretend that you didn't know anything and not be guilty for offending me. However, I took out the [Dragon God's Command]. I'm the Dragon Lord who has officially obtained the Dragon God's recognition. My status is equivalent to the Dragon Emperor, yet you still dare to spout such nonsense, speak rudely and humiliate me. Could it be that the so-called Dragon Lord and even the Dragon God are merely like this in your eyes?"

All of the dragons' expressions changed drastically.

“What are you still waiting for? Hurry up and bring Dragon Abyss to this emperor’s prison!”

Qin Luo's questioning of the dragon race's refusal to submit to the Dragon God was a crime that even the Dragon Emperor could not bear. He hurriedly shouted at the Punishment Hall elder, "Add another crime to the Dragon Pool Hall: Disrespecting the Dragon God, disrespecting the Dragon Lord, a heinous crime!"

Disrespecting Qin Luo, the so-called Dragon Lord, was one thing, but doubting the Dragon God was the same as doubting his own ancestors. How could he forget his ancestors?

"Are you not convinced? Do you want me to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform? Do you want to kill me?"

As he watched Long Yuan being dragged away, a pair of bloodshot dragon eyes were still staring fixedly at him. Qin Sheng teased, "But I won't, I won't, I won't. Aren't you very angry? Do you really want to hit me? Tsk tsk, it's a pity that you don't have the chance. Enter your prison properly and live with infinite unwillingness and anger, live with your hatred for me!"

Dragon Emperor:…

Long Yuan: （ ）

All Dragons: So cheap!

"Tsk, what sharp eyes!"

Qin Luo looked around and took in all the gazes of the dragons.

I love it when you guys are helpless but can't do anything to me.

Comfortable!

"Ding, your SSS mission [Dragon Race's Test] has changed. Please check it as soon as possible!"

Instantly.

The smile on Qin Luo's face froze.

What the hell?

Dog System, you f*cking started again?

If you don't mess with me for a day, you won't feel well, right?

[Mission Title] The Dragon Race's Test

[Mission Introduction] Because you stole the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, the Dragon Race was furious. In order to retrieve the ultimate treasure, they did not hesitate to start a war between races. The Human Ruler and the Dragon Emperor discussed. In order to prevent the internal conflict between the Human Race and the Dragon Race from being exhausted, the Dragon Emperor would be the leader. He would set up a test for you on the Dragon Island. After completing the test, you would obtain the friendship of the Dragon Race, the right of ownership of the Dragon Race's ultimate treasure, and a generous reward.

[Mission Details] Stage One—To Dragon Island (Completed); Stage Two—Dragon God Trial (Completed); Stage Three—Dragon Race Acknowledgement (Completed); Stage Four—Conquering the Dragon Race (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] SS

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

(Note: The details of the fourth phase's mission: Go to the Terrifying Dragon Stage and defeat Long Yuan or subdue him in front of all the dragons. If you fail, it will be regarded as a series mission failure and you will lose the reward you previously received.)

Qin Sheng:…

Haha.

You might as well kill me with a single slash. Wouldn't that be faster?

Going up the Stage of the Shocking Dragon and challenging the Dragon Abyss?

Who did they think they were?

He was the Black Dragon King, and he relied on the Dragon God to intimidate others. It was fine if he was addicted to talking, but to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform? He probably didn't know how to write the word death!

Qin Qin Sheng really wanted to refuse.

Except.

When he saw the mission punishment, he immediately felt a headache and quickly reached out—

"Wait!"