Chapter 501: Finally, We Meet The Goddess Of Snow (2)

"Damn it, damn it, damn it—"

The ice crystal charming spirit was furious, but there was nothing it could do.

As a veteran that had fought for countless years, the ice crystal charming spirit naturally understood the principle of "being weak is the original sin". Being weak was being weak. When facing a strong enemy, you only relied on your strength and nothing else.

Anger?

It was just a mess of emotions that was useless!

"Be good and die!"

It was about time for the exchange. After resting for another ten seconds, Qin Sheng, who had been frightened by the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit's ultimate move, had almost regained his composure.

In the end, this was their lair. Moreover, who knew if the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit still had any hidden cards. After all, this fellow had the blood of a Kirin flowing in his body. With the bloodline of a God Beast, it wasn’t strange for anything to happen.

In order to avoid further complications, it was better to kill him first!

Only death could allow Qin Sheng to truly relax.

"Brat, just you wait!"

The Ice Crystal Succubus' eyes were cold, and her enormous body was once again emitting a rich azure glow. Qin Sheng, who was about to reap more than a thousand, stopped in his tracks, feeling wary.

"I will remember today's humiliation in my heart. In the future, I will definitely burn your bones and scatter your ashes to avenge this!"

As he spoke.

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit turned around and fled!

F*ck!

F*ck?

Qin Sheng, who was holding two swords as though he was facing a formidable enemy, was stunned on the spot!

What was going on?

Just now…

The ice crystal charming spirit seemed to have fled?

Not a trap?

Not a tactical reversal?

Instead—

He really slipped!

Holy shit!

This bastard!

Damn it!

Acting True

Good!

Qin Qin Sheng split open instantly!

“Bastard, do you still have the dignity and honor of being a Qilin?”

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng gave chase, shouting as he did so.

However!

How could such a low level mouth cannon shake this old fox?

He had already made up his mind. He had already run away. Would he turn around and die because of a few words?

"Tsk!"

The verbal cannon was ineffective, and Qin Sheng, who had lost the initiative, was much faster than the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit. However, the latter was already at the entrance of the spiral staircase. With a turn of his body, he vanished in a flash. How could he catch up?

"What the f * * k!"

The duck that was about to be eaten was crippled just like that. Qin Sheng's face was ashen.

Damn it!

My experience!

My equipment!

My materials!

Even…

My mount!

If he killed a Qilin Mutant, there was no doubt that he would receive an explosion. Perhaps a third Legendary equipment or item would appear in his hands.

Or.

Just like how he had killed the Snow Unicorn Horse just now, with some harvesting, he might even be lucky enough to explode and collect the pet egg of the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit?

‘ But—’

Everything was gone now!

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit, that shameless fellow, actually ran away. Disregarding Wu De, you bastard, truly disgracing your Qilin Clan!

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, what should we do now?"

Looking at Qin Luo who was about to go berserk at any moment, even Sanguine Primrose was a little apprehensive. Not daring to provoke him, she could only send out the Peony.

"What should we do?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was twisted as he gritted his teeth, looking like a mad dog. Looking at the spiral staircase that led to the upper floor, he said resentfully, "Of course we're going to chase after him and f*ck that old bastard to death!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

Blood Rose:???

Peony of City-Toppling Beauty: o ((⊙ ° ⊙) o

Elegant Lotus: o (* ￣ ⊙) o

“If nothing unexpected happens, the next level should be the final destination of this trip, the location of the Snow Goddess!”

Despite his anger, Qin Sheng did not lose his mind. After taking a few deep breaths, he calmed down and looked at the four girls in front of him. Initially, he did not want to talk too much, but on account of the Peony of Alluring City, he suppressed his displeasure and said, "You guys have seen it too. Even the Snow Goddess's mount is so ferocious. No one knows how terrifying her actual strength is."

The four women were silent!

Along the way, even though the man in front of them had taken charge of everything, they had also weighed the pros and cons. With the blessing of the Flower Goddess, they could also join the battle. It was just that their efficiency was a little terrible.

Yet.

The Ice Crystal Succubus that looked like a Qilin and had the bloodline of a Qilin asked herself if she would be able to join the battle even with the blessing of the Flower Goddess.

If the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit that was used as a mount was already so savage, then as a master and a god, how tyrannical would the Ice Snow Goddess be?

"He's a god after all. The word 'god' isn't something that can be casually called!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the four silent girls and continued, "Perhaps, the Goddess of Snow is even stronger than the Undead Lich. I'm not confident either, so you guys have to be mentally prepared!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Sanguine Primrose and said, "Prepare yourself for failure!"

"Understood!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded: "Regardless of whether I succeed or not, I will still pay for the quest!"

"OK!"

Qin Qin Sheng gestured with his finger in a universal international gesture and said, "Even if we part ways after today, I still have my principles after receiving money and helping others resolve their problems. I can't make any promises, but I can guarantee that I will do my best to deal with it!"

After he said that, Qin Sheng waited for a few seconds. When he saw that no one spoke, he continued, "After all, we are facing a god. Since the System has given us this mission, it means that we have a chance to complete it. From the looks of it, either the Goddess of Snow's strength has degenerated to a level that we can deal with, or there are other hidden conditions that can trigger our abilities, or there are reinforcements like Zhang Daoming when facing the Lich of the Undead…"

Qin Luo said seriously, "Leave the battle to me. As for the rest, I'll leave it to you guys. I believe that with your intelligence, you should be able to detect some clues!"

"Do my best!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "The battlefield is yours, we will analyze the external factors!"

"That's good!"

Qin Luo nodded, then said, "Since that's the case, let's rest for a while first. We'll set off in ten minutes. There's still quite a bit of time before the mission, so there's no need to rush!"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng found a corner and stayed there alone. He ate buns to replenish his hunger while waiting for his skill to cool down!

…

Ten minutes later!

Qin Sheng, who had finished repairing himself, glanced at the four girls from the Primrose Militia. With a nod from the leader of the Primrose Militia, he turned around and took the lead to step onto the last step towards the Ice Snow Shrine!

The sixth level!

It was still the same scene that hadn’t changed in ten thousand years. Everything was a vast hall made of ice crystals!

This level was the same as the fifth level. There were no fish monsters on this level.

Qin Luo Sheng boldly led the way. After walking for a few minutes, they finally reached the end of the first floor.

"Young warrior, why have you trespassed into our temple?"