Chapter 508: Lie Down!

"I was too careless!"

Qin Qin Sheng was frustrated, but there was nothing he could do.

In the previous situation, he had been confined by the Goddess of Snow's domain. He had the ability to go head-on against the Goddess of Snow, but he was unable to unleash even the slightest bit of his power. He had almost vomited from disgust.

How could Qin Luo Sheng accept such an aggrieved death?

Besides!

This Snow Goddess was so strange. As a god, who knew if being killed by her was an ordinary death or if there was another punishment?!

It was fine if it was a normal death, but even if it was painful to lose some equipment at the same level, it was still bearable!

But what if?

What if it wasn't an ordinary death penalty?

He dropped three levels, five levels, and even returned to his original form…

He had lost three pieces of equipment, all his equipment, and even his backpack…

Who could accept this?

Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to bet!

To start all over again, these four words were insignificant, but the pain and heartache contained within these four words was unimaginable!

Except.

So what if he couldn't accept it?

They were meat on someone's chopping board.

In the face of the Snow Goddess's unreasonable domain, he was truly helpless!

After all.

This was not a difference in strength, but a difference in level!

The other party used the power of law, but you f*cking carried a sword and slashed at him?

In comparison—

It was like a fully armed modern warrior with a gun, pistol, army knife, and other equipment. He was fighting a primitive man who did not even have a metal weapon but only held a wooden club and wore a grass skirt…

How could they be compared?

This was f*cking fun?

But what could a "primitive man" do?

If he wanted to compare himself with the Goddess of Ice, the "modern warrior", then the first condition was that he needed the same equipment and props as her. At least, he could not lose out on this external factor. Otherwise, he would still have to compete in balls. He would go home to wash up and sleep!

What was the power of law that could deal with the Snow Goddess?

Or rather…

What did Qin Luo Sheng have?

Nothing else.

There was only one—

The [Death God's Embrace] that contained the power of Death and could summon Death's consciousness!

Through the Blessing of Starlight, the [Death God's Embrace] was upgraded to the maximum. This way, it could provide the will of the Death God with the energy to descend and summon it.

This was…

The only way to break out of this situation!

Fortunately!

Qin Luo had made the right bet.

Except.

A lost east corner, a harvested mulberry tree!

The Death God had been summoned, and the Ice Goddess' death trap had been broken. However, even more trouble had arrived.

The threat of a wolf was gone. What should he do with a tiger more terrifying than a wolf?

The Snow Goddess only wanted his little life, while the Death God not only wanted his little life, but also wanted to wipe out his body and soul in one go. He was so greedy!

This…

D, my head hurts!

"Get to work!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was cold, not giving the Grim Reaper any face at all.

This shocked the Snow Goddess.

This man.

How fierce!

Isn't this too forceful?

He actually dared to be so impolite to such a great existence. Was he a big shot?

Indeed.

An existence that could easily go to a place like the Dragon God Temple, an existence that could summon the current him, how could he be an ordinary human?

Damn it!

Pretending to be a pig to eat the tiger.

This was an extremely despicable trick.

However, she really fell for it.

Now.

There was nothing left to play.

Completely GG.

Even the domain formed by his own power of law was completely corroded, becoming nutrients for other people's domain. It was equivalent to a swap of identities. The hunter became the prey, the prey became the hunter.

What could he do?

Damn it!

"…"

Qin Sheng, who was frantically thinking about targeting the Lyb Goddess, did not pay the slightest bit of attention to the Goddess of Ice, who was no longer a threat. Naturally, he did not see her responsible expression, nor could he guess her current mental state.

Or else.

He was definitely going crazy.

Sister!

Aren't you thinking too much?

Imagination?

"Brat, you haven't changed at all! Jejejejeje…"

In the face of Qin Sheng's rudeness, the grim reaper did not get angry. Instead, he gave him a meaningful look and started laughing weirdly again.

"This bastard!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but grit his teeth in anger.

He knew.

He had been exposed!

The reason why he was so irrational and targeted the Grim Reaper with cold words was because he was pretending to be guilty.

That's right.

He was afraid!

At the end of the day, he was just a loser. Even though he had become more daring and learned a lot in the game world, he was still the same.

Now.

How could he not panic when facing a big shot like Death?

In particular, this big shot had clearly expressed that he was interested in his body and soul and was constantly thinking about possession. He was even wearing the other party's magical equipment. Perhaps he had been living under the surveillance of the other party all along. If he did not tremble in fear, he would f*cking call him a warrior!

"Humans are always so interesting. Even if they know that they are doomed to eternal damnation, they will step into the abyss without hesitation for the sake of their beliefs and so-called protection!"

The God of Death looked at Qin Sheng with a burning gaze. It was the gaze of a high-level deity, and it made Qin Sheng feel as if his soul was about to freeze.

Fortunately.

It came and went quickly.

The God of Death's gaze only lasted for a second before he shifted it away. He laughed wildly and said, "I have experienced hundreds of millions of years and am used to seeing the changes in the world. I have never misjudged, especially the human race. None of them can escape from my grasp. Just you wait. I will wait for you. One day, you will personally dedicate yourself to me. You want to obtain power and completely destroy this filthy and disgusting hypocritical world!"

-6750000!

Swish!

It sounded like a mirror shattering.

The energy of the snow temple, which had been enveloped in darkness and corroded, collapsed, and the Death Barrier formed by it shattered into pieces, gradually disappearing.

The Ice Snow Shrine had returned!

Qin Luo Sheng, the Snow Goddess, and the Bloody Rose had also returned!

Or rather…

They had never left.

Except.

As the Death Barrier spread out, it corroded the ice and snow Barrier, as if it had brought them into an alternate dimension, passing through time and space, giving them an illusion.

"Ice Goddess, die!"

The pressure was released and his body relaxed.

The consciousness of the God of Death appeared and crushed the Ice Goddess in a domineering manner. Not only did it destroy the Ice Goddess' domain, but it also triggered the effect that should have been triggered.

Even though he had the Dragon's Might effect earlier and reduced the Snow Goddess's attributes by 20%, according to the effect of [Death God's Embrace], the debuff skills could not overlap.

Therefore…

It seemed like the two skills combined had weakened all attributes by 110%, enough to instantly kill the Snow Goddess. However, in reality, it was only 90% debuff.

In other words.

At this moment, the Goddess of Snow only had 10% of her stats at her peak. Her health points were the same!