Chapter 506: You Will Regret It!

Once the dragon might was unleashed, who could stand against it!

This effect.

It was instantaneous!

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance and heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the Snow Goddess's attributes had indeed decreased by 20% without any discrepancies.

Even though he still had 80,000 points of magical attack power, Qin Sheng wasn't that bad either!

With so many augmentation skills, he was practically a superman now!

Especially with the blessing of the Flower Goddess, which increased her resistance to ice, the Snow Goddess's damage would be greatly reduced. In addition to wearing the Lily Brooch and 100% increase in all attributes, her Health Points would increase by 200%. She should be able to withstand this level, at least, she would not be instakilled!

"What a pity!"

After comparing his stats with the Snow Goddess, Qin Sheng sighed. "I'm not at Level 40 yet. Otherwise, with the Duality Dao Sword and the Glazed Daoist Robe, would I still be afraid of this woman? Even if I don't hang her up and hammer her, I can at least be fearless. When I stick close to her, I'll madly attack! (Funny??? Something's wrong with you)"

"Hmph!"

Looking at Qin Luo's sudden and violent charge, the Goddess of Ice stood where she was without the slightest intention of dodging, her eyes revealing a trace of mockery.

What was going on?

Qin Qin Sheng was very confused!

This guy!

If my eyes weren’t playing tricks on me and I wasn’t mistaken, this should be a Magician type boss, right?

Look again…

That's right!

It was like this!

No matter how you looked at it, the Snow Goddess was a mage!

But why?

Why did she ignore me as a warrior?

This didn't make sense!

Even if he was a god, the attributes of his interface were there. Other than his health and mana, I could not catch up to him. The rest had already been surpassed by me.

Icy Snow Goddess, how dare she look down on me? No, it should be said that she ignored me. How dare she ignore me?

"How arrogant!"

Qin Sheng, who had unleashed his full power and unleashed his full power, was actually being ignored in such a manner. He was so angry that he started laughing instead. Looking at the icy goddess's indifferent and unconcerned expression, he was furious to the extreme. "Very good! Continue to maintain your pride as a god and maintain this arrogance. Later on, Daddy will teach you how to be a human and let you know what manners are!"

However!

Qin Sheng did not wait for Qin Luo's "grand ambition" to be carried out. When he got within ten meters of the Snow Goddess and was about to activate "Instant Slash" to close the distance in a second, the Snow Goddess, who had not moved at all, opened her lips and spat out a cold voice that resounded throughout the entire Ice Snow Shrine.

“Mortal ants, filthy, how could they be worthy of touching our lofty gods?—Snow God Domain, activate!”

In an instant.

Qin Luo, whose speed had already risen to five digits, suddenly felt an indescribable energy rise up. Beside him, no, it should be said that the entire Ice Shrine filled every inch of space here.

"What is this?"

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked.

In just the blink of an eye, his five-digit speed seemed to have been completely sealed. Even though there was no change in his surroundings, it was as if he was bound by something. His entire body froze on the spot, and he maintained his mad running posture, unable to move at all.

"It's useless. This is my God's Domain. In this Divine Temple, I will control everything. An ant like you, no matter how strong you are, you will never be able to break free from my domain without the power of laws!"

The Snow Goddess floated past calmly and came to stand before Qin Sheng. Her pair of azure blue eyes appeared exceptionally beautiful under her white eyelashes.

Unfortunately…

Too cold!

This woman!

He was like an ice sculpture. He had no emotions, and his heart was as cold as ice. He rarely revealed his emotions.

Maybe.

Her gentleness and smile would only bloom for that man called Shui Sheng!

She, who once had godhood and human nature, had lost her humanity forever in that place in Tear Snow Village. Now, only godhood remained!

Who could they blame?

Qin Luo Sheng sighed.

It was really hard to tell who was right and who was wrong when all the grudges were tangled together. He could only say that fate was unpredictable!

"F*ck!"

Qin Sheng's mind spun furiously. In an instant, his thoughts were sent flying. However, he soon came to his senses and wished he could give himself a tight slap. It was already so late, yet he was still letting his imagination run wild!

"So beautiful!"

Looking at the icy goddess up close, Qin Luo's heart involuntarily swayed. Even though he knew that he could not waver or fall into a trap, he still could not resist his inner heart and his instincts as a normal man.

"That disgusting look!"

Qin Qin Sheng was feeling great. He could see the true goddess's face up close and could even feel her breathing, hear her heartbeat, and smell her body fragrance. But to the goddess of ice and snow, this was a genuine offense and blasphemy!

"As expected, apart from Shui Sheng, none of you human males are good!"

The Goddess of Snow's face turned even colder on the spot. She looked at Qin Sheng, her eyes filled with killing intent. "You remind me of those ants who overestimate themselves, who covet me, have evil intentions, and want to blaspheme the gods!"

Qin Sheng:…

That's enough!

How dare he call himself an ant?

Let go of me if you have the guts. Come and fight me one on one!

MLGBD!

You used the cheat to restrict me, and now you dare to talk big in front of me?

If you don't have this bullsh * t domain, try approaching me and I'll beat you up so badly that even your mother won't recognize you!

"Go!"

The Snow Goddess was immune to Qin Sheng's fiery gaze. Without even batting an eyelid, she stretched out her slender hand, and a flower formed from pure white ice crystals appeared. It looked absolutely beautiful and flawless, but in reality, it contained a fatal killing intent. "I will abide by your wishes. I will only kill your corporeal body and not your soul. Remember, in your next life, you must not meddle in other people's business or provoke enemies that you cannot afford to offend!"

"Do you really think that you have me under your thumb?"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the Goddess of Ice who was right in front of him. Suddenly, a sly and strange smile appeared on his lips.

“Oh?”

The Goddess of Ice and Snow's hand froze. She did not throw the ice crystal snowflakes that were currently floating above her palm. Instead, she looked at Qin Sheng quietly and said indifferently, "Could it be that you still have some tricks up your sleeve that can break this situation? Since that's the case, then use them! I want to see just how capable a human who possesses such pure True Dragon blood is!"

Are you looking down on me?

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep look at the fearless goddess of ice and snow. He took a deep breath and said seriously—

"You will regret it!"