Chapter 503: Why Did You Defame Her Innocence From Nothing?

“Really?”

Upon hearing Qin Sheng's words, the Goddess of Snow's expression changed slightly. "She's old too!"

At this moment, the Snow Goddess was feeling extremely complicated.

She knew very well.

Who was the main culprit behind Yu Nu's death!

That's right!

It was her!

She did not feel the slightest bit guilty about what happened in the Tear Snow Village!

It was those people’s greed that destroyed the past Birdsong Village, also destroying themselves, even implicating their descendants!

As the price for offending a god, just this was already considered her showing mercy.

However…

Only Yu Nu could not remain calm!

Back then, it was her intervention that ruined Yu Nu's life.

This was an indisputable fact.

She could not deceive herself!

Because of this, when facing Yu Nu, her best friend, best sister, and the person she let down the most, she stopped. She didn’t destroy the village that had turned into a dead end, nor did she kill all the villagers who had caused her to live a lonely life!

"Human, you are very smart!"

The Goddess of Ice and Snow returned to her original appearance very quickly. She looked at Qin Sheng expressionlessly and said coldly, "For the sake of Yu Nu, I won't bicker with you. Leave quickly!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

What exactly happened?

Weren't they fine just now?

Why the f*ck did you turn against me in the blink of an eye?

Remembrance?

Where was the guilt?

Where was the amnesty?

So you just recalled it like this and instantly returned to normal, or was it that ‘the flood that overflowed into the sky, what does it have to do with me 'attitude, and did not spare the village that had been tortured for decades because of Old Granny Yu Nu?

Tsk!

"Goddess, I…"

Was he leaving just like that?

Naturally not.

Even though he felt that something bad was about to happen, Qin Sheng still braced himself and stared at the icy goddess's gaze, which seemed to be able to freeze someone to death, and boldly spoke.

Unfortunately.

Before Qin Sheng could finish speaking, the Snow Goddess interrupted him without the slightest hesitation. "Jade Slave is a witch, and the Flower Goddess's worshipper. All of you also possess the power of the Flower Goddess. Looks like that fellow finally couldn't hold back and wanted to make a move on me?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

What nonsense was this?

Attack you?

How can you sully someone's innocence?

Alright!

I am indeed going to attack you!

But aren't we talking now?

Since you still have feelings for each other and haven't forgotten about Yu Nu, you can still talk normally. If you don't start a fight right away, it means that both parties can talk. In that case, why don't you find a good solution?

The people of Snow Tear Village indeed deserved to die!

Still.

That was only the generation of the previous generation and Shuisheng who deserved to die. How innocent were the juniors?

They had indeed made a mistake, but that was not an unforgivable mistake. After decades of torture, other than Granny Jade Slave who had the protection of the Flower Goddess, the rest of the people of that generation had basically all died under the heavy blows of the ice and snow, right?

Even…

Not many of the aquatic descendants were still alive.

After all, it had been decades.

Based on the lifespan of humans, this was about it.

Besides.

In such a difficult environment, not only did he lack clothes and food, but he also lost all hope. It was enough to drive people crazy, and his lifespan would definitely be shorter.

Maybe.

The Tear Snow Village had already changed for three or four generations. Other than the Jade Slave granny, the rest of the villagers were all young people!

"You're right!"

After listening to Qin Luo's "sincere advice", the Snow Goddess said expressionlessly, "Those ants that once harmed me are indeed all dead. Other than Yu Nu, no one else remembers that there was once a fool who was even more innocent than Xue who once lived in that village. It was this fool who destroyed their home and killed countless of their ancestors."

An idiot even more innocent than snow?

Hearing that!

Qin Luo could not help but feel his scalp go numb!

This motherf*cker, looks like the negotiations have fallen through!

"Perhaps, from your perspective and the laws of the human race, this is enough, or even too much!"

As expected, the Icy Snow Goddess's tone changed as her entire body emitted a cold aura. She said in a cold tone, "However, to Gods, how could they tolerate the offense of mortals? Furthermore, what they offended was not only the dignity of Gods, but also the heart of a God!”

Qin Luo was silent!

This was difficult!

Thinking about it from another perspective, even if it was him, he would definitely be like the Snow Goddess. No, he would definitely be more overboard than the Snow Goddess.

Could it be!

Was he going to give up on this mission just like that?

Qin Qin Sheng was a little indignant, but he was not a random piece of trash that had been standing up again. He could not do what he had been boasting about not long ago. In the next second, he slapped himself in the face and became a double standard dog!

Besides.

His morals would not allow him to do so!

Even if this was a game and this plot was merely a story written by a program planner, the belief in his heart could not deceive him. He could not use this reason to deceive others. If he could deceive everyone in the world, could he deceive his own heart?

"In that case, we shall take our leave!"

Qin Luo had no choice but to retreat.

He had no choice.

This mouth of his failed to escape, he could not speak!

Facing a god, could it be that you still dare to fight head-on?

Probably.

In the segment of the mission, it involved persuading the Snow Goddess, right?!

He couldn’t.

Naturally, he could not allow the Goddess of Snow to waver and cause a chain reaction.

Since that was the case…

To fight against a god with his own body, wasn't "forcing himself onto a bow" courting death?

So—

I should take advantage of the fact that I haven’t completely offended him and slip away. Otherwise, I might not be able to escape unscathed. I might have to leave something behind. Perhaps it’s a grade, equipment, or something else…

But no matter which one it was, Qin Sheng's heart ached.

In any case, this quest did not belong to him and he had already tried his best. His conscience was clear and at most, Sanguine Primrose did not want the rest of the money. This was already the greatest form of mercy!

"Are you thinking of leaving now? It's too late!"

Yet.

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to leave, but the Snow Goddess refused.

"My mercy does not always exist!"

The Goddess of Ice's cold eyes seemed to contain an apathy that could freeze everything into pieces. She floated high up in the air and looked down at Qin Luo Sheng and the four ladies of the Blood Rose. Her voice was filled with a biting cold killing intent as it filled the entire magnificent and splendid Divine Temple. "I asked you to leave just now because of Yu Nu. Unfortunately, you rejected me. Now, you who possess the power of the Flower Goddess have intruded into my Divine Temple. This is already a declaration of war."

As he spoke.

A boundless might burst forth from the Snow Goddess.

In an instant.

The wind howled and the temperature plummeted.

Qin Luo and the others felt as if they had fallen into an icehouse. Even with the blessings of the Flower Goddess, they still felt extremely cold. Not only their bodies, but even their bones, bloodlines, and even their souls were about to be frozen into pieces!