Chapter 505: Snow Goddess (Shadow)

"Black Dragon King? Long Yuan?”

The Ice Goddess's body suddenly trembled, and for the first time, a serious expression appeared on her face.

The dragon race had been synonymous with power since ancient times.

The Black Dragon Clan was a branch of the dragon clan. In terms of physical body, they were superior to the other branches of the dragon clan. And the Black Dragon King was definitely the strongest person of the Black Dragon Clan.

But now, the man before her, whom she had viewed as an ant, whom she had thought had been bewitched by the Flower Goddess, had turned from an ant into a dragon in the blink of an eye.

This terrifying might!

This terrifying power!

Coupled with the supreme dragon blood that even she was slightly fearful of!

She believed him!

She really believed that this guy really wanted to fight the Black Dragon King.

However!

So what?

Even at her peak, she could not match up to the Black Dragon Dragon. However, as the Goddess of Ice, how could she lose her dignity?

What was there to be afraid of?

"Do you want me to be your whetstone?"

Even the ice goddess, whose heart was like ice crystals and who would not be easily angered, was angered by Qin Sheng at this moment. Who was he looking down on by using her as a whetstone and a detector?

"That depends on whether you have the qualifications!"

"Are you qualified?"

Qin Luo grinned once more. "Who knows?"

"Sirius!"

The image of a giant wolf appeared, its howls shaking the heavens and earth. The Ravenous Wolf Star in the sky released endless starlight, shining through layers of space onto Qin Sheng's body.

In an instant.

The sun and moon birthmark on Qin Luo's hands seemed to be filled with energy as they shone brightly.

"Leopard Tu!"

Immediately after.

A gigantic shadow of a divine leopard appeared behind Qin Sheng's back. Its robust figure and explosive body moved slightly and moved as fast as lightning. It was as if it had traversed through the endless galaxy and was walking over.

"Sacred Flame!"

The golden flames were filled with a sacred aura. Qin Sheng's body was suddenly ignited.

Yet.

This flame did not possess any lethality. Qin Sheng, who was wrapped in it, not only did not feel any pain, he did not feel any burning sensation. Instead, he felt as if he was in a hot spring. His entire body felt warm and comfortable.

"How is it?"

Qin Luo Sheng stretched out his arms and felt the extreme power that filled his body. It was a terrifying power that he had not even experienced when dealing with the Lich of the Undead. He looked at the Goddess of Snow and said with a faint smile, "Now, am I qualified to challenge you? Goddess!"

"Bastard!"

Even the ice goddess whose heart was as still as water was infuriated by Qin Sheng's rudeness and arrogance.

"The difference between mortals and gods is something you can never imagine."

Looking at Qin Luo's triumphant performance, the Snow Goddess's willowy eyebrows trembled slightly as she snorted disdainfully. "No matter how strong you are, no matter how strong you are, mortals are still mortals in the end. The power that you control is completely different from mine!"

Is that so?

Not the same dimension?

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Why did he make it sound so obscure?

Wasn't it just the power of laws?

If he really thought that he had come into contact with some superficial ice-elemental laws and called himself the Snow Goddess, then he really was a god!

You are just a stronger mage who has comprehended the laws of ice!

God?

Far from it!

Even when Long Yuan was mentioned, his face was full of shock. How could a god be like this?

F*ck you!

He ~ tui!

“Really?”

Disdain filled his heart, but on the surface, Qin Luo Sheng remained expressionless. He did not show any emotion at all. He merely raised both his hands and raised both swords as he said loudly, "Please… enlighten me!"

Swish!

Strike first!

The enhancement time was precious, but Qin Sheng would not waste it. He took the lead and launched an attack. His body was like an arrow released from a bowstring as he dashed forward at a high speed. His target was the ice goddess that stood there like an ice sculpture!

Probing skill!

[Snow Goddess (Shadow) (Enhanced Epic Boss)]

Level: 40

Health: 7,500,000

Mana: 12000000

Physical Attack: 8000

Magic Attack: 100,000

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 2800

Skills:???

Introduction:???

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Do you have a question mark?

Did I f*cking not?

Qin Luo Sheng almost went blind!

What kind of barren object did this detection spell detect?

He vomited…

Level 40 Enhanced Epic BOSS, Health Points: 7.5 million, Mana Points: 12 million?

Ignoring physical attacks, what was a demonic attack?

100,000 points?

I can go to NMLGBD!

Damn system!

Was he not a human again?

The most shameless thing was that the introduction, which had never been wrong before, showed three question marks on the Snow Goddess!

What?!

Is this your daughter?

He had to hide information!!!

If I don't give her any information, how am I going to find an opening? Do I really have to kill this woman head-on?

You probably want to eat it!

[S-rank quest, you forced me to become an SS-rank quest!

Can you be any more shameless?

"However, it is not entirely without information!"

Qin Luo Sheng dashed forward like a mad dog while staring at the word 'Ying' behind the Goddess of Snow. His expression changed.

Shadow!

What did this mean?

Could it be…

The ice goddess before her was not her real body?!!

Right!

No wonder he felt that something was amiss.

How could the existence that was able to fight with an unknown fire element god and cause a natural disaster that almost destroyed the snowy peak of Tear Mountain be so weak?!

If it was not the true body of the Snow Goddess, then everything made sense.

"But even if it's not the main body, isn't this attribute too f*cking strong?"

Qin Luo Sheng was filled with bitterness. "Just based on the intensity of the battle, there's no discount at all. Not only that, there's even a restriction here. There can only be five people, and the Flower Goddess Blessing is only a little bit of amplification. F*ck!"

Was this an S-rank mission?

It was indeed very s * * * *!

I got it!

"Dragon Might!"

-1,500,000!

Initially, he had planned to use this skill, which could reduce 20% of his attributes, as his trump card. After all, for an existence like the Goddess of Snow, the explosion of 10% health would definitely be devastating.

Except.

This was f * * king not giving him a chance!

Qin Sheng, who had many augmentation skills, had no confidence in fighting against a level 40 Epic BOSS in his original form.

Everything else was fine, but that terrifying 100,000 points of magic damage was simply nerve-wracking.

Who could withstand this!

100,000 magic damage points!

Based on the current magical defense of this weakling, would he lose half his life if he touched it?

Scared! Scared!

I should reduce 20% of all attributes and 20,000 magic damage first.

Otherwise…

How could he concentrate on the battle when he was scared of being insta-killed?