Chapter 509: Snow Goddess (Evil)

The Snow Goddess had 7.5 million total health points!

10%!

Which meant—

750,000!

Slash!

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes glowed with a green light. Without the restriction of the ice and snow domain, the Goddess of Ice had approached him again, giving him the best opportunity now.

Victory was in sight.

Qin Sheng had paid such a huge price, how could he miss such an opportunity?

The [Coiling Dragon Water] glowed with an azure blue light. Enveloped by the golden flames of the Holy Flame, it thrust forward brazenly, piercing towards the Snow Goddess who was caught off guard!

-8,4020!

A massive yellow damage floated above the Goddess of Snow's head.

One strike!

On the Goddess of Snow, who only had 10% of her attributes, she dealt almost 900,000 damage.

Current Health Points: 75W +!

Damage Dealt: 88W +!

Damage Perfection, 1300 +!

The Snow Goddess did not even make a sound. Her body, which was originally tensed up and ready to escape, did not manage to dodge Qin Luo's quick descent. Having emptied her health bar, her body softened and she slowly lay on the ground.

Buzz…

Yet.

Just as the Goddess of Snow’s lifeless body was about to touch the ground, the entire Ice Goddess Shrine suddenly erupted with light. Countless azure rays of light gathered towards the Goddess of Snow’s ‘corpse’ as if they had agreed upon it.

Tsk!

Qin Sheng, who was standing at the side, was pushed again by the incomparably powerful water element, leaving the Goddess of Snow completely!

"I f*cking knew that these BOSSes are more cunning than the other!"

At the risk of being possessed, he had even summoned the God of Death. Victory was already in his hands, yet at this moment, he could only watch helplessly as the fruits of victory flew away. Qin Sheng almost stomped his feet in anxiety. "Dog R system, this is too much. Could it be that every single powerful Boss in the later stages will come back to life? Without one or two resurrection skills, it's too embarrassing to come out and meet people, right?"

Energy gathered!

Light flashed!

As a god, how could he not have a trump card?

Besides.

This was their home ground.

Even the Undead Lich could revive and increase his strength with the help of the Moon God's magical equipment, the Moon God Stone. Even if the Snow Goddess was far from being comparable to the Moon God, she was still a big shot who had comprehended the power of law and had the home ground advantage. Reviving was naturally not a problem.

Still.

This was Qin Luo's suffering.

An insane Epic BOSS could only be killed by hacking.

After reviving, without the God of Death's checks and suppression, could he still play?

Besides.

From the looks of it, it seemed like it wasn't just reviving, but reviving and becoming stronger.

Damn you!

I'm going to fucking puke!

Indeed.

Qin Luo was right.

The azure blue elements gathered on the Goddess of Ice's body, causing her aura to become stronger by more than a little. Her originally calm and otherworldly appearance also underwent a huge change.

The graceful and elegant dress was gone, replaced by a blue magic robe that was extremely gorgeous and filled with indescribable elemental energy.

Her extremely snow-white skin was still snow-white. However, on this snow-white flawless skin, there were all sorts of deep blue patterns that looked like runes.

He couldn't see his body clearly, but he could see Qin Sheng's forehead very clearly.

An azure snowflake mark!

Just like a speck of cinnabar.

Not only did it make the Snow Goddess appear even more divine, it also made her appear even more cold and elegant!

"Could this guy really be resurrected and evolved?"

Qin Luo trembled slightly.

Feeling the energy fluctuations coming from the Goddess of Ice, which were even more intense than before, he wanted to cry.

What he was afraid of came true!

What the f*ck!

Probing skill!

[Snow Goddess (Evil) (Legendary Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 28000000

Physical Attack: 13,500

Magic Attack: 180,000

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 40,000

Speed: 3,500

Skills:???

Introduction:???

[Current Status: Enraged]

Qin Sheng:…

Damn it!

I knew it!

I knew it!

I may not be human, but System, you are a real dog.

In terms of hacking, I really can't compare to the big boss of the system.

At least.

I still have some shame. As for the dog system—

Face?

What was that!

Can it be eaten?

Damn it!

Manpower?

Epic instantly became a legend. I won't say anymore!

It was slightly understandable.

She was a goddess after all!

This bit of face had to be given. It was only a legend, not directly soaring to the Mythical stage. Not bad!

Besides.

The level hadn't changed!

It was still level 40, but only suppressed by five levels. Very good!

However…

His attributes nearly doubled???

This was unacceptable.

Just now, he could still find an excuse to selectively ignore the fact that this was only a level 30 Second Stage Professional quest. No matter how strong the BOSS was, it should not exceed the level of a player by more than 10 levels.

And now?

What other excuse could he find?

Find a hammer!

Dog System.

Watch my mouth—

Ganniang!

"This is fucking over!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked sorrowful.

Without the weakening of the dragon's might,

Without [Death's Gaze] weakening,

Even if he went all out, he really didn't have any confidence when he was facing the Goddess of Snow, who had extraordinary superpowers on the surface. If she was still at the Epic stage, she might still have a chance. However, this fellow had already evolved to the Legendary stage. There was really nothing to play with.

GG!

Disperse!

No chance!

Game On.

!

"It's finally—liberated!"

The Goddess of Snow, who had opened her eyes again, had her indifferent gaze disappeared, replaced by extreme madness and… evil?

"Do you really think that you can rest easy after sealing me?"

The Goddess of Ice laughed maniacally with a sinister expression. "I told you a long time ago that it would be extremely foolish to waste your divine power for an ant. Today is the day of my rise."

Qin Sheng:…

Who will tell me?

What exactly happened?

What was the Snow Goddess doing?

Was he acting alone?

"Human, thank you very much. If not for you, I would have to spend a lot of time to break the seal!"

After racking her brains, the Snow Goddess turned her head to look at Qin Sheng. She broke into a smile, and in a split second, it was like a hundred flowers blooming and a snow lotus blooming—beautiful beyond compare.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, felt his entire body turn cold.

Because.

The eyes of the Snow Goddess revealed a cold, merciless, cruel, and ruthless expression that sent shivers down his spine.

If the Goddess of Snow just now was only indifferent, it was only cold, indifferent to everything!

But what about the current Ice Goddess?

His emotions were showing!

His expression also became much richer!

However…

That was pure evil!

It was as if there was nothing but destruction, destruction, and slaughter.

No wonder.

No wonder this fellow had to add the word 'evil' behind it!

"This is really going to be difficult!"