Chapter 502: Finally, We Meet The Goddess Of Snow (3)

"Young warrior, why have you trespassed into our temple?"

Just as Qin Luo was searching for the guardian BOSS of this floor with a 90% chance of being the Snow Goddess, a bone-chilling, ethereal voice suddenly entered his ears. That deep and cold tone seemed to be able to freeze even his soul. He could not help but shiver from head to toe.

He turned around.

He saw…

A gorgeous beauty in a snow-white dress descended from the sky accompanied by endless snowflakes. She looked like a deity. The suppression that stemmed from a high-level dimensional lifeform and energy made people unable to even think of resisting.

"This is the Snow Goddess?"

Qin Luo was stunned.

This feeling was unprecedented!

She was a true god, a true fairy, not like the black hair or the crimson rose, a fairy!

It was impossible to imitate that aura!

"I came here for the matter of Tear Snow Village!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and bit the tip of his tongue, expelling the shock and lust in his mind and forcing himself to calm down. Only then did he raise his head and look at the incomparably stunning, kingdom-toppling, and perfect face of the Snow Goddess. He swallowed his saliva without leaving a trace and then said, "I wonder if Goddess still remembers, Witch Jade Slave!"

"Yu Nu?"

Originally, when she heard the words "Snow Tear Village", the Snow Goddess' expression suddenly changed. Her originally cold and flawless face slightly twisted. It was obvious that Qin Sheng had touched upon her taboo. However, just as she was about to make things difficult for him, Qin Sheng hurriedly said a name, causing her to instantly quiet down.

"Is she alright?"

He had made the right bet!

Qin Sheng could not help but wipe the cold sweat off his forehead as he looked at the frozen goddess who had stabilized.

Almost!

He was so close!

Still.

This was something that could not be helped.

The Snow Goddess was a god after all, so how could she waste too much time talking nonsense with you? If she didn’t directly cut to the chase, she was digging her own grave.

Since the matter of the Snow Goddess's Tear Snow Village had already developed to such an extent, ordinary gentle methods would have no effect at all. It would definitely not work without heavy medicine!

If he used a heavy medicine, it would definitely cause the Snow Goddess to feel pain that she was unwilling to face. At that time, the negotiations would definitely fall apart. And the only person that could possibly stabilize the Snow Goddess was a person, or perhaps a name—

Jade Slave!

Witch Maiden Jade Slave, who was also the old granny who had received them at the Tear Snow Village, had not entered the Divine Temple to serve the Flower God. She was the lover of the Snow Goddess, the childhood sweetheart and fiancée of the man called Shui Sheng!

Back then.

It was also precisely because of Yu Nu's existence that the Goddess of Snow, who originally wanted to directly destroy the entirety of the Tear Snow Village and turn everyone in the village into ice sculptures, finally stopped her desire to kill and instead turned the Tear Snow Village into a land of ice and snow. Moreover, she sealed all the passageways with the outside world as punishment.

"She's fine!"

After wiping his cold sweat, Qin Sheng felt the icy cold gaze of the Goddess of Snow. It was clearly an ordinary gaze, but it made him feel as though he was being stared at by a prehistoric beast. It was the gaze of a high-level life form, just like how humans looked at ants!

"However, as a human, Grandma Yu Nu is already old. With her body, I reckon…"

Qin Luo Sheng answered honestly. In the face of a god, he did not dare to have any thoughts of lying.

Except.

He could not deceive them, but he could mix them with his personal goods!

He did not know how many Qin Shengsheng were capable of stirring the innermost feelings of the Goddess of Ice and Snow, but in his knowledge, the only one he could come into contact with was the Jade Slave Old Lady. If he did not make use of her, evoking her memories and even guilt, how could he continue to play?

Humans!

They were all nostalgic!

Especially the beautiful memories in the depths of his heart, he would often reminisce about them.

As a god, he was high up in the sky and looked down on all living beings, but he was lonely.

The Ice Maiden was emotionless, and her heart was as clear as ice. Even if the sky collapsed, she would not be alarmed. Her heart was like a pool of stagnant water or frozen into ice. It was impossible for ripples to form!

The Ice Maiden had emotions as well. Once she fell in love, the sky would collapse and the earth would shatter. She would pledge her life to follow him without any regrets. As long as she had someone in her heart, she would be hell-bent on him and never waver for eternity.

Before she met Shui Sheng, before she entered Tear Snow Village, no, it should be called Bird Whisper Village, the Snow Goddess didn't matter. She should be a god, a high and mighty Snow Goddess. No one in the world could move her heart!

However!

After she met Shuisheng and entered the Birdsong Village, she lost her memory. Without her goddess' temperament and memory, she was just an ordinary woman.

It was a wonderful feeling that she had never felt before, a warmth that she had never experienced before, a heartbeat that she had never experienced before… She had experienced it, she had fallen for it!

Regardless of whether it was the warm and peaceful life in Bird Whisper Village, or the fact that it tugged at her heartstrings and stirred up the water in her heart, they were all completely engraved in the depths of her heart and soul, never to be forgotten again.

Except.

Fate seemed to be playing a joke on her.

When there was no power to protect her, wouldn't her goddess-like appearance and temperament attract coveting?

So—

She had lost her memory and was injured. Her divine power was sealed and she could not escape her fate. Before Shui Sheng met her, he had an engagement with his childhood sweetheart.

Thus…

She and Shuisheng were torn apart by those who had ulterior motives.

He had just enjoyed a bit of a beautiful god, but this beauty had turned into an eternal nightmare.

Water is dead!

He was beaten to death in front of her.

His despairing heart was frozen once again.

So what if she regained her memory and her godly power?

In the end!

There was no way to salvage the beauty she had lost, no way to save the person she loved deeply!

The memories of living in Bird Whisper Village!

The days with Shui Sheng!

Everything—

They were all sealed by her, sealed in her already cold and lonely heart. Perhaps they would never be able to thaw their hearts in this lifetime!

However…

In the end, the seal was only a seal and not forgotten.

A name awakened memories from the past.

She could wipe out the entire Tear Snow Village, or even destroy the entire Tear Snow Peak, wiping out everything in the past, but there was only one person she could not!

Jade Slave!

This woman!

If she didn't appear, she would probably spend the rest of her life with Shuisheng, right?

The sun rose, the sun set, men plowing, women weaving, old men growing old together.

It was her!

It was her appearance that made Yu Nu, who should have had a beautiful life, lose everything!

Without a home!

He had lost his family!

No husband!

In fact…

No descendants!

There was no hope!

There was no future!

All of this!

She—

It was the instigator.