Chapter 504: Tool Man? Test My Measure!

"The battle between gods is far crueler than you can imagine! The victor will live, and the loser will die without exception. It's even more cruel than this. Even the soul can never rest in peace!"

The Snow Goddess descended swiftly, her perfect jade-like feet stepping on the crystalline ground that was illuminated by the ice crystals. The reflection of her fair skin and absolute secrets made Qin Sheng instantly salivate.

This, this, this—

Was this the goddess's forbidden land?

Indeed.

How exciting!

What a pity!

Why was this f*cking rainbow palace dress so elegant? Not to mention the long palace veil that was like a cape trailing behind it, it covered her entire body. Besides her jade feet, everything else was covered. Was there any humanity or law?

Who was the designer?

Drag him out and give him a hundred lashes!

Still.

Fortunately, there was a clear ice crystal ground which had a strong reflective force. Even though he did not see the true secret, he could still see the flawlessly fading. If it was a stagnant thigh, that was enough!

Such a beautiful scene!

This trip was not in vain!

It was worth it!

"Back then, when Slave Yu begged me, I let go of Tear Snow Village, and I also let go of the remaining villagers of Tear Snow Village. This is the first favor I've done!"

Qin Sheng lowered his head. The Goddess of Snow could not see the "nowhere to put" look in his eyes, nor did she know that this little man in front of her was admiring her top-secret scenery as a woman. She still said expressionlessly, "Today, Yu Nu asked you to look for me. I let you go. This is the second favor! Now, I will return her the third favor. I will only kill your bodies and not destroy your souls! At this point, I have nothing to do with her!"

Pa! Pa!

Qin Luo gave himself two tight slaps!

Damn it!

What was he thinking?

Had he been single for too long and was about to advance to become a Great Archmagi? Was he unable to walk when he saw a woman?

Still.

You can't blame me for this!

The person before him was a true goddess. Not only in terms of appearance, disposition, identity, and other aspects, she was an absolute goddess.

It was a great fortune to be able to get past her eyes!

Presumably!

Any normal man would not be able to resist such temptation, right?

"Snow Goddess, are you serious?"

After the two slaps, Qin Sheng finally sobered up quite a bit. He hurriedly adjusted his appearance and returned to his expressionless state. Only then did he raise his head and look at the Goddess of Ice. He said coldly, "I also feel that your matter is a pity. I was just entrusted by someone to be loyal. I wanted to leave and see if I could find a peaceful solution, but are you sure you want me to stay?"

"Interesting!"

The Goddess of Snow was stunned for a moment when she saw Qin Sheng's solemn face and the surging fighting spirit in his eyes. Her gaze returned to indifference. "Could it be that you still want to fight me?"

"Why not?"

Qin Luo Sheng spread out his hands, then took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and assumed a battle stance. "Even if you're a god, I'll definitely slaughter a god today! Perhaps I'm overestimating myself, but it's not my style to allow myself to be slaughtered! So what if I'm a god? What's there to be afraid of when I cry my soul!!!"

"Very good!"

A hint of praise appeared in the Ice Goddess' eyes. "You're not the first human to dare to draw your sword at me, but you're the first human who doesn't fear me at all. You're brave! It's a pity…"

"What's a pity?"

Qin Luo asked.

“Unfortunately, you are too weak!”

The Goddess of Ice said coldly, "Do you think that you can compete with a God with a sword with a dragon soul and a military soul?"

"No! No! No!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his right index finger and said, "I'm not relying on them!"

“Oh?”

The Snow Goddess’ interest was piqued, and she asked, “Then what is your support?”

"What can I rely on?"

Qin Luo Sheng grinned and raised his thumb. Pointing at himself, he said firmly, "Me!"

The Snow Goddess was stunned!

“Really?”

He was stunned for only an instant. With the Goddess of Ice's temperament, she recovered in the blink of an eye. She looked at Qin Sheng with a strange yet slightly expectant expression. "Then I'd like to see what capabilities the warriors sent to my Ice Goddess Hall have to be able to receive the blessings of the Flower Goddess and use the few divine powers they have now to bless her!"

"Then, you have to watch carefully!"

Qin Luo smiled valiantly and sheathed his sword.

Deep breath.

The next moment—

His aura erupted!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

An illusory snake's shadow was born under his feet. It turned into a green gale and entered Qin Sheng's legs.

“Violent Blood Art!”

Qin Luo Sheng had activated his self-destructing car and lost half of his Health Points before the battle started.

In exchange, Physical Attack increased by 100% within a minute!

"Heart of Courage!"

The Medal of Courage on his chest was emitting specks of light. It was neither gorgeous nor resplendent, but it gave off a feeling of soaring courage!

“Blood Seething!”

The Qi and blood that had just calmed down began to boil once again. To be precise, it began to boil. Qin Sheng also became excited.

“Undying Battle Will!”

Fighting against a god, what kind of opportunity was this?

Qin Qin Sheng's fighting spirit could not withstand the sudden surge!

He—

He was getting excited!

“Dragon Blood Burning Death!”

The blood of the True Dragon churned as Qin Sheng unleashed his violent dragon might. His aura was completely unleashed. He was no longer suppressed by the might of the Goddess of Ice and Snow. Instead, he was on par with her.

“A dragon? A true dragon? No, this bloodline and aura are even higher than a true dragon!”

For the first time, there was a change on the Goddess of Ice’s expressionless face. Her indifferent eyes suddenly constricted, revealing shock and disbelief. “You, who exactly are you?”

"Who am I?"

Qin Luo Sheng grinned and laughed. "You'll find out next! Hahahaha…"

Mad laughter echoed in the Ice Shrine.

From the excitement of boiling blood to the excitement of indestructible fighting spirit to the madness of burning dragon blood.

At this moment, Qin Sheng could no longer control himself.

Fight!

Fight!

Fight!

This was the only thought in Qin Luo's mind right now.

"Snow Goddess, enjoy the best treatment I can give you!"

Qin Luo chuckled. "This is the highest level of respect that no one else has ever received other than that undead lich!!! Half a month later, I still have a battle with the Black Dragon King. Coincidentally, I'll use you as a test today to see what level my strength is at and whether I have the capability!"