Chapter 507: Death'S Return

Regret?

The Snow Goddess's expression turned colder. She appeared to be expressionless, but after Qin Sheng's actions, she could not help but reveal a trace of almost imperceptible mockery!

"Looks like you still haven't understood how big the gap between mortals and gods is!"

The Goddess of Ice said coldly, "That's right. You're just a frog in a well. How could you know how vast the sky is? I was wrong. I actually had expectations for you!"

"You're right!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "The power of gods, no, to be precise, the power of laws is indeed not something a rookie like me who doesn't even have a second stage can understand, let alone break the situation!"

The Snow Goddess frowned!

She really wanted to ask, since you already know, why are you still speaking so arrogantly?

Delay the time of death?

No!

This was totally meaningless!

If he were to delay any longer, he would only be able to delay for a few seconds or ten seconds.

What could he do to survive?

Suffer more humiliation?

"There's nothing I can do!"

Qin Qin Sheng was not deliberately mystifying things. Right now, he was at a disadvantage. If he did not seize the moment, what if the person before him could not endure it and directly killed him? Who would he seek justice from then?

Besides.

Wasting time now was wasting his own time.

The augmentation effect continued bit by bit, quickly fading away!

"However!"

Threads of black qi suddenly seeped out of Qin Luo Sheng's body. His entire person became incomparably treacherous and sinister, like an evil spirit that had crawled out from hell. "Gods and deities, laws are of the same status and power, so there's no difference, right?—Snow Goddess, your domain, watch how I shatter it!"

System…

Qin Luo Sheng roared in his heart.

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

The scene appeared again.

Behind Qin Luo Sheng, a pitch-black door that was filled with the aura of death and foreboding suddenly opened. Waves of mournful ghostly howls instantly filled the ice and snow temple that should have been cold and silent. In just an instant, the beautiful and magnificent ice crystal temple was transformed into a Hell of Avicinaraka filled with death, violence, blood, hatred, and other negative auras!

"This, this is…"

The Ice Goddess shuddered, and her initially calm expression finally changed.

Her eyes widened as she looked at Qin Luo Sheng's Death's Door behind him. It could also be called the Door to Hell. It had become the same as Qin Luo's just now, as if it was bound by some invisible force, unable to move at all.

“What happened? What exactly happened?”

The Snow Goddess almost went crazy.

What was going on?

It was just acting dumb. How did things develop to this stage?

Who exactly was this ant-like man?

First, he unleashed a power that shocked her. His body also contained the blood of a pure True Dragon that she had never heard of before. However, that was not all. Everything was still under control. With the power of laws, dealing with a mere ant was nothing difficult.

However…

Now what?

That black gate that made people feel as if they would be dragged into hell with a single glance, forever unable to turn the situation around. Why was it summoned by a human ant?

What was even more terrifying was not the door, but the existence that came out from the door!

It was an ethereal figure whose face could not be seen clearly. He could only feel it from his body. He could feel the indescribably terrifying might that "He" carried. His entire body was filled with an indescribable pressure.

This feeling.

This was unprecedented!

Obviously.

He was also an existence with the power of gods. Furthermore, his power of gods was stronger than hers!

In other words…

This existence!

He was stronger than her, or rather, he was a level higher than her—God!

"What kind of enemy did I provoke?"

The Snow Goddess could not help but wail in her heart as her body trembled uncontrollably.

"Jie jie jie jie jie…"

The Grim Reaper was summoned. It was even more powerful than the last time. He transformed into a ten-meter tall phantom and lowered his head to look at Qin Sheng and the Snow Goddess who were in a deadlock as if they had been casted by the Immobilization Technique. He let out an ear-piercing and unpleasant laugh. "I didn't misjudge you after all! It has only been a short while since the last Dragon God Hall, yet you've actually provoked an expert who has comprehended the power of law and has half a foot into the Apotheosis realm."

Dragon God Hall?

Even though the Snow Goddess was shocked, she was still conscious.

The words that came out of her mouth seemed to have been struck by lightning, and she froze on the spot.

Dragon God!

That was an ancient god, not someone like her who claimed to be a god but had only comprehended some superficial nomological laws.

Gods were divided into different levels!

Unfortunately.

She belonged to the lowest level.

As for the Dragon God, even if he was not at the highest level, he was definitely a great existence on the second level. She did not even have the qualifications to look up to him. Perhaps he could kill her countless times with just a sneeze.

"Who exactly are you?"

The Goddess of Snow's expression was extremely complicated.

He originally thought that it was just an ant, but he never expected that this fellow was actually a wyrm that hid in the abyss.

How could it be easy to be related to an ancient god like the Dragon God?

As for deception?

He he…

Not to mention this detestable man who was pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger, the terrifying pure blood of a True Dragon contained within his body was capable of completely crushing a stone!

Also!

That terrifying existence who could speak without putting the Dragon God in his eyes and could suppress her without even moving with just his aura, how could she boast and deceive an ignorant weakling like her?

"Cut the crap!"

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows tightly, feeling a little terrified.

Ever since he obtained the [Death God's Embrace], which originally belonged to the Death God and could be called a magical equipment, he had been terrified.

The first time he used it in the Dragon God Temple, he was almost tricked by the God of Death and became his body.

The second time was to deal with the Undead Lich. However, that time, the God of Death did not activate his Spiritual Wisdom. The activation of his skill was just an unconscious illusion. He used his skill and left.

Thus…

It gave Qin Sheng an illusion.

That was, he thought that the Death God could not easily walk out of the Underworld and come to the human world, or that doing so would consume some resources. It was so serious that even the Death God could not easily ignore it.

However!

Unexpectedly, this fellow came again.

Sigh!

I'm really too fucking difficult!