Chapter 515: Flower Goddess Shatters Godhood

"Stubborn fool!"

As a god, the flower goddess was a determined person, so how could she be swayed by the Snow Goddess’ quibbling? Shaking her head slightly, she said coldly, “If that’s the case, then there’s nothing more to say! A devil like you, born from pure evil, wields destruction. Today, I’ll exterminate you here. I won’t allow you to come into being and bring disaster to the world.”

"Hahaha…"

The Snow Goddess of Evil laughed maniacally. “You? You’re just a flower goddess? You couldn’t even withstand the forbidden spell after your body was injured, and you’ve relied on your divine power to survive until now. You’re extremely weak, so how are you going to fight me?”

"You're right!"

The Flower Goddess ignored the Ice Goddess of Evil's taunts. Her expression remained the same as she said indifferently, "All of my abilities are supplementary. My combat ability isn't strong, and I've been stuck in this icy land for so long. My strength is less than 10%, but there's one thing you're far inferior to me!"

“Oh?”

The Snow Goddess of Evil’s eyes narrowed, and she sneered. “Then I want to see what other trump cards you have!”

"The Snow Goddess is so weak. If we were to really fight, she wouldn't be much stronger than a mortal. She's far from being your match. But, why can she suppress you?"

Flower God said, "She's the main body. That's one reason, but more importantly—"

"Godhood!"

The Ice Goddess of Evil answered the question on behalf of the flower goddess. Gritting her teeth, she glared at the flower goddess and said angrily, "Are you going to destroy your own divinity?"

The flower goddess remained silent.

"Hahaha… How bold!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil laughed maniacally. However, apart from admiration, there was also undisguised mockery in her laughter. “Godhood is indeed powerful, but it’s not omnipotent. Even if you detonate your godhood, what can you do to me with your ordinary abilities?”

"Indeed, I can't!"

The Flower God expressionlessly watched the Snow Goddess of Evil smile, her expression resolute and unmoved. Then, she turned her gaze towards the Blood Rose, the elegant plain lotus, the Peony of Allure, the blood-soaked rose, and finally moved onto… Qin Sheng!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What!

Big boss.

All you need to do is talk and treat me like a nobody.

‘ Don’t worry about it.’

He really didn't have to care.

How could we, ordinary people, be rash in the conversation between gods?

"Could it be…"

The Ice Goddess of Evil was shocked by the flower goddess’ gaze. “Are you going to entrust your treasure to this ant?”

Ants?

Upon hearing these two words, Qin Sheng instantly became happy.

Who the hell gave you the courage to say that?

Have you forgotten who was pressing you down so hard that you couldn't even lift your head?

‘ How?’

It was already impressive to evolve into a Legendary BOSS. Now that he was showing off, he didn't even put him in his eyes?

Now.

He was back to his original form, yet he still dared to jump like this?

You probably don't know what's going on.

An Ancient BOSS was so weak?

Not to mention the Flower Goddess, even if she didn't, Xiaoxiao and I could kill you!

Believe it or not?

Believe it or not!

"You don't understand at all!"

The flower goddess suddenly let out a long sigh and looked at the Snow Goddess with pity.

"Don't look at me like that!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil instantly exploded with rage. If it weren't for the fact that she had yet to completely break free from the Ice Crystal Cage created by the Snow Goddess, she would have charged toward the Flower Goddess without any hesitation.

She—

Being an "exotic" person, she hated this kind of look. It made her feel inferior and stimulated her fragile and sensitive nerves that were already covered by evil.

"Perhaps you've forgotten why your original body became like this, and why you were born!"

The Ice Goddess of Evil fell silent.

Why?

Why else?

For a man!

It was because the Snow Goddess had fallen in love with a human male, and the death of this man had caused her temperament to change drastically. As a result, evil thoughts had arisen, giving birth to her!

“Humans are a very strange race!”

There was a soft smile on the flower goddess’ face, and she seemed to be thinking about something.

"It's a pity that you, who was born with darkness in your heart, are born with prejudice. You will never get close to them and experience their contradictory sides.

"Shut up!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil roared, "Humans are greedy, selfish, dirty, and evil. They are more lustful than demons and are more terrifying than evil spirits. Such a race should be completely destroyed."

"You're lying!"

The Flower God said, "You have never come into contact with humans before. The humans you know are only the ones who gathered all the negative emotions when the Snow Goddess gave birth to you. Of course, there is only negative knowledge."

"Indeed. Humans are like you said, but this is not all of humanity. They are kind, gentle, pure, cute, firm, and bright. They also have faith in their hearts. They don't believe in fate, or even God."

"Even though it has only been a few decades, they are even more magnificent than us who have lived for hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of years. They are indomitable, fighting against the heavens, against the earth, against everything. Then, they leave all the beauty that they have fought so hard for to the next generation to inherit. They pass away with smiles, generation after generation, passing on their legacy."

"This is a very impressive spirit. As long as humans still exist, this torch will never go out. It will be immortal! They are really great!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil remained silent!

"Is that… true?"

After a long time, the Snow Goddess of Evil finally spoke. She looked up at the flower goddess and said with a bitter tone, "Are humans really like this?"

"Yes!"

The flower goddess nodded firmly, her eyes sincere.

“Really?”

The Snow Goddess of Evil fell silent. After a long time, she shook her head, and her expression became frenzied once more. “Unfortunately, I don’t have a choice anymore. I’m the Snow Goddess, an evil body born from evil thoughts. Human, my mortal enemy, kill, kill!”

"Sigh!"

The flower goddess couldn’t help but close her eyes, as if she didn’t want to see this.

"It's hard to dispel one's will, and one's will is indestructible!"

The flower goddess' entire body glowed with a neon light, and it was as if her entire body had transformed into light or countless flower petals of different colors. "I hope that one day, you'll be able to personally come into contact with the sunlight outside. Not in this cold, dead world of ice and snow, but in this endless sea of flowers, together with the human you hate and look forward to the most!"

Crack!