Chapter 516: I Am—Super Weeping Soul Beast

Crack!

A crisp voice suddenly rang out from the direction of the flower goddess and Qin Sheng and the others.

The next moment.

The light transformed from the Flower God descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Sheng under everyone's astonished gazes.

"What is this… so warm…"

Qin Luo Sheng closed his eyes. The cold he had felt in the snowy world was instantly dispelled and replaced by indescribable warmth and peace, just like a mother's embrace.

"Ding, you have received the ultimate blessing of the Flower Goddess. Health Points permanently + 100%, Mana Points permanently + 100%, Medicine effect permanently + 30%. Skill acquired: Second-Wood Body, Second-Wood Revival!"

Ding… You have received the ultimate blessing of the Flower Goddess. All attributes + 1000%. Physical Attack + 500%. Magic Attack + 500%. Movement Speed + 500%. Defense + 500%. Vitality + 500%! Duration: 1 minute! '

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

Is this an official hack?

F*ck!

Too fierce!

Isn’t this too fierce?

As expected of the blessings of a god, awesome!

After combining the abilities of five brooches and adding them together, he doubled them!

"I feel like I can fight a Mythical Boss now!"

Glancing at his current attributes, Qin Luo's confidence was at its peak.

Take a look at the current Snow Goddess of Evil!

He he…

Trash!

"Impossible, how is this possible? How dare you? How could you? That's a God Horoscope! Are you not even a God?"

The Snow Goddess of Evil was stunned. She looked at Qin Sheng who was enveloped by the dense light of life, her eyes filled with disbelief. "Why, why, why, why, why are you willing to pay such a price for humanity?"

"I don't know why either!"

The Flower Goddess was no longer around. She had transformed into a ray of light. Qin Luo had replaced the Flower Goddess when he heard her question. "Perhaps there's a bond that made her think that it's worth it?! No one knows about this question. If you want to know, you can only ask her yourself!"

"Trash!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil interacted angrily.

Qin Qin Sheng frowned, the veins on his forehead bulging. He squinted his eyes at this crazy woman before him and pointed his sword horizontally. His killing intent soared. "The Flower Goddess has done what she thought was right. Now, it's my turn!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil:???

“What I want to do—”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled, revealing a mouthful of white teeth as he said coldly, "I'm sending you to see her!"

"Ant, you?"

The Ice Goddess of Evil was furious. With a bang, she finally broke free from the Ice Crystal Cage of the Ice Goddess. She was freed, and her entire body shone with a bright blue light. Under her guidance, the ice elements in the space began to vibrate wildly.

"Do you still want to resist?"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at him indifferently and said indifferently, "You've already fallen to the Epic stage. What right do you have to think that I'm inferior to you now?"

Swish!

Strong winds blew.

Qin Luo, who was more than twenty meters away, seemed to have transformed into light. He did not even have the time to blink before he instantly appeared before the Snow Goddess of Evil.

"Slash!"

With an extremely cold voice, the [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade descended.

Clang!

A familiar scene appeared again.

It was as if the Snow Goddess possessed the absolute defense of the Ice Crystal Shield Wall. When Qin Sheng's sword was about to hit his body, the ice element instantly condensed and formed an ice wall, blocking the advance of the sword.

However!

This time!

It was different!

Bang…

The berserk power was displayed. It increased all attributes by 10 times, and also increased physical attacks by 5 times. Qin Luo Sheng had previously activated Dragon Blood Igniting Death, Undying Battle Intent, Blood Boiling, and other skills. Now, his entire body was glowing with a neon light, as if he was wrapped in a light screen, giving off a sacred feeling.

At that moment, he was no longer sobbing, but—

Super Weeping Soul! (Super Saiyan:???)

Swish!

Before the smile on the Snow Goddess of Evil could bloom, before she could launch the sneak attack with the ice cone—

The next moment.

The ice wall shattered!

Swoosh…

The Sword Aura swept past and gently swept past the Snow Goddess of Evil’s neck.

-1185000!

A huge seven-digit damage number floated up.

One strike!

Over a million!

"Ah…"

After suffering such a heavy blow, the Snow Goddess of Evil let out an extremely sharp cry. She no longer cared about Qin Sheng's entanglement. With a flash, she vanished on the spot.

"Trying to run? It's too late!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression did not change as he retracted his chopping stance. From the corner of his eyes, he saw the position where the Goddess of Evil, Snow, had teleported. With a move of his feet, like a flash of lightning, he exploded and disappeared on the spot.

Swish…

Another sword slashed down.

-1185000!

Another million points of damage landed on the Snow Goddess of Evil.

"Is this the crushing power?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the twisted face of the Snow Goddess of Evil and felt the terrifying power contained within her body. He was intoxicated. "So it turns out that when I was played by the Snow Goddess of Evil, I had no choice but to take the initiative to retreat when I got close to her. I could only suppress her with long-range attacks. This is simply the shame of being a warrior. It's not anything else, it's just that… I'm too weak!"

"Battle experience? Battle talent? Battle awareness?… Under the suppression of absolute strength, what is it?"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes shone with a crazed look. "I was wrong, very wrong. It's true that I'm improving my combat experience, but more importantly, I'm continuously and even crazily improving my own abilities. The current me is capable of crushing players, but not BOSSes. One day, when my abilities can crush all BOSSes, so what if my combat talent is trash and my combat experience is zero?"

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

…

Endless slashes, countless teleportations!

Qin Luo was like a maggot in his bones.

No matter what the Snow Goddess of Evil did, he would always be able to catch up to her immediately.

No matter what skills the Snow Goddess of Evil used, he was always fearless and only focused on attacking.

Even if the Snow Goddess of Evil had used her water moisturizer to recover her health points, used her large-scale killing technique to attack Qin Luo Sheng, and used ice walls and ice mirrors to block him…

Everything.

In front of absolute strength, it was all useless.

Thirty seconds later.

Qin Luo, the hard-to-deal-with ice goddess of evil, had his sword slit across her throat, taking away the last of her life bar!

"Are humans really that good…"

The Snow Goddess of Evil collapsed weakly to the ground, her eyes constantly fluctuating. She thought about how her original body had abandoned love for a human man, fallen into the demonic path, and severed her own evil thoughts. Then she thought about the Flower Goddess, who had not hesitated to detonate her godhead for the human race, and was willing to die… She, who was born out of hatred for humans, was lost!

"Maybe!"

Looking at the luster in the eyes of the Snow Goddess of Evil before her death, Qin Sheng sheathed his sword and stood there. He did not know how he felt in his heart, but he replied calmly, "This question can only be answered by yourself. No one can answer you!"

“Really?”

The Snow Goddess of Evil regained her composure, just like the true Snow Goddess. She glanced at Qin Sheng with a smile on her lips and slowly closed her eyes. A tear slowly rolled down her cheek and dripped onto the ground. "If there's a chance…"