Chapter 514: Arctic Goddess And Flower Goddess, Two Gods Descend

This is?

Sanguine Primrose was stunned.

Somehow.

Deep in her heart, a voice was guiding her. She subconsciously followed her heart and reacted!

Buzz…

A deep blue energy rippled outwards. Under the activation of Sanguine Primrose, the Snow Goddess's tears suddenly began to glow with an extremely intense light.

"Sigh!"

The Snow Goddess’tears dissipated, and the azure light it had transformed into rose into the air. It took shape in the air, gradually forming a human figure.

Before Qin Sheng and the others could see who this person was, they heard a faint sigh.

"It's been so long. Haven't you let go of your obsession?"

In the light, he opened his eyes. He looked down from above like the eyes of a god and landed on the body of the Snow Goddess of Evil who had stopped moving and her body was stiff.

"Obsession?"

The Snow Goddess of Evil laughed maniacally. "Am I not your obsession? If not for your obsession, how would I have been born? I am you! You can deceive anyone, but you cannot deceive me. I am one with you."

What?

Even though he had some guesses in his heart, Qin Sheng still opened his mouth in shock and his jaw almost dropped.

This woman!

Was she the real Goddess of Snow?

The real deal!!!

"It's my fault!"

The Goddess of Ice sighed and looked at her evil thoughts. She waved her hand lightly. "You are my evil thoughts. I know that you are in danger. I cannot let you do whatever you want. Today, I will understand this karma!"

"What do you want to do?"

The Snow Goddess of Evil looked at the Snow Goddess's actions, and her expression twisted. Her body violently struggled, and the ice that bound her began to emit banging sounds as it began to crack!

"It's no use! Even though my godforce has dissipated, the godhood still belongs to me, not you!"

The Icy Snow Goddess was unmoved by the evil intentions of her body. The fine blue spots of light that sprinkled down were beautiful like stars. Under the shocked gaze of the Icy Snow Goddess of Evil, they landed on her body.

"Ah…"

The Snow Goddess of Evil let out a deafening scream!

He saw…

The blue dots were like water. When they touched her, they melted instantly and entered her body.

In an instant.

The Ice Goddess of Evil's entire body was like a person made of ice crystals. It was as if every pore on her body was emitting ice crystal radiance from within.

This was…

Disintegrate energy?

Qin Luo's heart trembled.

Even though he was still confused, due to the True Dragon's blood in his body, he had some perception and understanding towards energy and other aspects. It was much better than the four girls at the side who were confused.

Ding… due to unknown reasons, level 40 Legendary Boss Snow Goddess (Evil), strength regressed!

Indeed!

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief.

His strength had regressed well!

This f*cking legendary BOSS could not be defeated.

Probing skill, activate!

Take a look!

How exciting!

He directly slashed the artery and shot down the Snow Goddess of Evil from the Legendary-realm, allowing her to return to the Epic stage!

This time…

The game started!

An Epic Boss!

In his current state, how could Qin Sheng lose?!

"I'll leave the rest to you!"

It was as if she had completed her mission. The Goddess of Snow came and left quickly.

After displaying the miracle and weakening her evil thoughts, she glanced at Qin Sheng and nodded imperceptibly before slowly disappearing.

"Is it really a projection?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "Or was it the aura and energy sealed in the tears that appeared when they were shed?"

However!

None of that mattered anymore.

As long as he could get rid of the Snow Goddess of Evil, he didn't care what method he used!

"It's you?"

Just as Qin Sheng was about to step forward with his sword in hand to complete the Ice Goddess’ instructions before she left, the Ice Goddess of Evil suddenly glared fiercely at him, causing Qin Sheng and the others to be baffled.

"The pitiful consciousness that was transformed from obsession is too sad!"

A sweet voice suddenly rang out. Under Qin Luo and the others' stunned gazes, the orchid brooch, tulip brooch, rose brooch, lily brooch, and peony brooch at the same time released a faint glow.

A strong fragrance of flowers rose. As the five lights gathered, a petite figure slowly appeared.

"Flower… God!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil charged forward wildly. This uninvited guest that had just appeared let out a violent roar.

She, the Flower Goddess?

Qin Luo was once again stunned.

She looked at the person who was waving her colorful little wings and was only about 50 centimeters tall. She looked similar to the legendary Flower Fairy and was intoxicated.

This was too beautiful!

As expected of the Flower Goddess!

I got it!

Ah…

What if she really wanted to raise one?

"The main body has already let go of its obsession, why are you still so stubborn?"

The Flower Goddess spoke to the Snow Goddess of Evil. Even though her tone was calm, her voice was too sweet and soft. It sounded like a girl next door acting cute.

F*ck!

Who could withstand that?

Qin Luo Sheng could not take it anymore!

Isn't this too crispy?

He was not the only one who was excited and could not calm down for a long time. The other four girls were not any better. They had been staring at him for a long time and their eyes had already turned red.

"Are you stubborn?"

The Snow Goddess of Evil said ruthlessly, "What do you mean by obstinately persisting in the wrong? What's wrong with me, who was born with this obsession? Why should I persist in my wrongdoings? It was her evil thought that gave birth to me, and I was born because of her will. I lived because of her. It was her. She betrayed me and herself. Since she has already decayed, why can't I replace her?"

Flower Goddess:…

This…

That made sense!

Back then, it was the Snow Goddess's evil thought that gave birth to this evil consciousness. However, not only did she sever it, she betrayed her past self, her past beliefs. Now, she wanted to destroy her past obsession.

From the perspective of the Snow Goddess of Evil, this was undoubtedly a blatant betrayal!

Even from the perspective of an outsider like Qin Sheng, the Goddess of Snow was undoubtedly very unkind.

This was like a selfish parent who cared for their own happiness but refused to take care of their own child. Not only did they not take care of their child, they even wanted to destroy their own child.

Was he even human?

Hmm ~

He really didn't seem human!

The thoughts of gods were not something mortals could understand.

Although the analogy was not very appropriate, the logic was very similar.

‘ Of course.’

There were truly too many twists and turns here, and it was utterly impossible to be summarized in a few words. As outsiders, they didn’t have the qualifications to participate.