Chapter 513: The Snow Goddess'S Tears

"I don't believe it!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave up the distance that he had painstakingly closed and jumped backwards. "Xiaoxiao, this guy is a pure ice mage. Retreat further away and fight him!"

The icicles were small in size and there were many of them. Moreover, they were extremely fast. It was difficult to detect them at close range. Even if they were detected, it would be difficult for them to react or dodge. If that was the case, they might as well widen the distance between them. At the very least, they could not be crazily beaten up.

"Slash, slash, slash!"

The time for the Holy Flame was not over yet. There was also the enhancement of the Sword Qi Rampage and the Undying Battle Intent. Qin Sheng's current attack range was 10 meters (Holy Flame + 5, Sword Qi Rampage + 2, Undying Battle Intent + 3). He could totally clash with the Snow Goddess of Evil like he did with the long-range attack.

Xiaoxiao was even more so.

It was originally a magical pet that was good at seven types of magic, the Omnipotent King. Even though it was still in its growth stage and its magic strength was not as strong as the Snow Goddess of Evil, it definitely had more magic than her, so it was no problem for it to attack.

"I don't believe that your turtle shell can be that hard!"

Qin Luo Sheng brandished his twin swords wildly, sending out one violent streak of golden sword qi after another. They struck heavily against the ice wall of the Snow Goddess of Evil, producing a dull sound.

Weakening ~

Break!

Strengthen!

Weakening again!

Again!

Strengthen!

…

In an instant.

The battlefield instantly fell into a stagnant state as it continued to cycle.

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot. He wanted to change the situation urgently, but there was nothing he could do.

The ice wall of the Snow Goddess of Evil was really too hard to deal with. Furthermore, her energy was also very abundant. Even if her Sword Aura was violent and her fireballs were high in temperature, they could either shatter the ice wall or melt the ice wall. In the next moment, she immediately returned to her original state.

This was impossible.

"Are we playing with our lives?"

Qin Luo Sheng clenched his teeth tightly. As he attacked, he used his thoughts to communicate with the system. He opened the skill column and looked at a certain skill on it. His eyes flickered as he hesitated.

Now.

Even though he had used all his trump cards, he had even used the skills that would weaken him after using them. He was basically like a lamp that had run out of oil.

However…

He still had one last trump card.

The Lord of the Stars' BUG-level skill was enhanced by the Rule-level ability. Once it was activated, perhaps even God could instantly kill him!

Except.

If he really used it, then the consequences…

"Whatever!"

Qin Sheng gritted his teeth when he saw that the Sacred Flame had entered the countdown and was about to fall down by one digit. He decided to destroy this bastard at all costs.

Once the effect of the Holy Flame was over, there was only a 5-meter attack range left. It was not enough to suppress the Snow Goddess of Evil with long-range firepower. It was too close, and she could easily counterattack.

Even though the effects of the Berserk Strike had reduced his Magic Attack by 20%, his Magic Attack, which was originally as high as 1800 +, was still more than 1400 despite being weakened by 20%. With his Magic Defense, it was still very weak.

Although an icicle would not cause much damage to him, there were many ants that could bite an elephant to death. The icicles had extreme speed, quantity, concealment, and many other characteristics. Once he was hit, there was a high chance that he would be killed instantly. He could not afford to gamble.

"You forced me to do this!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes flashed with determination as he looked at the Snow Goddess of Evil. He opened his mouth. "Starlight…"

"Weeping Soul, let me help you!"

Yet.

At this critical moment, a cold voice suddenly came from behind, cutting off Qin Sheng's thoughts.

He turned his head.

It was unknown when Sanguine Primrose had arrived, but behind her were the Blood Rose, Elegant Elegant Lotus and Peony. All four of them had come to support her.

"What are you doing?"

Qin Luo had a splitting headache all of a sudden.

E, y, y, y, y.

Why did he come up?

Even with my current strength, I can't do anything to this BOSS. What use are you? Are you here to deliver food?

This was not the time to be impulsive!

Die together?

To appear more heroic?

With this thought in mind, it was better to leave before entering battle mode.

If the mission failed, then so be it. At the very least, he would be able to preserve his life, level, and equipment. At most, he would have to wait three days before accepting another mission. Was there a need to risk his life like this?

"This is for you!"

Sanguine Rose did not care about Qin Luo's furious gaze. Reaching out, she handed over an ice-blue gem.

What was that?

Stunned, Qin Luo took it subconsciously.

"Tears of the Snow Goddess?"

Qin Sheng's eyes widened abruptly when he swept his gaze across.

"This is?"

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned. Even his never-ending attacks had stopped.

"The Jade Slave granny gave it to me before I left!"

Sanguine Primrose explained: "As the initiator and recipient of the quest, this quest item system was given to me directly. This item is the Snow Goddess' Tear in the quest description. It was also the tear that she had shed when Shui Sheng was killed. It was picked up by the Slave Granny."

Qin Luo's scalp tingled.

"How do I use this thing?"

Looking at the suppressed Snow Goddess of Evil who was unable to counterattack, as if she was about to counterattack, Qin Sheng hurriedly waved his swords frantically and continued to suppress her with firepower. At the same time, he asked, "GKD, this guy, is a Legendary Boss, or is it the evil thoughts of a God? He's so ferocious. I even f*cking wonder why S-rank missions are so abnormal! It turns out that there are no reinforcements but special props!"

"I don't know how to use it either!"

Sanguine Primrose shook her head and replied: "Why don't we try crushing it? Or should we try smashing it towards the BOSS?"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Sister!

You're making me laugh!

This is your quest item. Don't you know how to use it?

What the heck!

"F*ck!"

Perhaps because she had seen the Snow Goddess's tears, the Snow Goddess of Evil suddenly became agitated. The pressure on Qin Sheng increased tremendously. Even with Xiaoxiao, he could not suppress it at all.

"Let's make a Hail Mary effort!"

Qin Sheng felt his scalp tingle when he saw that the Snow Goddess of Evil was about to charge over here even though she was resisting the Sword Qi and the Flame Bullet. His hand trembled, and he threw the Snow Goddess's tears back to the Scarlet Rose. At the same time, he shouted, "No matter what method you use, you must crush it. It doesn't matter if you throw it at the Boss. In any case, hurry up. Since this fellow is so agitated, the Snow Goddess's tears must have some special effect."

Sanguine Primrose:…

What was going on?

What happened?

Who am I?

Where am I?

What should I do?

Why is this problem still in my hands after one round?

Ding…

Sanguine Primrose raised her head and stared at the Snow Goddess' tears in her hands. Without any hesitation, she attacked.

Dong dong ~

Dong dong ~

Dong dong ~

Just as Sanguine Primrose was about to crush the Snow Goddess's tears in her hands, she suddenly felt a strange throbbing in her heart. It was as if her heart and soul were connected.