Chapter 519: Shocking Reward (1)

"Stop talking!"

The honest expression on Shui Sheng's face disappeared, and was replaced by a look of pity and heartache. He ignored Qin Luo and the other third wheels, walked over, and gently embraced the Snow Goddess. "I know everything, I know everything!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

There was something wrong with the plot development!

The Snow Goddess covered the entire sky!

Sanguine Primrose had a hidden agenda!

Finally…

The target, Shuisheng, was originally the most muddled one, but in the end, it was actually the one who knew the best?

What was the Snow Goddess doing?

If even Shuisheng's memories couldn't be sealed, what else could he be thinking about?

"Eh, it doesn't seem too sudden!"

After his initial shock, Qin Luo had the urge to complain. However, after thinking about it carefully, he had also figured out the crux of the matter.

So.

That strange feeling from before came from this.

Even if it was the Snow Goddess, it was also impossible for her to defy the heavens.

There was no need to talk about forcibly detaining the souls of the aquatic creatures. In this world of ice and snow, all living things were destroyed. To think that they could actually recreate the original Birdsong Village.

How much skill did this require?

Qin Luo could not fathom it.

Unfortunately.

She was already injured to begin with, and now, because of the death of the aquatic creatures, she exploded, injuring her core. After that, a series of events happened, further weakening her strength.

The Goddess of Snow was so weak that she wanted to usurp the throne.

The strange feeling from before was that the scene on the seventh floor was a little surreal.

Maybe.

It was probably because the Snow Goddess could not take it anymore. With her current strength, she was no longer allowed to maintain such a miracle.

This was also the reason!

Previously, when he sensed that her aura was weak, even the sixth level's Goddess of Snow (Shadow) and Goddess of Snow (Evil) couldn't compare to her. Even when Shui Sheng returned and stood outside the door, he didn't notice her presence.

“When—when did you find out?”

The Snow Goddess was also stunned by Shui Sheng. She looked at the man hugging her with a hazy gaze.

"It's been a long time!"

Shui Sheng carefully wiped away the tears on the Goddess of Snow's face as if he was dealing with a rare treasure. He smiled honestly.

"Then you…"

The Snow Goddess did not dare to look into Shui Sheng's eyes.

The goddess who used to be awe-inspiring and cold was not handsome at all. She did not have any special abilities either. She looked so weak and timid in front of the most ordinary peasant boy.

She was a little scared!

He was afraid that the aquatic creatures would blame her for slaughtering the birdsong village, blame her for punishing the birdsong village, blame her for deceiving him, blame her for not letting him rest in peace…

"That's not important!"

Shui Sheng smiled dotingly. "Everything is not important. Living here is the happiest day of my life. I am Shui Sheng, and you are Xiao Xue. There is no secular disturbance. It's just the two of us. We are harmonious and beautiful. Even if it's just a simple meal, we are willing to endure it."

"I'm sorry! If you hadn't met me…"

The snow goddess' ice heart melted instantly. Her tears fell like pillars as she hugged Shui Sheng tightly and cried loudly, "Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!…"

"Don't say sorry!"

Shui Sheng's eyes also became moist. He hugged the Snow Goddess tightly and said with a slightly trembling voice, "Meeting you was the luckiest thing in my life. I'm the one who let you down. You were originally a high and mighty god. If it wasn't for me, you would have had more…"

"Stop talking!"

The Goddess of Ice and Snow covered Shui Sheng's mouth with her hand and looked at him affectionately. She said in a daze, "This is the arrangement of the heavens and also the arrangement of fate. You are my destined love calamity, but I don't regret it. If I choose again, I will still be like this."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Sanguine Primrose: o (⊙ ￥⊙) o

Blood Rose: ╭ (╯ ^ ╰) ╮

Elegant Lotus: (* ￣ ⊙)

City-Toppling Peony: (∞ Σ)

Tsk!

What have we done wrong?

I can't eat anymore!

Why are you forcing so much dog food into our mouths?

This was too much!

It was really too much!

The worst thing was—

Not only did he torture dogs, he even tricked dogs into coming here to torture them!

I threw up!

"Sorry!"

After a long time, the entangled adulterous pair finally remembered that there was someone else beside them. The Goddess of Snow did not mind at all and only had eyes for Shui Sheng. On the other hand, Shui Sheng, this honest man, was very embarrassed. He looked at Qin Sheng and the others who had nothing to fall in love with (Qin Sheng), or at Qin Sheng with an expressionless face (Blood Rose), or at anger (Blood Rose), or at Qin Sheng who had a smile on his face (Elegant Lotus), or at Qin Sheng who was full of longing (Alluring Peony). His old face turned red.

"Cough cough…"

Before Qin Sheng and the others could speak, the Snow Goddess suddenly coughed violently. Not only was her face pale to the extreme, there was even a trace of red at the corner of her mouth.

"Little Xue!"

Shui Sheng was shocked.

"I'm fine, Brother Shuisheng!"

The Snow Goddess smiled gently and shook her head.

She held onto Shui Sheng's hand tightly and allowed him to wipe away the blood at the corner of her mouth. The Snow Goddess looked at Qin Sheng and the others and said in a cold tone, "Ever since I injured my source, I forcefully cast a forbidden spell and turned the entire snowy peak into a land of ice and snow. I had no choice but to sever my evil thoughts due to the birth of evil thoughts. I even cast this ice palace, causing my injuries to worsen."

"After that, I brought Brother Shuisheng here and used a forbidden technique to forcibly detain his soul in my body. Every day, I used my divine power to warm the sun. It has been decades, and my body's condition has been deteriorating. I don't have much time left."

Shui Sheng did not say anything. He just looked at the Snow Goddess gently.

She looked back and smiled sweetly before continuing, "I don't have any regrets now that we've been together for decades. However, the only thing I'm worried about is that the body of resentment that was born from my evil thoughts will definitely go out and wreak havoc after my death. Now that this problem has been solved by you guys, I have no regrets."

"What are your plans?"

Qin Sheng, who had been silent all this while, suddenly asked, "Even though you're overestimating yourself, I still want to ask, what can we do to help?"

"No need!"

The Snow Goddess shook her head and said, "Brother Shuisheng was originally someone who had passed away a long time ago. It was my selfishness that caused him to forcefully stay by my side. Right now, my divine power isn't enough to sustain him. Brother Shuisheng's soul will leave his body and be attracted by the Netherworld Palace. As for me, my source has been severed and I'm seriously injured. I will also head to the Netherworld Palace with Brother Shuisheng."

Is that so?

This was good too!

They had been together for decades. They had been through thick and thin together. There should be no more regrets, right?

But now, he was dead.

They were going to the world of the dead together.

This…

Perhaps it was the greatest romance!

"Meeting is fate!"

The Snow Goddess glanced at Qin Sheng and the others. After a few seconds of silence, as if she had made up her mind, she said, "You guys have also helped me resolve the trouble of evil thoughts. I never owe anyone favors. This, consider it as repayment!—Blessing!"