Chapter 510: Wake Up, This Isn'T Immortal Cultivation!

"Who exactly are you?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked coldly.

The ice goddess in front of him was too strange.

The her now.

She did not look like a goddess of ice and snow, but more like a demon.

If it wasn't for the fact that his gaze hadn't left her just now and he had truly watched her revive, Qin Sheng would have suspected that he had been swapped when he saw her change.

Wasn't this difference too great?

"Who am I?"

The Snow Goddess said, “Fine! Seeing that you have released me, I will give you a little bit of patience to answer your question!—I, Snow Goddess!”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Are you fucking kidding me?

"Ding! Your Roaming Snake Step effect time is over!"

"Ding! Your Violent Blood Art's effect time is over!"

"Ding… Your Brave Heart effect time has ended!"

"…"

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

What a loss!

His curiosity was too strong, and he had been talking to this b * tch non-stop. Now, the enhancement skill was over!

How could he!

Still.

It was still not the worst yet.

The one minute increase effect was gone, but the Holy Flame that lasted for three minutes was still there. As long as Battle Intent was not extinguished, the Undying Battle Intent was still there. The five-minute Blood Boil was still there, and the half hour Dragon's Blood Ignition was also there!

"You don't look like the Goddess of Snow!"

There was still a reason for him to resist. Qin Sheng did not panic. He would speak his mind first.

Even though the Snow Goddess looked like this, in a real battle, as long as it was not a sealed domain like the one just now, with his crazy fighting style, he could basically finish the battle in one to two minutes. Either he died or the Snow Goddess died.

As the saying goes, saying too much makes one lose.

When a person was proud and looked down on his enemies, it was usually when he lost.

At this moment, the Snow Goddess was walking on this path.

The Legendary BOSS was too strong. If they were to fight head-on, it would be difficult to deal with him. If they could guide him to spit out some information and make countermeasures, they might not be able to win. However, they would definitely be able to benefit from it.

"You're wrong!"

In the face of Qin Sheng's doubts, the Goddess of Snow smiled evilly and revealed an extremely charming smile. "I am the true Goddess of Snow!"

Qin Sheng:…

If you want to talk, just talk.

What's with this big move?

So what if you're beautiful?

What are you laughing at?

A god, a legendary expert, actually needed to rely on such disgraceful methods?

Seduction?

He he…

How despicable!

Who the f*ck did you take me, Qin Sheng?

We are loyal and courageous, unyielding and righteous. How could we be fooled by a mere small path?

Hmph!

Cough cough…

Except.

One said one.

The Goddess of Ice and Snow really had unparalleled looks and charisma. Especially now, she did not want to be cold and charismatic. To a certain extent, they were two extremes. They actually gathered on one person and were so compatible. It was really hard to resist!

Well—

How should he put it?

Tsk ~

How accurate!

Sexy?

I'll blow it up!

Please… please increase your strength!

Kneel and beg!

"You're lying!"

Just as Qin Luo was immersed in the Snow Goddess's bewitching smile, Sanguine Primrose, who had lost all sense of existence, stepped forward. Her long, shapely eyebrows were raised as she coldly looked at the Snow Goddess and declared proudly, "You're not the Snow Goddess!"

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

What are you doing?

Why did you come out?

Wasn't it nice to hide at the side and watch the show?

What trouble?

F*ck!

This woman was a crazy woman with legendary strength. Why did you provoke her?

It's over!

Initially, he wanted to obtain a set of information (to admire her peerless beauty). What should he do? What should he do?

"What a beautiful little girl!"

The Goddess of Ice and Snow turned her gaze towards the Blood Rose. Looking at her appearance that was not the slightest bit inferior to her own, as well as her ice-cold temperament that was extremely similar to her own, she instantly became interested. A bright blue light flashed in her eyes, and then her breathing suddenly became hurried: “Ice Spirit Root, what a pure Ice Spirit Root!—Hahahaha… It seems like the heavens have really treated me well! To actually send a high purity Ice Spirit Root that has yet to be contaminated to me. As long as I devour it, not only will I be able to recover from all my injuries, I will also be able to recover my origin. I will be able to climb up another level with my feet, and I will be able to pursue a higher level of the Great Dao.”

Hey…

Big brother, wake up!

This was not the Immortal Cultivation Style. This was an online game. Stop daydreaming. It was not certain if he could survive today. Why was he dreaming?

“Originally, I didn’t want to waste my breath on you ants. However, after escaping today and obtaining an ice spirit root that’s close to the Heaven Rank, I’m in a very good mood, so I’ll tell you all about it.”

The Snow Goddess excitedly said, “Little girl, you’re wrong to say that I’m not the Snow Goddess. Back then, when the Snow Goddess fought with her arch enemy, the God of Flames, her divine power was exhausted and she was severely injured. She was forced to seal her remaining divine power and even her memories to protect herself. Who knew that she would fall to the Birdsong Village on the Birdsong Peak and be saved by a man called Shui Sheng.”

"The poor Goddess of Snow's memories were sealed, and she was like a blank piece of paper. After spending all day and night together, she quickly fell in love with Shuisheng and was invited into the Birdsong Village."

"Even though she was sealed, as the goddess of ice and snow, how could her appearance and temperament be ordinary? She naturally attracted the coveting of countless disgusting men. However, the man she loved, Shui Sheng, also had an engagement."

"As a result, the filthy human nature and the evil human heart caused mischief together. They imprisoned Shuisheng and forced him to marry his fiancée. As for her, she was captured by a group of disgusting men. After a game of chess, she gave the son of a family that had paid a huge price to be the bride."

"However, Shuisheng is also considered a man. He was infatuated and did not regret it. He escaped on the night of the wedding and found her. He wanted to take her away from Bird Whisper Village. Unfortunately, he was just a mortal. How could he take away a living person with so many guests present? Furthermore, this living person was the bride tonight, the bride who was strictly watched."

"Shuisheng wanted to take her away, and this family that had paid a huge price, how could they just watch as the bride they had gotten flew away? Thus, conflict arose."

At this point, Qin Sheng and the others looked at each other.

This was exactly the same as what Old Granny Yu Nu had said back then. It was the incident that happened in Bird Whisper Village that caused it to turn into the night of Tear Snow Village. It was also the bloody night…

A shocking night!