Chapter 517: The Birdsong Village In The Ice Shrine

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 40 strengthened Epic BOSS Ice Goddess (Evil). EXP gained: 1,000W + Reputation: 10,000 points! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 29 free attribute points! '

Ding… your pet, Xiaoxiao, has leveled up. Health Points + 3000, Mana Points + 10,000! '

Two golden lights floated up.

Qin Luo and Xiaoxiao had leveled up at the same time. One was 36, the other 31!

Not only them, but the other four girls also leveled up!

"Ah… I've finally reached Level 30. I can also become a Second Stage Professional!"

"Hehe, I'm Level 30 too. I hope the Job-Changing Mission isn't so scary!"

"Little Rose, has the mission been completed? If it's completed, then hurry back to the city. Be careful not to let others snatch away the first Rank two reward!"

"…"

There were loud cries.

Qin Luo Sheng acted as if he had not heard anything. He only lowered his head and looked at the snow goddess who had lost her life and was gradually turning into particles, recovering to her initial ice element which was nourishing the heaven and earth. He felt depressed and indescribably terrible.

"This is…"

An azure blue light rose and countless azure stars scattered. A dreamy ice crystal blue butterfly flapped its wings and flew up. "Ice butterfly?"

He silently watched as the Ice Butterfly danced in the air, leaving behind strands of icy blue starlight on its tail. However, he did his best to fly towards the sky.

"— That's great!"

"…"

Sanguine Rose walked over and took a glance at Qin Luo, who had a slightly sorrowful expression on his face. After taking a look at the Ice Butterfly, she seemed to have understood something and did not disturb him.

"What's the matter?"

After a while.

Qin Luo spoke first.

"Mission failed!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "The quest phase hasn't changed either, there's no next phase!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the hell?

This was not done?

Wasn't the Snow Goddess of Evil already dead?

Could it be…

Was he going to kill the real Snow Goddess?

Or…

He had to kill the ice crystal charming spirit that escaped just now to complete it?

"How much time do we have left?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and asked, "Are there any hints?"

"There's still more time, about three hours left!"

Sanguine Primrose quickly replied: "There are hints too!"

“What is it?”

Qin Luo asked.

"There!"

Sanguine Rose stretched out her finger towards Qin Luo's back.

"This… When did it appear?"

Qin Luo turned around and looked at the magic transmission array that had appeared out of nowhere with a stunned expression.

“It should have appeared after the death of the Snow Goddess (Evil)!”

Sanguine Primrose replied: "This is the Ice Goddess Shrine after all, the real one should be at the top!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo let out a shaky breath and squinted his eyes. "I only hope that there won't be a fierce battle!"

This time.

Qin Luo did not rest or wait for his skills to cool down.

Because.

At this moment, he still had the Dragon Blood Igniting Death, Undying Battle Intent, and Blood Boiling. He did not have the qualifications.

The Blood Boiling was still alright. There were no side effects. He was just a little excited. After it ended, he would feel a little uncomfortable and tired!

However, once the Undying Battle Intent ended, it would cause the excitement to subside, causing both the body and mind to be damaged.

Qin Luo Sheng remembered that the first time he used it, he had slept for more than a day before recovering.

There was also the Dragon Blood Burnt.

After using it, he would be weak for an entire day.

Reducing all attributes to 10% for an entire day was no joke.

Fortunately.

The duration of Dragon-Burning Death was also very long. It lasted for half an hour.

The battle with the Snow Goddess of Evil took more than three minutes. Later on, there was another delay, and it took almost four minutes.

Another minute.

Skills like Skywolf with a cooldown time of only five minutes could be used again.

Except.

There was good news and bad news.

The Blood Boiling lasted for five minutes, and now there was less than a minute left!

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the three Peony Sisters whose pretty faces were flushed red. This excitement was definitely something good dropped by the Snow Goddess of Evil.

After all, he was an Ancient BOSS. With his luck, he definitely had at least one Ancient-grade equipment.

Unfortunately.

This was not the time to split the spoils.

"Time is of the essence. I don't know what the follow-up to the mission is or how long it will take."

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the girls and stepped into the teleportation array first.

…

Ice Snow Shrine!

The seventh level!

Qin Luo Sheng and the others had just walked out of the teleportation array when a dense white light flashed. Their vision had yet to recover, but the rich fragrance of flowers had already drifted into their noses. The sounds of birds chirping could also be heard.

What was going on?

Qin Luo Sheng shuddered.

Why would there be flowers and birds chirping in a place that was covered in snow and ice?

The next moment.

His vision returned.

Qin Luo looked over and was instantly stunned on the spot.

This, this isn't…

It wasn't just Qin Luo, Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were also stunned.

The place before him was like an otherworldly paradise with picturesque scenery. It was a place filled with birds and flowers. It was too familiar.

Birdsong Village.

It was exactly the same as what Old Granny Yu Nu had shown them in the past, Bird Whisper Village.

"Are there any guests?"

A vigorous and honest voice rang out, drawing the attention of Qin Sheng and the others.

The first thing he saw was a man dressed in a green sackcloth. He had thick eyebrows and big eyes. He looked honest and sincere. He was about thirty years old and had a slightly weathered look on his face. One look and he could tell that he was an honest farmer's son.

All these were not important.

Most importantly, the man who had appeared out of nowhere was staring at the two words above his head—

Water!

"Is he Shui Sheng? The man that the Goddess of Snow fell deeply in love with?"

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat bewildered.

It wasn’t that he was paranoid, but this place really was too strange.

In a world of ice and snow, all things wither.

The place where the Snow Goddess resided was actually filled with birds and flowers. This was too illogical!

"Could this be an illusion?"

Qin Luo's heart trembled.

Other than this explanation, he really could not think of anything else.

"Brother Shuisheng, who's here?"

Just as Qin Luo was about to make a move, a gentle female voice suddenly rang out from a nearby cottage.

This voice?

Qin Qin Sheng looked over in disbelief, only to see a peerless beauty. Even though she was dressed in coarse white clothes, it still could not conceal her unparalleled charm. A peerless beauty slowly walked out.

"Ice… Ice Goddess?"

Qin Sheng was thunderstruck when he saw her familiar face.

"What's going on?"