Chapter 518: Sanguine Primrose

"Little Xue, I don't know either. It should be from outside!"

Shui Sheng scratched his head honestly and put down the hoe on his shoulder. He walked over barefooted and displayed a gentleness that did not match his appearance. He held the arm of the Snow Goddess and said, "Your body is weak. Stay at home and don't let the cold wind blow!"

"Little brother, there are a few ladies here. They are guests. If you don't mind my humble house, come in and have a drink."

Shuisheng invited.

"In that case, I'll be troubling you!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the icy cold warning gaze of the ice goddess. The corner of his lips twitched as he readily agreed.

"Deal!"

Shuisheng was very happy. "Ever since I moved out of the village, this is the first time I've seen an outsider. Little Xue, I'm going to catch fish. Go and stew the pheasant meat that I caught yesterday. Take good care of our esteemed guest."

"Got it!"

The Snow Goddess smiled gently and adjusted Shui Sheng's collar. After the honest man blushed in embarrassment, she took two steps back and said, "Go quickly and come back quickly. I'll go get some water for the few guests first!"

"Alright!"

Shui Sheng grinned. He picked up the water basket woven from bamboo strips and quickly went out to catch fish.

"Come in!"

Qin Sheng and the others felt as if they had fallen into an ice cellar as they watched Shui Sheng's back view disappear with a gentle gaze. The Snow Goddess retracted her gaze. The gentleness that she had initially had disappeared and was replaced with endless coldness.

Fortunately.

This aura came and went quickly.

"I know why you're here!"

Trembling in fear, Qin Luo and the others entered the thatched hut. They looked at the goddess of ice and snow like criminals waiting to be judged. They were on tenterhooks and did not even dare to breathe loudly. "Leave. Bird Whisper Village no longer exists. Tear Snow Village is its true name.—Forever!"

Qin Sheng:…

These words seemed very strange and confusing, but in reality, the meaning was very clear.

Birdsong Village.

This was the name of the village.

The Birdsong Village no longer existed. In other words, the Birdsong Village had long been submerged, whether it was the beautiful one in the Goddess of Snow's memories or the one that truly existed in reality.

As for Snow Tear Village.

The name was as intended.

It was both tears and blood.

To be able to make a god with a firm heart shed tears of blood, to have such extreme resentment, to have worked hard for dozens of years, to have such overflowing hatred, how could he be easily moved by a few words and released?

"The punishment of the Tear Snow Village is enough!"

Before Qin Luo Sheng could speak, Sanguine Primrose was the first to speak. She looked at the Snow Goddess with a determined gaze. "After decades of punishment, those people who harmed you back then are all dead. Even their descendants have been punished as well. The current Tear Snow Village no longer has a familiar face other than Granny Yu Nu. Could it be that you really want to make Tear Snow Village unable to be free for all eternity?"

"Offending a god is the punishment you deserve!"

In the face of Sanguine Primrose's indignation, the Frost Goddess remained calm and indifferent.

"What must I do to satisfy you?"

Sanguine Primrose displayed a completely different emotion from her usual self. She was no longer the calm and collected person she used to be. Instead, she was extremely reckless, "The Snow Tear Village is still the Birdsong Village. It is the hometown of Brother Shui Sheng and Granny Jade Slave. It is also the place where you once lived. Can't you be lenient?”

"Spare us?"

The Snow Goddess snorted coldly and said, "You really don't know what you're talking about. If you encountered what I experienced, you wouldn't think like this, little girl!"

"Yes, I learned about your situation from Granny Yu Nu."

Sanguine Primrose did not give up and continued to speak, "I don't think anything you did was wrong. However, there should be a limit to your punishment. It has been a few decades and there have been four or five generations of people. The main culprits have long been wiped out and the remaining ones are all implicated. It is already enough to implicate three generations. As a god, even if you are not merciful, you should still be magnanimous. Just for the sake of Big Brother Shui Sheng and Grandma Yu Nu, alright?”

"Get lost!"

The Snow Goddess suddenly flew into a rage. "Yu Nu? I do owe her, but I've repaid her three times, and that's enough. As for Brother Shuisheng, who still has the face to mention him?… Back then, how did the people from the Birdsong Village kill him? That bunch of animals, in front of me, beat him to death. No matter how I begged, they were like evil spirits, even more terrifying than demons. One after another, they beat Brother Shuisheng until he stopped breathing. Who among you understands my despair?"

Everyone fell silent.

Don't try to persuade others to be kind before others suffer.

What a wise speech!

At least.

He was certain that Qin Luo Sheng would definitely go crazy if he were to encounter such a thing. He would slaughter all the participants and not let a single one of them off.

In comparison.

As a god, such a punishment was already very "generous"!

‘ Of course.’

To the people of the Tear Snow Village, it was better not to be so kind.

Instead of living without hope and living in despair every day, it would be better to destroy Tear Snow Village.

"Little Xue!"

The house fell silent, but a voice came from outside the house. The curtain was lifted. Who else could it be but the water creature carrying the fish?

"Brother Shuisheng? This, I, no…"

At the sight of Shuisheng, the Goddess of Ice and Snow panicked. She stood up and waved her hands repeatedly, her face flushed red with anxiety. Her eyes were misty, as if she was about to cry the next second. She was no longer as tough and cold as before when she faced Qin Sheng and the others.

"This woman…"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep look at Sanguine Primrose, who had an indifferent expression on her face. In fact, a hint of a smile could be seen at the corner of her lips. In his heart, he once again raised the level of danger that this fellow posed.

No wonder.

It was no wonder that Sanguine Primrose's actions were so different from her usual self. It was as though she was a little girl who had no experience in life and had a beautiful dream.

So that was how it was!

She must have known that Shui Sheng was outside long ago. That was why she did that. In other words, it was to seduce the Snow Goddess to say what she just said.

Wasn't this an unconventional way of "confessing without a fight"?

A hundred million points!

It directly shattered the Goddess of Snow's "disguise", the disguise in front of Shui Sheng.

Even though this was the first time he met Shuisheng, through Granny Yu Nu's description and his own feelings, this man was just like him. He was a simple and honest person.

Such a person was the kindest and most honest.

Why could he not remember that night of blood? Qin Sheng did not know. Perhaps his memories had been erased by the Goddess of Ice and Snow, but now that everything had been revealed, even if he knew or even recalled that he had been beaten to death by the villagers.

However…

When they heard that their hometown had become like this and that it had been snowing for decades, their kindness would definitely flare up and they would not be able to bear it.

As for the Snow Goddess, she was completely suppressed by Shui Sheng. As long as he spoke, no matter how much she hated him, there was a high chance that she would listen to him and unseal the village.

This way…

Since Sanguine Primrose had achieved her goal, the quest was naturally completed perfectly.

“Truly formidable!”

Qin Sheng, who had thought through all of this very quickly, was instantly filled with admiration. "Just a few words were enough to turn the tides, reverse the situation, and exchange the smallest price for the greatest benefit. I, Qin Sheng, am truly convinced of such wisdom!"