Chapter 512: Deadlock! The Snow Goddess'S Absolute Defense

"Ang…"

It was accompanied by a loud dragon roar.

A ten-meter-long "petite" true dragon with seven-colored dragon horns appeared, emanating a terrifying dragon might that suppressed the entire space around it.

"True Dragon?"

The Snow Goddess of Evil’s smile instantly froze on her face. She looked at Xiaoxiao with some fear and cried out involuntarily, “No wonder, no wonder you were able to defeat your main body. It seems like your trump card isn’t just summoning the Death God, but also this True Dragon!”

"I have many trump cards!"

Qin Luo Sheng caressed Xiaoxiao who was intimate with him, then looked at the Snow Goddess of Evil with narrowed eyes and smiled. "You'll have to experience it carefully next!"

Swish!

The familiar sprint reappeared.

Qin Luo Sheng wielded two swords and charged towards the Snow Goddess of Evil.

He had been delayed for nearly a minute to listen to the story. Now, there was less than a minute left before the Holy Flame, which lasted the shortest time.

Since he had already found out about this fellow's background, there was no need for Qin Sheng to waste any more time. All he had to do next was do it!

"Instant Slash!"

His body transformed into an afterimage as he suddenly appeared before the Snow Goddess of Evil.

"Small tricks!"

Faced with the sudden attack, the Snow Goddess of Evil was expressionless. She extended her hand and waved it. Instantly, an ice wall appeared before her and was actually blocked by Qin Sheng's swift instant slash.

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo Shengzhi felt the web between his thumb and index finger tremble, followed by a sharp pain. He felt a chill down his spine as he looked at the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had been slashed onto the ice wall.

"Is this the strength of a Legendary BOSS?"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his eyes wide. Through the transparent ice wall, he looked at the smirk on the Goddess of Evil’s lips. A faint disdainful smile appeared on his face as his heart trembled. “Not only is she strong, her battle awareness, battle experience, and so on are all top tier. That’s right, even a Silver Vegetable Chicken like the Ice Crystal Knight is so ferocious. As the Goddess of Ice who has fought countless battles, how could an existence like the Goddess of War be simple?”

“If that’s all you have, then I’ll be very disappointed!”

The Snow Goddess of Evil said in a soft voice, "He only has power, but he's like a child holding a divine sword. He can't unleash it at all!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Ang…"

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng's weak little flank was complementing his attack. Huge orange fireballs suddenly flew towards the Snow Goddess of Evil.

"Hmph!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil knitted her brows and curled her finger slightly. In an instant, an incomparably sharp ice spike formed and pierced heavily through Qin Sheng's chest. At the same time, an azure radiance shimmered on her body. The rich ice element became active and transformed into a thick ice wall that blocked all the small fireballs.

-8,2448!

Fuck!

A huge damage number floated up from Qin Luo's head. His health bar, which was originally full, instantly dropped by one-fifth!

Was this the strength of a legendary BOSS?

Isn't that too fierce?

As expected of 180,000 magic damage.

Terrifying!

I had the blessing of the Flower Goddess. My resistance to ice was so high, and my damage was reduced by half. With so many buffs, not only did one skill take away more than 80,000 HP, but this ice pillar could actually pierce through my body?

This bastard!

Could it be that the attack contained a special effect? In a virtual battle, it actually pierced through my body?

A heart-piercing coldness made Qin Luo shiver involuntarily. The ice pillar that penetrated his body, followed the wound, and the cold air invaded his body. Although it did not freeze his entire body, it was certain that his body was injured and his coordination would be affected.

"I'm really lousy!"

Qin Luo could not help but mock himself.

Indeed.

With powerful equipment and skills, his strength was simply explosive.

Yet.

In front of a true expert, he was just a little brother.

Just as the Snow Goddess of Evil had said, he was like a child holding a peerless divine sword. He had the divine weapon but did not have the ability to use it!

His combat talent was too poor!

Battle experience was too weak!

Besides purely relying on sex to crush him, it was to charge, charge, charge!

There was nothing else.

"Even so, so what? Who doesn't grow step by step? Compared to an old witch like you, I'm still young! Today, even if I have to use my attributes to crush you, I'll crush you to death!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a crazed look on his face as he ruthlessly slashed out with his sword, severing the ice pillar that had pierced through his chest. Then, he endured the intense pain and pulled it out of his body. Seeing that the Snow Goddess of Evil was about to make a move again, he roared, "Hunting Tiger!"

Roar!

A gigantic divine tiger phantom appeared behind him. Its eyes were like lightning as it stepped on the galaxies. With a roar, it could shatter mountains and rivers, and destroy the stars.

Ding… Hunting Tiger's effect has taken effect, creating Level 45 Legendary Boss Snow Goddess (Evil), 1 second fear effect!

One second?

Fuck you!

Was a Legendary BOSS that powerful?

Scolding was scolding!

But Qin Luo did not waste a single bit.

Strength accumulation!

One second was just right!

"Berserk Strike!"

The moment the Snow Goddess of Evil woke up, [Coiling Dragon Water] slashed down heavily and successfully hit her.

Ding… your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing absolute damage to the Snow Goddess (Evil). All attributes reduced by 20%! '

NICE!

The system's prompt made Qin Sheng's eyes light up.

There was always a way out.

He was definitely seriously injured. He had actually triggered it at this critical moment.

Awesome!

After losing 20% of her attributes, even if she could not turn the situation around, the Ice Goddess of Evil, who had lost one fifth of her attributes, was no longer as unreachable as before.

In other words—

Now!

There was hope!

"Interesting attack!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil acutely sensed the changes in her body. She looked at Qin Sheng, who was grinning from ear to ear, and snorted coldly. "However, this isn't enough!"

"Not enough?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not back down at all. "Of course, we'll only know after we fight!—Shadow Slash!"

"It's useless!"

Icicles kept gushing out from the Ice Goddess of Evil’s body. Ice walls kept appearing, combining offense and defense. Not only was Qin Sheng’s combined attack unable to penetrate the ice walls, he was even attacked by icicles that resembled hidden weapons.

"Damn it!"

Qin Luo Sheng tried several times in a row. No matter which angle he attacked from, he would return empty-handed. It was just like how the Goddess of Evil had a 360-degree omnidirectional vision.

"This is f * * king disgusting!"

Qin Qin Sheng almost vomited.

How was he supposed to continue playing?

What a joke!

His strength lay in the attack and speed of the explosion. If the two were combined, it would produce a wonderful chemical reaction.

Yet.

Facing this tortoise that seemed to be 'absolute defense', no, it should be called a hedgehog, there was nothing he could do.

Attack, he could not break through!

Not only could he defend perfectly, he could even counterattack!

This way, they could only passively take a beating and not cause damage to the enemy. There was no way to fight at all.

"I don't believe it!"