Chapter 511: We Can'T, But I Can!

"Angry grooms and jealous men beat the hell out of Shui Sheng, who will never give up."

The Snow Goddess smiled coldly as she spat out cold words one after another. Even though she was smiling, even though she was telling a story, Qin Luo Sheng could still feel the uncontrollable terrifying killing intent.

“Bing’er, Bing’er, Bing’er’s heart, Bing’er’s infatuation is eternal! A woman like Bing’er is the most difficult to fall in love with, but she is also the most infatuated. Once Bing’er’s heart is moved, then it will be eternal and never change.”

"The death of the man she loved was enough to make any woman go crazy, let alone a woman with a heart of ice and snow. In an instant, her seal shattered."

"A mouthful of blood and a wisp of soul. The strong stimulation forcefully broke the seal, causing the original source to be injured and the injuries to rebound. However, gods are still gods in the end. Even if a dragon swims in Shallow Beach, it's still not something a mere mortal can compare to."

"Under the outburst, less than one out of ten guests were present that night, and those idiots who were preparing to welcome the bride were all dead. Hahaha…"

Qin Luo kept his other thoughts to himself as he looked at the Snow Goddess laughing maniacally. He watched quietly without saying a word.

Speaking of which…

She was also a pitiful person!

This further affirmed Qin Luo's determination.

Strength!

Strength was everything, strength was everything!

If he had unparalleled power and strength that could crush everything, would he still be like the rat in the sewers now, hiding and not daring to show himself?

Impossible!

So what if he exposed his identity?

Whoever dared to stretch out their claws would be directly chopped up!

When one person could suppress an entire country and the world, who would dare to act rashly?

Thunderstorm Young Master Lei Hao?

He was just a clown!

Even a nation could not do anything about it. What could a mere force do?

What a pity!

All of this was just wishful thinking.

Even though he was now like Superman, he could not resist firearms, let alone those apocalyptic weapons that could destroy a city and blow up the earth.

It was better to keep a low profile!

"Sigh!"

Qin Sheng sighed softly. He looked at the Ice Goddess whose expression was slightly distorted and felt a resonance in his heart. "This is the outcome of not having the strength to protect. I can only watch helplessly as the person I love gets injured or even dies. Even though I'm not from Lan Xing, I've occupied this brother's body and received his memories. With karma, how can his family ignore it?—Bear with it. Continue developing wretchedly before I'm invincible!"

“Too bad.”

At this moment, the Goddess of Snow, who had finished laughing, calmed down a little and continued, "It's a pity that she's a god, so what? In the end, the dead can't be resurrected. The art she learned doesn't have the art to revive the dead. For that man, she fell and became a devil. So, I was born!"

Upon hearing this,

Qin Luo Sheng finally understood.

He finally understood why the Goddess of Ice had added the word 'evil' behind it!

So.

This fellow was formed from the evil thoughts of the real Snow Goddess. After she died in the water, the evil thoughts formed from her falling into evil.

In other words.

Was she the Goddess of Snow’s evil side, or… a second personality?!

"Defeat that woman and seal my good intentions!"

The Snow Goddess—no, she should be called the Snow Goddess of Evil—looked at Qin Sheng and sneered. "Not only that, you even summoned the Death God and released the Death God Domain. The Demon Domain greatly weakened her seal and increased my strength. Thanks to you, her good will was defeated. I've escaped!"

Qin Sheng:…

(╯ ‵ □ ′) ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻

Damn it!

So all the problems came from me?

Qin Sheng could not help but twitch his lips when he felt the four obscure gazes on him.

Look!

What are you looking at?

Can you f*cking blame me?

I'm innocent, okay?

What can I do?

I'm in despair too!

Who knew that such a thing would happen?

Was this considered lying?

"What's the point of saying that? He's still an imposter!"

Qin Qin Sheng bared his teeth and complained somewhat unhappily, "It's just an evil thought that has been abandoned and sealed by the main body. Why are you acting like a garlic?"

"Hmph!"

In the face of Qin Sheng's rude words, the Snow Goddess of Evil did not get angry. She merely snorted coldly and said, "You're right, I am indeed that woman's evil thought. But after today, it's hard to say who is the true body!"

"Oh? What do you mean?"

Qin Luo asked with narrowed eyes.

"You broke through the doppelganger formed by her remaining energy, and I escaped. She can no longer seal me."

Perhaps because she thought that Qin Luo and the others had been determined, the Goddess of Evil had no intention of hiding anything. She explained very generously, "In addition, with such a top-grade heaven-tier ice spirit root, if I devour her, my strength and foundation will rise to a whole new level. Even if she was at her peak, she wouldn't be able to do anything to me! Hahaha…"

"This is really unexpected!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed, and his lazy expression suddenly became resolute. The two swords that had been stuck on the ground as "walking sticks" were once again lifted up by him. "The main body is actually being suppressed by the clones. Tsk tsk, this Snow Goddess is truly miserable and also a true noob! However, do you think you're certain of victory?"

“Could it be that there’s another accident?”

The Snow Goddess of Evil sneered and said, "With just you few ant-like trash? Rookie chickens that aren't even rank two?"

What trash?

What noob?

F*ck!

Wasn't this too insulting?

Do you f*cking want my face?

"No, no, no…"

Qin Luo waved his index finger in agreement. "Of course we can't beat you!"

"At least you know your place!"

The Snow Goddess of Evil was a little stunned. Perhaps she did not know why Qin Sheng, who was still full of fighting spirit just a moment ago, was terrified in the next second. However, she, who was certain that she was going to take them down, did not care about this.

"Don't panic, I'm not done yet!"

A faint smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's lips. He had a nonchalant look on his face. However, his sword suddenly jerked and pointed at the Snow Goddess of Evil from afar. "We can't, but I can!"

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

* * * * * * * *

Elegant plain white lotus: ╭ (╯ ▽ ╰)

City-Toppling Peony: (∞ ω ∞)

"…"

The Snow Goddess of Evil was also stunned by Qin Luo's showy handling. She then looked at Qin Luo Sheng strangely and said, "You're really very confident!"

"Of course!"

Qin Luo Sheng twisted his neck and ignored the four gazes that were filled with different emotions. He raised his arm. "Xiaoxiao!"