Chapter 520: Shocking Reward (2)

"— Blessing!"

A rich azure light rose and entered Qin Luo and the others' bodies.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the Snow Goddess' Blessing. Received: Ice-type resistance permanently + 30%, Ice-type negative effects reduced by 50%, Ice-type damage + 50%!

Qin Luo was pleasantly surprised by the system's prompt.

This was truly an unexpected gain!

"As for you!"

Upon receiving the rewards, the Snow Goddess looked towards Sanguine Primrose, who was also the one who had accepted this mission. After hesitating for a moment, she touched her chest with her finger. In the next moment, an azure bead flew out and entered her chest.

"Ding! All players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note that the Chinese player Sanguine Primrose has successfully completed the S rank two quest and advanced to the second stage. She has received a special class advancement reward: Goddess of Snow's Godly Essence (Broken), Goddess of Snow's Scepter, Reputation + 10,000. This is an announcement!"

Ding…

Ding…

Three deafening system announcements rang throughout the world.

Qin Sheng did not know how the others reacted.

But his eyes were red with envy.

F*ck.

The blue bead was a God Horoscope?

I was going to fucking throw up.

Isn't this reward too awesome?

Godhood!

This was the proof of God. It represented not only qualifications, but also strength!

In other words, the Snow Goddess’ godhead was the Law of Ice and Snow.

Damn it!

This was the end.

Sanguine Primrose felt like she was about to fly into the heavens.

Even if it was just a damaged divinity, it probably wouldn’t be able to display much of its power. At the moment, it would only increase one’s strength to a certain extent, but who knew how far it would develop in the future?

Besides.

This increase in strength was definitely not something that could be underestimated.

It was a huge leap.

It was definitely a leap to the heavens.

"It's too difficult for me!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh.

After meeting Sanguine Primrose, the trip to the Moon Temple, the trip to the Ice and Snow Shrine, not only did he manage to bring her into the Rankings Board, he even obtained a level 9 Ice Spirit and became the first Second Stage Professional, making a name for himself all over the world. Now, he even obtained the ultimate reward…

Lost! Lost!

How much benefits would this bring after Rose's manipulation?

And him?

An employee!

Apart from a few thousand crystal coins, what else was there?

Equipment priority?

He ~ tui ~

Indeed.

The Clown is me!

Initially, he had thought that he was the one who earned the most money. However, it seemed like he had underestimated this capitalist and this woman Sanguine Primrose.

Fortunately.

This was the last time.

In the future.

They parted ways.

There was a lesbian in the color, and they would never see each other again.

"Ding, players from all over the world, please take note. All players from all over the world, please take note. Due to the appearance of the first Second Stage Professional, the system will undergo a 10-hour update. Please go offline within five minutes. After five minutes, you will be forcibly kicked offline. You will bear the consequences! Please check the official website for the updated content!"

Ding…

Ding…

Not long after the first three prompts ended, the next three prompts followed.

Update?

Qin Luo was slightly excited.

Every update brought many new things.

In the past, many games became trashier the more they were updated.

However, Fate Dimension was different.

There were still many functions that had not been released in this game. Many scenarios had not been activated and many missions had not appeared.

The more updates, the more surprises there would be.

"Little Xue!"

After receiving the Godly Essence, the Goddess of Snow's originally snow-white face turned even paler at a speed visible to the naked eye. Having lost the Godly Essence, she almost lost her balance. If it weren't for Shui Sheng hugging her, she might have already collapsed to the ground.

"Then, Tear Snow Village, no, Bird Whisper Village?"

Sanguine Rose had obtained the Divine Spark and Scepter, and her mission had been completed. However, Qin Luo hadn't expected her to ask something that was already irrelevant.

"A casual question? Or is this woman not as cold as she looks?"

Qin Qin Sheng was puzzled.

"Without my support, the snow will dissipate soon!"

The Snow Goddess shook her head and answered this question. She then shifted her gaze to Qin Sheng.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

He was dumbfounded.

Big boss.

Why are you looking at me?

"Now that my wish has been fulfilled and my obsession is gone, there is nothing left to worry about in this world!"

As if she had noticed Qin Sheng's apprehension, the Goddess of Snow revealed a gentle smile and said in a much gentler tone, "However, there are still two problems that have yet to be solved!"

Two questions?

Qin Qin Sheng's heart trembled.

Could it be…

Something to do with me?

"Bird Whisper Peak was originally the territory of the Flower Goddess. In my rage, I turned this place into a danger zone, causing the Flower Goddess to lose her foundation and weaken day by day. Even so, she abided by her duty and protected the villagers of Bird Whisper Village!”

Qin Luo was enlightened.

‘ I see.’

Previously, he was still curious about the weather of the Tear Snow Village. Not only was it freezing cold, but supplies were also extremely scarce. How did those villagers survive?

With the help of the Flower Goddess, it would not be surprising.

"She declined because of me and died because of my evil thoughts. This karma is too great. Right now, I'm all alone with Brother Shuisheng to head to the Netherworld Palace to understand this karma."

The Snow Goddess looked at Qin Sheng with a burning gaze, causing him to smile bitterly.

Big boss.

Did you find the wrong person?

I'm just a f * * king newbie!

How can I interfere in the matters between you gods?

It was too good!

"You don't have to belittle yourself!"

The Snow Goddess immediately saw through Qin Sheng's thoughts. She shook her head and said seriously, "If anyone else has the qualifications, it'll definitely be you!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Was he that sure?

Am I that good?

Why don't I know?

"If I'm not wrong, you have the power of the Dragon God, the power of the Death God, the power of the God of Life, the power of Buddha, and…"

The Snow Goddess said confidently, "With so many divine powers, your future is completely unimaginable. You are definitely my best choice."

Qin Sheng:…

So that's how awesome I am?

"What do you want me to do?"

The Goddess of Snow’s request was not a simple quest. At the very least, it was an [S] class quest. It would be an idiot not to accept it.

Even if he was not confident, he should not be afraid.

If he could not do it now, could he not do it in the future?

Ignoring everything else.

He would take it first.

As for how?

Study it again!

Could a living person be suffocated to death by urine?

"Come out!"

Seeing that Qin Luo had loosened his mouth, the Goddess of Snow beckoned behind her.

He shifted his gaze.

Following the Snow Goddess’ cry, a small and cute ‘mutt’ jumped out timidly.

This… this is?

Qin Qin's eyes widened abruptly.