Chapter 527: Repeating The Scroll

"So powerful!"

Qin Qin Sheng trembled all over. He had almost lost his virginity!

"This is an explosive increase!"

His Constitution increased to five times, and so did his Mind.

At the same time.

The effects of the two special effects were also greatly increased.

The resurrection skill changed from once a day to three times a day. After reviving, its status increased from 50% to 80%!

Moreover…

That was because the Flower Goddess had gained another skill—the Flower Goddess' Spirit.

This was a buff skill that suited the characteristics of the Flower Goddess. It was an auxiliary skill and was related to life.

"I now have another trump card against Long Yuan!”

Qin Qin was overjoyed.

The sense of loss that he had felt from the heavy blow from the [Ice Spirit Ring] had also dissipated.

"Comfortable! Comfortable!"

Qin Sheng put on the [Life Suppliant] once more and looked at the attributes that had increased tremendously. His face was full of smiles.

Ding… your [Life Prayer (Flower God)] score is 90358. You can be ranked second on the Equipment Leaderboard. Do you want to be ranked? '

"On the list!"

This time, Qin Sheng did not hide anything.

Previously, the [Life Prayer] was also on the rankings, and it had occupied the first place for a long time. Ever since the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] evolved into a Legendary weapon, along with the [Ghost Face] [Soul Guiding Lamp] and other Legendary weapons, its ranking had continuously dropped, falling quite miserably.

Now.

He was finally able to hold his head high. Even if he did not return to his peak, at least he was ranked second, right?

Would this thing be exposed?

Qin Luo was not worried at all.

Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were the easiest to expose.

Except.

They had seen the mutation of [Life Prayer] and the Flower Goddess' actions.

As such,

Since [Life Suppliant] had evolved, from an Epic to a Legendary, there was nothing suspicious about it, right?

He just had to show it openly.

No need to be afraid.

Continue!

[Scroll: Repeated trick]

Type: Scroll

Grade:???

Effect: Used twice

Introduction: Can replicate the skill used previously and use it again!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Holy shit!

Was this scroll so bug-like?

Qin Luo's scalp tingled.

If he did not understand it wrongly, this was a skill duplication, and the grade was???? It meant that there was no limit. In other words, even a forbidden spell could be perfectly duplicated?

Too fierce!

"How could Sanguine Primrose bear to release this scroll?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. "Then how amazing is that recipe that she's willing to give up on?"

‘ I can’t think.’

Still.

Qin Luo did not mind.

To him, regardless of whether the formula was God, he still preferred this scroll.

The formula was only to earn money, and this scroll could save lives and increase one's combat ability. It could even turn the tables at critical moments.

"After the evolution of the Life Suppliant, I have another trump card against the Dragon Abyss."

That's right.

Right now, what Qin Sheng was thinking about was the battle with the Dragon Abyss.

After all.

That was the final stage of the SSS-rank mission. Everything he had done was for that battle.

Win. Embrace the world.

Losing was beyond redemption.

He really couldn't afford to lose!

Fortunately.

He still had ten days to prepare. Since the dungeon system happened to be out, not only could he gain more experience, but he could also fight for the first clear of the dungeon and obtain the unique high reward.

"I only hope that Long Yuan's strength is not too ridiculous!”

Qin Qin Sheng knew very well.

Even though Long Yuan had suppressed his cultivation level to the same level as him, that fellow's cultivation level was at least at the legendary level. It was very difficult to deal with him. It could even be said that his chances of winning were extremely low.

Before.

He had also faced two Legendary Bosses, the Undead Lich with the Moon God Stone, and the Enraged Goddess of Snow (Evil).

He could not win either of them.

The reason why he was able to win was because Little Heavenly Teacher Zhang Daoming had helped him cripple the Undead Lich, allowing him to take advantage of the situation. The latter was aided by the Flower Goddess, which gave him a terrifying buff, allowing him to evolve from Weeping Soul to Super Weeping Soul. Only then did he successfully kill the Boss!

Yet.

Facing the Dragon Abyss, there were no outsiders to assist him. He could only rely on himself.

This 1v1 duel was a real one-on-one fight without any external factors.

That would be very difficult!

"Based on the lowest level Legendary Boss, my current strength is less than 30%."

Qin Luo Sheng did some calculations and could not help but let out a heavy sigh. "If we want to increase our strength and thus increase our chances of winning, there's no good direction at the moment. The only thing we can do is the dungeon given by the system."

"Tomorrow!"

"From tomorrow onwards, unless necessary, do not go offline. Stay in the dungeon and obtain all the rewards."

Why not today?

It was not that Qin Luo wanted to waste time, but that he had used the Dragon's Blood Ignition. Today, he was in a weakened state.

Challenging a difficult dungeon with 10% attributes?

Wasn't that courting death?

"Alright, stop thinking about that!"

Qin Luo suddenly patted his cheeks and forced himself to turn his attention over. "Let's continue to count the last few items. After we're done, it's time to go out and take a look at the shop. I haven't done it in two days. I wonder if the goods have been sold out!"

[Second-Wood Body] Spirit Body of the Wood Spirit Body of the Five Elements. Flower Goddess Shattering Divine Spark. Awakening after using the ultimate blessing. Effect: Wood Element Affinity, Immunity to Instant Kill, Immunity to Dark Element debuff, Immunity to Curse. Skill Recovery Effect + 50%, Plant Alchemy Success Rate + 30%, Output + 20%, Explosion Rate + 5%!

[Second-Wood Resuscitation] Effect 1: Cost 10,000 Mana, Increases the growth rate of plants by 30% (can only be used once for the same target); Effect 2: Consumes 10,000 Mana, restores your body to its peak state! Cooldown time: 24 hours! (Remove all DEBUFFs, eliminate injuries, full Mana bar hunger, etc.)

What the heck?

Qin Luo was once again stunned.

Initially, he thought that with the Flower God's Blessing, Bighead's Health Points and Mana would be permanently increased by 100%, and the effect of the potion would be increased by 30%. Unexpectedly, the real Bighead was the last two skills.

Qin Luo's Yi Wood Physique had three great immunities, allowing him to not have to worry about dying without knowing why. Other than that, there was also the amplification effect for refining pills.

It seemed that other than weapon refinement and pill refinement, he would have to put his schedule on hold.

Or else.

Wouldn't that be a waste of this skill's effect?

The Second-Wood Revival had two effects. The first was that he was an expert in growing medicinal herbs. The second was that he had the strongest recovery technique. Other than the fact that it was ineffective when it came to consciousness, it was completely effective when it came to physical objects.

This skill, when combined with Dragon's Blood Igniting Death, was invincible!

After using the Dragon Blood Igniting Death, it would enter a weakened state. In the next second, it would use Yimu Revival to directly eliminate its weakness. Wouldn't that be perfect?