Chapter 525: The Ring Of Ice Spirit, The Qin Luo Of Extreme Joy

"This is four thousand crystal coins!”

Qin Luo Sheng accepted it without hesitation.

"Also, there are two Epic equipment, five Gold equipment, a scroll, a recipe, and other miscellaneous items."

Sanguine Primrose glanced at the tea table and placed the cup aside. She then took out a pile of loot from her bag and placed it on top of it.

"F*ck."

Ignoring the cold-faced Bloody Rose, Qin Sheng's gaze had long been attracted by the numerous spoils of war. Especially when he saw the two pieces of Epic equipment shining with purple light, he almost drooled. "I thought it was just one piece, but I didn't expect it to drop two pieces. Awesome ~!"

"According to the rules, this ring is mine!"

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at one of the two pieces of Epic equipment and said, "Five pieces of Gold equipment. You can take all that you don't need. Also, I have the right to choose first, but I won't take advantage of you. We'll each have one scroll and recipe."

"Sure!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head in agreement.

In reality.

She still earned it.

If she really followed the original distribution rules, she would not get any of the most precious scrolls and formulas.

"I want the formula!"

Sanguine Primrose took the girl's advantage, took the recipe, and left the scroll for Qin Sheng.

Qin Sheng looked at the woman deeply without saying anything. He silently picked up the remaining scrolls on the table and stuffed them into his backpack.

There was no difference in the value of the scrolls and formulas.

However…

That would depend on the situation.

For a large faction, one-time use scrolls were definitely not comparable to formulas, which could continuously produce products, or even unique products that could monopolize the market.

Even…

If the product was good enough, it could be used as a strategic resource.

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng did not mind either.

After all.

He was alone.

Formulas were not very useful.

In comparison.

The scroll was more suitable for him.

"According to the market price, these are all purchased by me!"

Sanguine Primrose once again requested for a trade and placed a hundred thousand gold on the bar: "Thanks to you this time, I've managed to round it up."

Yo ~

100,000 gold coins!

As expected of the rich lady of Sanguine Rose, the leader of the Primrose Militia!

"In that case, thank you!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay much attention to it. He simply clicked 'confirm' and accepted the huge sum.

‘ No.’

Until now.

100,000 gold coins was not a huge sum.

The price of gold coins went from the initial 10,000 RMB per gold coin to the increase in the drop rate of monster experience and coins after yesterday's update. In addition to the opening of the dungeon and the opening of the dungeon quest, the players had a fixed income of gold coins every day. The price of gold coins dropped in a straight line. Now, it had already dropped by three digits and was about to reach double digits.

One gold coin was 100 times faster!

A hundred thousand gold coins was only ten million!

One piece of high-grade Epic equipment, five pieces of high-grade Gold equipment, plus a recipe, many Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and crystal coins!

It was definitely worth it!

Not to mention anything else, just that formula alone was probably worth more than 100,000 gold coins.

Except.

Qin Luo did not mind.

Right now, he only wanted to distance himself from this woman as soon as possible.

It would be best if they never met again.

"I hope we have a chance to work together!"

The human-like Sanguine Rose had naturally seen through Qin Sheng's expression and understood what he meant. As proud as she was, she naturally wouldn't be like those green tea girls who couldn't live without using men. She immediately turned and left.

"Tsk! We're finally free!"

Qin Sheng picked up a cup of tea from the table and took a sip as he watched Sanguine Primrose's figure disappear at the door. The fragrance lingering in his mouth made his mood even better.

"Come, come, come, it's time to count the spoils of war!"

Putting down his teacup, Qin Sheng rubbed his hands excitedly and began to move.

First,

There was no need to compare.

The starlight miracle began.

After upgrading all his equipment and props, Qin Sheng began to inspect them one by one.

First.

The ring he was most looking forward to.

[Ice Spirit Ring]

Type: Ring

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Level 40, Ice Mage

Durability: 30 / 30

Effect: Mana + 10,000, Constitution + 50, Spirit + 300

Special Effect: [Power of Ice] Passive effect, + 30% ice resistance, -10% fire resistance. Each attack will have the power of the Ice Spirit, causing an additional 50% ice damage. At the same time, there is a chance to trigger a speed reduction or freezing effect.

Additional Skill: [Ice Ring Barrier] Passive effect. When attacked, there is a chance to activate the Barrier and form an ice wall. It can completely block some of the damage. Active effect. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. The single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own mana). It is completely immune to damage. When attacked by Xmi (X is the Class Advancement number * 10), activate the Barrier. The single-target damage does not exceed X points (X is your own health points). Duration: 30 seconds! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Curses: Freeze for Ten Thousand Miles] activates all the ice elemental power contained in the Ice Spirit Ring. It will freeze everything within a 50x50-meter radius, causing 500% strong ice magic damage. At the same time, it will definitely freeze everything below the Legendary level for at least 5 seconds. Cooldown: 7 days! (After using the Forbidden Curses, all the effects of the Ice Spirit Ring will be sealed within 1 month!)

Introduction: The ring worn by the legendary Snow Goddess contains an extremely terrifying ability. Because it has been nourished by the Snow Goddess' divine power for a long time, it has gradually been contaminated with a trace of ice-elemental laws. If it can absorb more ice-elemental origin energy, it can even break through the restrictions and become a Mythical existence.

Qin Sheng's smile froze when he saw the legendary [Ice Spirit Ring] that had been sublimated to the legendary grade due to the starlight miracle. He looked as if he was doubting life.

???

System.

Are you messing with me?

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Was this something a human would do?

Such a heaven-defying Legendary ring, insane enhancement, and berserk effect, but…

Requirement: Ice Mage?

Fuck you!

Master was going to throw up.

Putting aside the effect.

It was terrifying.

At this stage, even if it was a mage who had all his points added to his Mental Strength, he would only have 10,000 Mana Points at most, not more than 20,000.

And this…

One piece of equipment not only directly + 10,000 Mana Points, but also 50 Constitution and 300 Spirit Points.

Explosion.

Yet.

Compared to the special effects and skills below, he was just a younger brother.