Chapter 521: Shocking Reward (3)

"Ice Crystal Charm Spirit?"

F*ck.

Wasn't this an ice crystal charming spirit?

That's right.

This blue body looked like a combination of a qilin and a pegasus. There was a horn on its forehead, there was no mistake!

No wonder.

He didn't see this fellow on the sixth floor.

It turned out that he had run to the real master to avoid disaster!

Wait!

Why did the Snow Goddess call her out?

What did she say just now?

It seemed like…

"Fuck!"

“Could it be that the Snow Goddess wants it?”

Instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng's heart started thumping furiously.

"She is my companion and my kin!"

The Snow Goddess bent down and picked up the Ice Crystal Succubus that had become the size of a mutt. She caressed her and said with a sad tone, "It's a pity that I can't take care of her anymore. All these years, she has accompanied me here without any regrets. She has the bloodline of the divine beast Qilin and the bloodline of the Ice Crystal Horned Horse. I can't bury her."

Wu wu wu…

The Ice Crystal Charm Spirit was connected to the Ice Goddess, so it naturally knew what she was going to do. It let out a low whimper and licked the Ice Goddess's face.

"In the battle with the God of Flames, she had also injured her origin source and her strength had greatly decreased. In the battle with you just now, her injuries had worsened and she had already degenerated to her current state. Furthermore, the damage to her origin source is too severe. Unless she has a heaven-defying spirit herb, it's very difficult for her to recover to her peak."

Qin Luo Sheng scratched his head awkwardly.

These words.

How am I supposed to answer that?

He had no choice but to fight just now.

Everyone had their own masters. If it wasn't the kind where one died, the other died. How could I dare to hold back?

Besides.

If I had held back, I would not have appeared here.

“I don’t mean to blame you.”

The Snow Goddess once again displayed her insight that was comparable to a mind-reading technique. She said to Qin Luo Sheng, "Break and then rebuild. Without breaking, there can be no construction. If you want her to recover to her peak, or even take another step forward, you can only undergo nirvana like a phoenix!"

Rebirth?

Qin Qin Sheng was incomparably astonished.

This was the Phoenix Clan's trump card talent!

“No, it isn’t true rebirth!”

The Snow Goddess noticed Qin Sheng's surprise and shook her head. "It's just that I used my energy to activate a secret technique to attain a different kind of nirvana. How about it? With such a powerful companion, it wouldn't be a loss for you to help me resolve the karma of the Flower Goddess, right?"

No loss!

No loss!

I'm going to make so much money!

Qin Luo Sheng almost drooled.

Thinking back to the Ice Crystal Succubus that he fought with just now, it was simply too cool and explosive, okay?

If he had such a mount, he would definitely die of happiness.

"Since that's the case, I'll leave her in your hands from now on!"

Unwilling to part with it, she caressed the Ice Crystal Succubus one last time. Enduring her sadness, the Snow Goddess's hand glowed with a rich blue light, enveloping the Ice Crystal Succubus.

Dong dong…

Dong dong…

Dong dong…

A heartbeat-like pulse of life sounded.

After a while.

The light faded.

The original Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit was gone, replaced by an azure sapphire-like pet egg.

"I'll leave her to you!"

The Snow Goddess stroked the Ice Crystal Succubus Egg reluctantly before handing it to Qin Sheng with a determined expression.

The young eagle would eventually spread its wings and soar.

His daughter would eventually marry someone else.

True love was not a form of pampering or obstruction. Instead, one would allow one to roam freely.

The Snow Goddess had done it.

Before her death, she did not forget her best companion, or perhaps her only kin.

"What do you want me to do?"

Qin Sheng carefully received the pet egg and felt its pulse as if he was hugging a treasure.

“The godhood of the flower goddesses was destroyed, and I can’t repair it.”

The Snow Goddess said, “She’s skilled in the dao of life and is inclined towards support. This is also the reason why she didn’t personally take action, but instead entrusted the battlefield to you. With her weak divine power and her shattered Divine Spark, she should have already died. However, the heavens will always leave a way out. Perhaps this is the blessing that she has received from protecting the human race for so many years. The moment she chose you, she chose a brand new path, perhaps a brighter path!”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Confused.

Big boss.

‘ Why don’t you say something about the Yang-Realm?’

The words from the netherworld in the clouds really sounded different!

“The flower goddesses are like me,” Yang Qi said. “They’ve only just begun to comprehend the power of law. They’re like lesser gods, far inferior to those who have.”

The Snow Goddess explained, “The divine power of the Flower Goddess belongs to the dao of life. That’s the key. There’s another key, and it’s in your body…”

On me?

Qin Luo Sheng was bewildered!

Immediately.

He seemed to have recalled something!

Life!

Life!

Haha!

So it was this!

“You mean it?”

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at the necklace around his neck, the [Life Praying] that was filled with vitality!

"That's right!"

The Goddess of Ice and Snow nodded with a smile. "That's the one. It contains boundless vitality. This boundless vitality is not just a measurement, but also a finger quality. Even if it's not something precious that the God of Life once used, it contains a trace of her divinity. It possesses the ability to resurrect the dead, so it's naturally useful to the Flower Goddess!"

“Is the flower goddess still alive?”

Qin Luo said in shock.

He had personally witnessed the death of the flower goddess, and there was no falsification whatsoever.

“No! The flower goddess is dead! The moment her godhood shattered, there was no flower goddess in this world. At the very least, there was no flower goddess like her!”

The Snow Goddess said, “However, she did not truly perish. Perhaps everything was truly fated. She chose you and placed all her hopes on you. You did not disappoint and defeated my evil thoughts. However, because of this necklace, after she self-destructed her godhead and soul, she did not disappear. Instead, she was absorbed.”

"What… what does this mean?"

Qin Luo Sheng felt that he could not think straight.

"Simply put, the Flower Goddess is just like Bing Bing!"

The Snow Goddess pointed at the Ice Crystal Spirit Pet Egg in Qin Luo's arms and said, "Just like Bing Bing, it has degenerated to its initial stage. However, when Bing Bing hatches, it is a physical entity with flesh and blood. The Flower Goddess only has her essence and soul left. Perhaps she can rely on the power of life to condense her body in the future, but now…"

Qin Qin Sheng understood.

The ice crystal charming spirit was a pet egg, it could be touched.

The flower goddess, however, did not have one. It was equivalent to a soul form.

“The necklace belongs to you, and the flower goddess resides in it. She helped you wipe out your enemies and gave you her blessing, and you owe her karma. But now, she’s alive because of you, and she owes you karma. You two are connected by destiny, and perhaps you’ll become inseparable.”

A faint smile appeared in the Goddess of Ice’s eyes. “Bing Bing entrusted me to you as payment for helping me repay the Karma of the Flower Goddess. Now that my Karma is gone, I can finally leave without any worries!”