Chapter 526: Life Prayer (Flower God)

[Power of Ice Spirit] had a special effect of increasing resistance and attacks. There was nothing much to say. It was more about face, but for mages, it was not a problem at all. After all, the output density was very high. Even if it was unlucky, under the guarantee of quantity, it would at least trigger once or twice, right?

Next.

Two active skills.

Compared to the ultimate forbidden technique, Qin Luo was more optimistic about [Ice Ring Barrier]!

Forbidden spells were also very powerful. They covered an extremely large area of 50x50 and could freeze anything below the Legendary level. Even though the damage was not high, the control effect was invincible.

This was the forbidden spell [Dual Fire and Ice Dragon Dance] that came with [Coiling Dragon Water]. One was ice and the other was fire. One controlled the other, and they complemented each other, becoming two trump cards.

Unfortunately.

Only ice mages could wear this damn [Ice Spirit Ring]!

Damn!

"If this thing was placed in the hands of a high-level player, it would be invincible!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but look at the [Ice Ring Barrier] once more. His heart trembled as he could not help but mutter to himself.

This thing.

He had already come into contact with the Goddess of Snow (Evil) during the battle.

At that time.

When attacking the Snow Goddess (Evil), that berserk Sword Qi was unable to advance even an inch. At close range, it was blocked by an endless wall of ice. Even from a distance, it was similar. They could only rely on quantity to suppress it.

Standing in the distance was a turtle shell.

If one stood close to it, they would become a porcupine!

He was really helpless.

Still.

The Goddess of Snow’s unique “Absolute Defense” was created on the [Ice Spirit Ring]. More accurately, it was created on the skill [Ice Ring Barrier].

There was no need to talk about being passive. There was a chance of triggering it and forming an ice wall to block damage or even immunity to damage.

The effect was quite strong.

Most importantly, it was active.

The active effects were divided into two levels—

The number of Class Advancement was the limit, and the amount of Health Points and Mana Points was the limit.

For example, if the wearer was currently a Second Stage Professional, then when they were attacked 20 meters away, as long as the damage caused by the attack did not exceed their magic value, the damage would not be effective and they would be completely immune.

If he was attacked within 20 meters, as long as the damage caused by the attack did not exceed his health points, the damage would not be effective and he would be completely immune to it.

Pervert!

Heaven-defying!

It was like a bug!

This was Qin Luo's first reaction.

He was truly invincible.

As long as he knew how to play a little and utilize the distance, it was equivalent to him being in absolute defense for 30 seconds, immune to any damage.

‘ Of course.’

To create such an effect, one must first know how to play, and also have high Health Points and Mana Points.

Or else.

Go fuck yourself.

Qin Luo Sheng was very suitable. No, it should be said that he was extremely compatible.

Firstly, he was very good at playing and was very fast. He could control the distance even better.

Secondly, his Health Points and Mana Points were very explosive. Especially after receiving the Flower Goddess' Blessing before her death, his Health Points permanently increased by 100%. Now that his Health Points had passed the 100,000 mark, his Mana Points were infinitely close to 100,000.

Based on his overall attributes, other than the powerful Legendary Bosses and even stronger Legendary Bosses, there was probably no one who could defeat him. One strike exceeded 100,000 points?

"What are you thinking about? Stop fucking fantasizing!"

Qin Luo Sheng slapped himself. The intense pain woke him up from his dream.

Qin Sheng's face twisted as he looked at the azure blue exterior in his hands. It was as beautiful as an ice crystal snowflake, and exuded a cool aura. Good heavens, he was wearing a mask of pain.

Why?

Why was such a freakish ring limited to ice mages?

I fucking cracked!

"F*ck, if I don't sell this ring for 100 million, my surname won't be Qin!"

Qin Luo Sheng fiercely put the [Ice Spirit Ring] into his backpack. Out of sight, out of mind.

It was a legendary grade ring with such powerful effects.

All these factors added up.

The price of this [Ice Spirit Ring] was very high.

Still.

This thing was level 40, and the highest level he had was only level 36. There was no hurry.

It would not be too late to take it out when the other players' levels increased and they could wear it.

"This dog B ring made me wear the mask of pain. On the day I sell it, I want the fated person who bought it to wear the mask of pain too."

Qin Luo Sheng thought evilly.

100 million?

No, no, no!

This was just the starting price.

At this stage.

Even Legendary equipment was worth a few million at the very least. Those with good effects were worth more than ten million.

Currently, he was the only one who had Legendary equipment. This was not just a symbol of status, it was also very practical. There was no need to talk about the price. Those big shots were so poor that they only had money left.

What if they couldn't sell it?

Then they wouldn't be able to sell it!

Qin Luo Sheng would rather keep it as a keepsake than sell it cheaply for others.

"Ding, your [Ice Spirit Ring] score is 89552 points. You can be ranked second on the equipment ranking. Do you want to enter the ranking?"

"Not on the list!"

Qin Luo Sheng refused without hesitation.

If it was anything else, he would have gone straight for it.

But.

This item had just been obtained from Sanguine Primrose and now it had turned from an Ancient to a Legendary item. How could this be explained?

At that time, even an idiot would know that he had the ability to increase the grade of his equipment. He would definitely attract endless trouble.

So.

There was no need to act like this!

He wept his soul. The legendary big boss that the players spoke of was already impressive enough. He did not need a mere Legendary equipment to make him look even better.

"The rewards for this trip are not bad. Other than the useless [Ice Spirit Ring], the materials and other miscellaneous goods aside, as for the equipment, there is nothing that can replace what I am wearing. They are all items that are sold in Hidden Dragon Pavilion."

Qin Luo stretched out his hand and removed the [Life Praying] from his neck. "However, there's still this. I hope you won't disappoint me!"

[Life Prayer (Flower Goddess)]

Type: Necklace

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: None

Effect: Constitution + 500, Spirit + 400

Special Effect: [Light of Life] is affected by the rich life force. It regenerates 5% health every second and 5% mana every second!

Special Effect: [Life Force] Life. Abhorred by death. Attacked by a death-type monster. Injury increased by 20%. Damage increased by 80% when attacking a dark-type creature. Negative effects have a large chance of triggering!!

Additional Skill: [Blessing of the Goddess of Life] is blessed by the Goddess of Life. After dying, it will revive on the spot. Health Points will be restored to 80%. It can only take effect three times a day!

Additional Skill: [Spirit of the Flower Goddess], the Flower Goddess after breaking the Godly Essence. Although her consciousness is gone, her energy is still there. Once activated, all attributes will be + 100%, Health Points recovery speed will be + 30% per second, Mana Recovery speed will be + 30% per second. Duration: 1 minute, Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: It's said to be a necklace worn by the Goddess of Life. It's tainted with the aura of the Goddess of Life. Whoever wears it will receive the blessings of the Goddess of Life. Their body will be filled with vitality and possess the heaven-defying ability to revive from the dead!