Chapter 528: Legendary Mount: Ice Crystal Charming Spirit

"Tsk, tsk!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed. "Looks like there's no need to wait until tomorrow to challenge the dungeon!—Yi Wood Revival!"

He used his skill without hesitation.

As 10,000 points of magic were consumed, Qin Sheng's entire body shone with a jade-green glow, enveloping his entire body.

A warm feeling arose. Within a few seconds, the initial weakness had completely disappeared. Qin Luo had returned to his peak state of 100%.

"It's really effective?"

Pinching his fist that was filled with strength, Qin Sheng could not help but smile. "You're awesome!"

He got up.

He moved his body.

After feeling it for a while, Qin Sheng sat down again. At the same time, he took out two pet eggs from his backpack and placed them on the table.

It was the pet egg of an Ice Crystal Charm Spirit that contained the bloodline of a Qilin!

One: Silver pet (Rank 6 or 7) Ice Crystal Horned Horse’s pet egg! (Collected from Ice Crystal Knight’s mount. See Chapter 490 for details)

Starlight Miracle.

A dense light flashed.

As expected.

The two pet eggs were successfully sublimated.

"NICE!"

Qin Luo snapped his fingers excitedly.

Initially, it was just a probing attack and he was already prepared to fail or be ineffective. He did not expect that the starlight miracle could even sublimate the pet egg.

Starlight Miracle, Yidds, awesome ~ ~

"Are there no episodes?"

He first picked up the Ice Crystal Horned Horse’s pet egg and discovered that it had only been upgraded from Silver to Gold. The highest was a ninth-level pet. He couldn’t help but feel disappointed.

"Not bad!"

Still.

Qin Sheng was not as irritable as when he was faced with the [Ice Spirit Ring].

"Here comes the highlight!"

Qin Sheng put down the Ice Crystal Horned Horse's pet egg and drank two cups of tea to suppress the restlessness in his heart. Then, he reached out and picked up the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's pet egg.

Legend!

"Hahahaha…"

Qin Luo could not help but laugh out loud when he saw the two words.

"Incubate, incubate!"

Without hesitation, Qin Sheng began to hatch.

"Blood!"

He chanted silently and a wound appeared on his right index finger. Blood dripped onto the azure pet egg.

Buzz…

The blood fused into the room, and in an instant, a rich blue light shone, illuminating the entire room with the color of the sky.

One drop, two drops, three drops…

Ten drops, fifty drops, a hundred drops…

After some time.

It was only when Qin Luo's face started to turn pale that the pet egg that had been trembling and sucking his blood frantically finally cracked!

"This, this is…"

Qin Luo Sheng stared at the meatball that looked like a newborn mutt with his mouth agape. It rolled out and looked at him with watery eyes. It barked at him with a strange expression. "What ghost? This is the Qilin bloodline? This is the incomparably cool Ice Crystal Charming Spirit?"

"Ding… Legendary pet Ice Crystal Succubus is born after absorbing your blood. It has signed a blood contract with you and will automatically recognize you as its master. Ice Crystal Succubus can develop into a regular pet or mount. Please choose the direction of its growth? (Note: Once you choose the direction of its growth, it cannot be changed)"

The system's prompt made Qin Sheng feel relieved.

Not that she had been replaced.

It was because this fellow was like this when he was young!

Thinking back to when Xiaoxiao was just born, it was not much different. A mighty True Dragon was like a loach!

"Mount!"

In the face of two choices, Qin Sheng chose the direction of his mount's growth without hesitation.

What a joke.

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit was a Qilin of the beast king and a hybrid of a spirit beast, Ice Crystal Spirit Horse. It had extraordinary talent, how could it be buried for nothing?

As an existence of the same magic type, in terms of pets, Qin Sheng already had Little Tiny, the terrifying all-elemental Raging Artillery. It was meaningless to turn the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit, a fellow with pure ice magic, into a pet.

Thus…

The mount was her home!

Coincidentally.

Qin Luo Sheng was still lacking a good mount. The Ferghana horse he had bought from the system's store really did not suit his identity as a Weeping Soul Beast.

"Ow ow ow…"

After successfully recognizing its master and planning its future path, the ice crystal charming spirit ate its eggshell one bite at a time before lying on the table and falling asleep.

"This little guy…"

Qin Qin Sheng did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Still.

Still holding her carefully in his hands, he released the Ferghana horse without hesitation, emptying the only space for the mount and then letting her in.

Following that…

Checking attributes!

[Ice Crystal Charm Spirit (Unnamed)]

Level: 0

Type: Mount

Grade: Legendary

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Health Points: 3,500

Mana: 2000

Physical Attack: 200

Magic Attack: 50

Physical Defense: 80

Magic Defense: 30

Speed: 1000

Skill: [Qilin Body] Passive: Increases physical defense and magic defense by 20%. It has a certain deterrent effect on beasts. It is not higher than a level 20 beast. It cannot attack!

[Mountain Treading Water] Passive. After successfully obtaining a mount, Level 10 Awakens the ability to walk on mountains as though they were on flat ground. Level 30 Awakens the ability to walk on water. Level 50 Awakens the ability to fly. Level 80 Awakens???? Level 100 Awakens???

[Rapid Sprint] Passive. When not in combat mode, speed + 300%!

[Qilin Flash] focused its energy on the horn on its forehead and used the super high-speed Mercedes to collide with the single target, causing 500% damage to the target. At the same time, at a 10-meter distance in a straight line, the target would receive 200% damage and a penetrating effect. Cooldown: 1 hour!

“Bang!”

Qin Qin Sheng gave him a thumbs up.

As expected of a legendary mount, its attributes and effects did not let down this grade.

He ignored everything else. As a mount, its speed was definitely the fastest. As for the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit, its speed was as high as 100 points at Level 1. It was simply explosive.

Other than that.

The special effect [Rapid Sprint] also showed the effects of the mount. If it was not in a battle state, its speed would be increased by 300%. This was definitely a great skill for traveling!

And—

[Mountain Treading Water] was also awesome.

According to the increase in the level of the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit, it would continuously awaken its abilities. First, it would step on the mountain, then it would walk on water, then it would fly into the sky. It would turn into an ability. Awesome ~

"Name?"

After carefully admiring the attributes and abilities of the Ice Crystal Succubus, Qin Sheng shifted his gaze to that area. As a loser who had difficulty choosing and naming difficulties, this was really quite difficult for him.

"The Ice Crystal Charm Spirit is a mother qilin, right?"

Qin Qin Sheng stroked his chin and racked his brains, rejecting one name after another. In the end, he gave up and chose a word from her race name, overlapping it.

Yes, that's it!

Perfect!

"Are you sure you want to name the ice crystal charming spirit as' Bing Bing '?"