Chapter 524: The New Village Of Birdsong

Qin Luo smiled smugly.

"Hehe, I just don't know if those players who sold the crystal coins before are regretting it now. However, even if they made a huge profit, it won't be easy to collect the next batch of crystal coins. Even if they did, the price would definitely be a little high. Moreover, it will cause a chain reaction, which will definitely cause crystal coins to become rare and hard to collect. Tsk!"

He felt helpless.

He was also a little unhappy.

Fortunately.

Qin Qin was not particularly concerned.

The reward that Sanguine Primrose had promised for this quest added up to a total of 6000 crystal coins, which was not far from the required 10,000 crystal coins.

He did not believe it.

Not even four thousand crystal coins in three days?

As long as he solved the urgent matter at hand and obtained the precious Nine Syllables Mantra,

As for the rest.

Whatever.

He was very Buddha-like.

If there was, there was. If there wasn't, there wasn't.

"Yes, it's about time to enter the game!"

Qin Luo turned off the official website and glanced at the time. It was already past nine in the morning. The ten-hour update time had long passed.

From now on, there was no limit to the game time. There was no need for it to be like before, where there was a limit to the game time, and they had to make progress on time.

Back in the room.

He lay down in the gaming capsule.

It started.

The nutrient fluid was injected.

With this thing, he could completely maintain the consumption of his body every day for several days without eating, drinking, or going offline. He could even use the best nutrient solution for the longest month.

Terrifying!

However, Qin Luo would not do that. If he was the only one, he might try it. After all, he was a loser. It did not matter. But with Nan Nan around, he was afraid that she would starve to death in bed without him.

"Enter the game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared in the world of destiny.

Disregarding the system's unchanging "welcome" prompt, Qin Sheng stood at the top of the mountain and looked down.

Here.

It was no longer the thousands of miles of snow and ice that he remembered. Instead, it was full of life.

Winter left and spring came.

Finally.

The snowy peak of Tear became Bird Whisper Peak again.

Tear Snow Village had once again become Bird Whisper Village.

“One day, this place will once again be filled with beautiful scenery.”

Turning his head, he looked at the Ice Goddess Hall that had stood towering here yesterday. At this moment, it had become a blank space, with not even a single speck of ice remaining. Qin Luo Sheng could not help but recall the faces of Shuisheng and the Goddess of Ice. He recalled how they had held hands and leaned against each other as they stepped through the gates of the Netherworld…

After a long period of silence, Qin Sheng turned around and left. The breeze blew his cloak that was like a cloak.

…

Tear Snow Village.

‘ No.’

It should be called Bird Whisper Village now.

Qin Luo once again appeared here.

It was like a lifetime ago.

The coldness and deathly stillness vanished, replaced by new life and hope.

The villagers, who were like walking corpses, went out. Facing the sunlight that they might never see in their entire lives, they ran crazily, shouting and crying… Heartbreaking!

Amongst the crowd, Qin Luo Sheng could also see that her hair had already turned white. Her figure was hunched, her wrinkles densely covered her face, and her eyes were turbid. Perhaps she was the Jade Slave Old Woman who was about to be born.

At this moment, her expression was peaceful and gentle. As she faced the sunlight, she squinted her eyes and sized it up. Her face relaxed and revealed a faint smile…

"Is that so? Has he been redeemed?"

Qin Sheng, who was standing on the high ground outside the village, did not enter the village. He did not want to disturb the revelry of a group of people who had crawled out of the abyss of despair and regained their life and hope. "That's great!"

He turned around.

He left without hesitation!

Granny Yu Nu, who was basking in the sun, seemed to have sensed something. She turned her head and saw a figure slowly walking away…

She smiled!

"Thank you, thank you! Thank you, Brother Shuisheng! Thank you, Xiao Xue!"

Old granny Yu Nu narrowed her eyes as she sat on the couch that her father had left behind for her a hundred years ago. As she listened to the wild cheers from the surroundings, she felt the warmth that she had not felt in a long time as the sun shone down on her. She looked at the birds flying across the horizon and said, "Birdsong Village, we are back!"

…

Outside the Birdsong Village.

In a ruined temple.

‘ No.’

It was more like a shrine than a temple.

Qin Luo Sheng stood there and sighed slightly as he looked at the god statue being consecrated in the shrine.

He opened the virtual trading platform and bought a few hard dishes and pastries.

They set the offering table.

"You have already passed away. However, your contributions and sacrifices will not be forgotten by the villagers of Bird Whisper Village. After Granny Jade Slave, there should be other witches that will be born and become your servants."

Qin Luo Sheng touched his chest where the Life Suppliant was emitting dense life fluctuations and said in a low voice, "The Birdsong Village that you protected has already been reborn, and you should also have this blessing. Yesterday, it was you who protected me and gave me hope. Next, it's my turn to return this favor. In the future, I will protect you until the day you recover."

A cool breeze blew.

There was no one outside the ruined shrine. There were only a few plates of neatly stacked tributes that were steaming. Through the steam, one could vaguely see the god statue inside the shrine. It was the image of a cute girl with four wings on her back, full of divinity…

…

After two days.

Qin Luo returned to Star Glory City.

Although it had only been a short period of time, the experiences of the past two days made him feel as if he was in a different world.

"You're online?"

Just as Qin Luo was about to make a trip back to Hidden Dragon Pavilion to check his harvest, his communicator rang.

Sanguine Primrose?

I haven't gone to look for you, but you came to look for me first?

Very good!

He was just worrying about not getting the reward of 4,000 crystal coins!

Other than that, there were also the spoils of war dropped by the Goddess of Snow (Evil). They had not been divided yet.

At the very least, it was an Epic equipment. If he used the Starlight Miracle and instantly turned it into a legend, who could withstand it?

The battle against Long Yuan was getting closer. Every piece of equipment that could increase one's strength was of great help!

"Where are we meeting?"

Qin Luo Sheng cut straight to the point.

"…"

Perhaps he had not expected Qin Luo to be such a straight guy. Sanguine Primrose, on the other hand, had a rare moment of silence, as though she had choked on her words.

"Your old local teahouse!"

After replying, Sanguine Primrose hung up.

"Heh! You have such a day?"

Qin Luo did not mind at all. Instead, he smiled smugly.

To be able to break through Sanguine Primrose's defence was not easy!

Without stopping to rest, he rushed to the teahouse not far from the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. It was still the same old place. He chose that elegant room and ordered a pot of tea. Disregarding Sanguine Rose, Qin Sheng started to enjoy the tea by himself.

Not long after.

There was a knock on the door.

The person who came in was not Lily, the "exclusive" liaison officer, but—

Sanguine Primrose?