Chapter 529: What Class Am I?

"Are you sure you want to name the ice crystal charming spirit as' Bing Bing '?"

"Yes!"

"Naming successful!"

OJBK!

After dealing with the Ice Crystal Succubus, Qin Luo turned his gaze to the Snow Unicorn Horse's pet egg.

Ding… hatched ninth level pet Snow Unicorn. This pet is a special pet. You can choose to hatch it into a regular pet or mount!

The moment their palms touched, the system notification sounded beside their ears.

"No incubation!"

With Xiaoxiao as a pet and Bing Bing as a mount, both of them were legendary existences with the bloodline of a mythical beast.

How could Qin Luo Sheng possibly care about the Snow Unicorn Horse, a mere ninth-rank pet?

Besides.

This guy was in complete conflict.

In terms of magic, she was no match for Xiaoxiao.

In terms of mounts, they could not compare to Bing Bing.

What could he do?

Give up!

“A ninth rank pet. A ninth rank pet that can turn into a mount. It must be worth a lot of money, right?”

Qin Luo had come to open the Pet Rankings Board. He glanced at the Rankings Board. Other than his own Little High Xuan Leaderboard, the second place was Sanguine Rose's Ice Spirit. The third and fourth place also became ninth rank pets. The rest were all eighth rank pets!

"Looks like there are quite a few lucky people recently!"

He remembered that there were still seventh and sixth-level pets on the Pet Roll the day before yesterday. In just two days, the lowest was a eighth-level pet.

He closed the Pet Leaderboard and opened the Mount Leaderboard.

As expected.

He had just gotten rid of Bing Bing single-handedly and rushed straight to first place.

And below.

The second-ranked pet was a seventh-rank pet. Three to nine were sixth-rank and fifth-rank pets. The tenth-rank pet was Kong Xuan!

In other words…

Currently, there were only nine pets above level five in the entire Huaxia warzone, including him, who had a legendary pet. It was really too difficult.

"Pets are becoming more popular now. The mount system that will be added later on will probably be the same soon. After all, there are so many players in the Chinese warzone. Even if the probability of capturing a mount is one in a million, it's still far from something a small leaderboard can contain."

Qin Luo Sheng closed the mount rankings and gulped down the tea beside him. He stood up, paid the bill and left.

…

According to the original plan, Qin Sheng wanted to manage the affairs of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal. He wanted to supplement the goods and distribute the ingredients.

After all.

If he fell into a weakened state, he could forget about fighting.

Except.

Since the Yimu Resuscitation had restored his body, there was no time to waste.

He spent a few hours replenishing the potions in large quantities. At the same time, he took out the revenue from the past two days and obtained Mansion Number One from the remaining main cities.

Back and forth.

His Reputation Points were once again wiped clean. Not to mention the millions of gold coins, he had invested all of them.

Fortunately.

A few deed deeds were enough to comfort him.

After replenishing the potions, he added a portion of the various spirit beast meat he had collected from the Snow Demons into the demon beast meat he had obtained from the Moon God Temple and sent it to the nine restaurants.

After thanking all the chefs and big shots, Qin Luo went to the front desk to check the accounts and then slowly returned to the Luoshen Residence.

After a 'friendly' exchange with Mengmeng, Qin Sheng watched as she ran away shyly with a flushed face. Sensing the lingering fragrance on the corner of her lips and the softness on her palm, he beamed brightly.

Unfortunately.

After such intimate contact, Mengmeng's affection level did not increase. It was still at 92, and her head hurt.

Looks like…

After the affinity exceeded 90, it would be difficult to increase it.

"D * mn, if this continues, when will we be able to hit the home run?"

A certain losers could not help but wail.

A few minutes later.

After wandering around the secret chamber once, he placed quite a number of goods inside and took out quite a number of talismans, Qin Sheng. With a face full of murderous intent, he left the Luo Shen Residence and headed straight for the new NPC, the Instance Dungeon's Teleporter, and went!

"Right!"

After repairing all the equipment on his body, Qin Sheng, whose heart ached as he watched the gold coins being consumed, stopped in his tracks and turned to face the other side, "How could I have forgotten about my Class Advancement? Even if the reward for the first Second Stage Profession was taken away by Sanguine Primrose, I still have to change my Class Advancement. After the Second Stage Profession, the Shadow Warrior might have evolved as well. If not, wouldn't it be great if I could strengthen my skills and even learn new moves?"

Professional Hall!

When they left the Beginner's Village, the first place the players came to was this place to complete their official Class Advancement!

Now.

He had reached Level 30 and returned to this place once again. He had taken another Class Advancement and was now a Second Stage Professional.

There were not many people in the hall.

After all.

At this stage, those who could reach level 30 and meet the conditions of the Second Stage Profession were the most elite group. At most, there should be around ten thousand of them.

Besides.

This was just a mission. It wouldn't take long. After receiving it, they would be in a hurry. Why would anyone stay and waste time?

In comparison.

There were many people here because…

"Brother, Class Advancement? Impressive! I'm from XX Mercenary Group. Do you want to join us? The treatment is good, the benefits are good, there are many girls…"

"Get lost. Who do you think your XX Mercenary Group is? Brother, don't listen to him. Join our XX Mercenary Group. I guarantee you won't regret it!"

"How rude. Little brother, do you want to join our XX Mercenary Corps? In our mercenary corps, not all of us are pretty little sisters! Little brother can be a Second Stage Professional, so he must be very strong, right? The little sisters in our mercenary corps worship experts. As long as you work a little harder, you can make it big!"

"She actually used a beauty trap? Despicable! Brother, don't listen to this b * tch. Come to my XX Mercenary Corps, your monthly salary is ten thousand, and you'll be paid five per month, insurance, and gold. Every day, your passion is endless, your activities are plentiful, your rewards are plentiful, and your PK Potion will be reimbursed. If you're a brother, then come and cut me down!"

"…"

Qin Sheng:…

Were these guys crazy?

With such eloquence, it would be a pity if he didn't do it!

"Sorry, I already have a mercenary group!"

Qin Qin Sheng called out loudly.

He had to do it this way!

This group of people had blocked the entrance so tightly that not even a drop of water could pass through. If they didn't give up, it would be difficult to enter.

"Sigh, I knew it. How can a big shot who can reach level 30 not have any power?"

"100 million!"

"This is f*cking embarrassing again. Why would such a big shot care about our weak conditions?"

"Boohoo, Little Brother is gone again!"

"…"

Qin Sheng, who had pushed through the crowd and rushed into the main hall, broke out in cold sweat when he heard the discussion behind him.

Fortunately, he was wearing a mask. Otherwise, if these guys found out that he was Weeping Soul Beast, they would go crazy!

Inside the vocation hall!

This place was very spacious. According to the classification, it was divided into six regions!

As he looked at the six distinct regions, the six icons representing the characteristics of the vocation, Qin Luo Sheng suddenly discovered a problem—

What was his occupation?