Chapter 523: Game Update: Enhancement System

‘ Of course.’

It was not that wild dungeons were useless.

Wilderness dungeons were a huge treasure trove. As long as you found it, as long as you cleared it, 100% of the first clear would belong to you. Furthermore, as long as your face was not too dark, there would basically be good items dropped.

Again.

Every player could receive their daily missions from the teleportation team.

The daily quests included a considerable amount of EXP and a small amount of coins. There were also some fragments of professional suits (mass-produced professional suits were basically blue equipment of the same level in the dungeon). If one persisted for a long time, the fragments would close together and they would have equipment. This was indeed good news for common players. To a certain extent, it solved the problem of common players not having a leveling ground or equipment.

Wuhu, take off!

Finally.

The update of the mercenary group.

The mercenary group and the future gang would be linked to the dungeon.

An indicator of prosperity had appeared in the mercenary corps. This was a symbol of the upgrade of the mercenary corps. Where did the prosperity come from? Besides relying on money, the popular method was for the members to complete their daily missions.

As for this daily quest, it was basically the same as the daily quest from the Instance Dungeon.

equivalent.

After completing a daily mission of a dungeon, one could submit two missions. One was the teleportation person of the dungeon, and the other was the mercenary group.

One was hard work while the other was rewarding.

Awesome!

Qin Luo could imagine.

In the future, the mercenary corps would be extremely popular. At least 99% of the common players would join a mercenary corps. After all, the experience and money rewards of the daily missions were very attractive. There were also equipment fragments that were very attractive.

"I knew it!"

Qin Luo Sheng also liked the content of this update very much. "The officials will come up with a policy sooner or later. After all, the common players are the true foundation, while the common players have no money, no equipment, and even their training grounds are monopolized by those big powers. How can this f*cking experience?"

"If it wasn't for the fact that 'Fate Dimension' is really heaven-defying and is the only virtual reality game in the current market, such a lousy game with such a poor experience would definitely cause the drop rate to skyrocket, and players would definitely lose a lot."

As a hanging player, Qin Sheng was naturally more concerned about ordinary players.

After all.

Without the support of ordinary players, how could the money-grubber find a sense of existence? Who would he show his presence to?

"It seems like I have to join this mercenary group or establish one myself!"

Looking at the simple and crude guide of the official dungeon that was exposed on the official website, as well as the coordinates of the location of the dungeon and the mission reward, he was very envious. "I don't care about the equipment fragments, nor do I care about a small amount of money. The most important thing is that the amount of experience points is quite large. Since I'm going to enter the dungeon anyway, why not complete a mission? Isn't this a free service? It's a waste if I don't want it."

A mercenary group!

Qin Luo was somewhat emotional.

If he was playing games in his previous life, a loser like him would definitely seek the protection of a big shot. He would join a faction and fight to the death for the leader, just to get a position. He wouldn't even have to be wary of being PKed when leveling up!

Still.

It was different now.

As a transmigrator big shot and a hacker player,

Looking for protection?

I am the greatest blessing!

"Join?"

Two mercenary groups flashed through Qin Luo Sheng's mind. They were the Jatu Mercenary Group and the Scarlet Rose Mercenary Group that he had joined before. The thought only existed for a moment before it was instantly rejected by him.

These two mercenary groups were both for missions. One was the Mercenary King, while the other was the Moon Temple. They had no other choice. After completing the mission, they immediately withdrew.

As the saying goes.

A good horse does not turn back.

Qin Qin Sheng would not return.

Again.

How could the current him submit to others?

It was just a mercenary group, not a gang. There was no need for management, no territory, no headquarters. It was very casual.

In addition to the [Establishment Certificate for Mercenary Corps], it was very cheap. There were a lot of them in the market and they could be easily received. It did not matter at all.

Since that was the case…

Then he would build his own mercenary group.

Coincidentally.

In order to conceal his identity, he had long lost the habit of interacting with others.

A single mercenary group?

Not bad!

"There's still one last update. Let me see what it is!"

After appreciating the first five updates, Qin Luo's fingers slid across the tablet and clicked on the next page!

6. Open the Enhancement System. You can use Augmenting Gems to enhance your equipment. Low-level Augmenting Gems can be enhanced to Level 1-3. Mid-level Augmenting Gems can be enhanced to Level 4-6. High-level Augmenting Gems can be enhanced to Level 7-10. Level 10 is the highest!

The chances of equipment strengthening were: Level 1 100%, Level 2 90%, Level 3 80%, Level 4 60%, Level 5 50%, Level 6 40%, Level 7 20%, Level 8 10%, Level 9 5%, Level 10 1%!

There was no loss in the first three levels of equipment improvement. From Level 4 to Level 6 enhancement, every failure would result in a drop in level. For example, if the level 5 enhancement reached Level 6, the equipment that was originally strengthened to Level 5 would fall to Level 4.

After the equipment was upgraded to level 7, the equipment would receive additional enhancement rewards. The higher the level, the higher the reward. At the same time, the equipment would have a special enhancement glow. Level 7 would be surrounded by orange light, Level 8 would be surrounded by silver light, Level 9 would be surrounded by golden light, and Level 10 would be surrounded by purple light.

Equipment enhancement could increase the success rate of spirit crystals by 5%.

After the equipment was upgraded to Level 7, the failure would drop directly to Level 0 and start from scratch.

Equipment Enhancement requires durability. Failure reduces durability by 5 points and cannot be enhanced by 5 points.

Equipment Enhancement is related to Class Level and Proficiency (Enhancing Weapons requires learning the forging skills of Blacksmiths, Enhancing Armaments requires learning the weaving skills of tailors, etc.), and is related to Luck Points.

"Holy f*ck!??"

Qin Qin Sheng was instantly shocked.

Enhancement system.

You're finally fucking here!

He figured out the use of crystal coins. They could be used as currency among high-end NPCs!

Now, the Boss Three Cripples (Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins) had become the Boss Three Treasures.

The Augmenting Gem and Spirit Crystal were finally useful.

Awesome!

He had accumulated a large amount of crystal coins in vain. When he was collecting crystal coins, he also collected strengthening stones and spirit crystals. He indeed had foresight.

Even though the harvest time was still short, only three days (the first day was weak, and the second day and the third day were carrying out Ice Snow Temple missions), as the Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion was opened in the nine main cities, it was crazily advertising.

Those players who had the goods would definitely help if they wanted to buy Hidden Dragon Pavilion's high-level potions and change their equipment. This way, they would receive quite a lot of goods.

"After today, apart from the fact that the function of the crystal coins has not been made public yet, the appearance of the strengthening system will definitely increase the price of the Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals by several folds!