Chapter 522: Game Update: Dungeon System

"…In that case, my karma will be gone and I can finally leave without any worries!"

As he spoke.

An azure glow appeared on the Ice Goddess' body.

Beside her, Shui Sheng, who had been protecting her and had not spoken for a long time, was the same.

"Thank you!"

Qin Luo Sheng hugged the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit Pet Egg tightly in his arms. He looked at the pair of man and woman who were holding each other's hands tightly and looking at each other affectionately with smiles on their faces. He was genuinely happy for them. "Congratulations!"

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The dim lights came on.

This was the light of the Soul Guiding Lamp.

Qin Luo Sheng held the Soul Guiding Lamp and shook it, activating [Soul Guiding]!

In an instant.

The gates of the Netherworld, open!

Shuisheng and the Snow Goddess turned around and nodded at him with a smile. Then, without hesitation, they walked towards the gate of the Underworld.

"Ding… Due to the damage of your mission exceeding 99% and the mission contribution exceeding 90%, special hidden conditions have been triggered. Additional reward: Epic Pet Egg (Ice Crystal Succubus), Epic Necklace [Life Prayer] Evolution (Flower God)!"

3!

2!

1!

Following the system prompt, the countdown timer finally reached its end.

Before Qin Luo could react.

The next moment.

He blacked out.

He had been kicked offline by the system.

…

In the real world.

Qin Luo rose from the gaming capsule and exhaled heavily as he looked out the window at the setting sun.

"Let's eat first!"

He opened the door and sat on the sofa. He had just picked up his tablet and was about to read the updates when he heard his stomach protesting. He immediately changed his mind.

He ordered a food delivery skillfully and pulled Nan Nan up from the bed. After the meal, he walked around the neighborhood skillfully and "flirted" with Sister Su from the neighboring building…

Late at night!

Qin Luo fell asleep.

‘ What?’

The content of the game update?

How could a game be more important than sleeping?

Scram!

…

The next day!

After breakfast, Qin Luo went for his morning exercise before returning home.

Lying on the sofa, he took the tablet and opened the official website to do what he should have done yesterday.

Straight to the point.

The bright red words on the official website were very obvious, saving them time to search.

There were a total of six updates and the content was as follows:

1. Game time is fully open. There is no time limit. Be it the gaming helmet or gaming capsule, they can be online 24 hours per day. Minors' game time is still the same as before. It is restricted. The same is true for students' game time.

2. Setting up dungeons at level 5 as a unit. An official dungeon will appear at every level 5. For example, a level 15 dungeon, a level 20 dungeon, a level 25 dungeon, and a level 30 dungeon, and so on. At the same time, besides the official dungeon, there are many wild dungeons. The official website of these dungeons will not indicate that players need to explore on their own. The reward for the first clear of the dungeon is very high. It encourages players to discover more hidden wild dungeons.

3. Increase the drop rate of equipment and coins again. Already communicated with the world's top 10 banks, through the consent of the mainframe, the direct exchange between the virtual currency and the real currency will be held on another day.

4. Increase the investment of the hidden occupation and the activation of the hidden mission. When changing occupation, the player would receive the evaluation of the Job-Changing Mission and be rewarded with a certain chance of obtaining the hidden occupation.

5. Activate the bounty system. Players can carry out bounty missions in the Mercenary Guild or accept bounty missions.

"This… Finally, the game time is no longer restricted?"

Qin Luo was elated.

Damn it!

If not for the time limit in the game, he would not have been so desperate to complete his one month promise with Dragon Abyss.

Still.

Fortunately, he did not sink too deep.

Now, all he had to do was to get the rewards from Sanguine Primrose and they would part ways.

"Other than the exciting game time, I'm only interested in the five updates."

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin in thought.

Equipment and coins?

What use was that?

The system’s so-called increase in drop rate, from one in ten thousand to two in ten thousand, was also an increase!

Playing word games with the official platform, he did not know how he would be scammed to death!

As for hidden jobs and hidden missions?

Forget it!

He had already become a Shadow Warrior. Was there still a need for him?

He had SSS with him. Did he still need an S-rank mission?

Trash ~

He ~ tui!

“This bounty mission?”

The fifth content slightly piqued Qin Sheng's interest. If he remembered correctly, he still had a reward on him that he had yet to receive.

Undead Lich.

This fellow had destroyed so many cities in the Towering Kingdom, and every city was covered in blood. Not even a chicken or dog was left behind. He was extremely cruel and anti-human. He had already become a terrifying wanted criminal.

Talingo, in particular, was trembling in fear. He did not hesitate to pay a hefty sum of money to accumulate the bounty of the Lich just to get rid of such a huge threat.

Rank 7 of the Bounty Board!

This was an incredible number!

The trash bounties between players were mostly gold coins. He now had nine restaurants, nine Hidden Dragon Pavilions, and monopolized the potion business. Next, he might have to develop and monopolize the talisman business. Was he still lacking gold coins?

Only a big shot like the Undead Lich with a super strong BOSS bounty would be attractive.

After all.

The rewards given by those large factions were not gold coins that smelled like copper, but special equipment, special items, special blueprints, special pets…

Anything was possible!

Who wouldn't be tempted?

"Let's go into the game later and take a look at the rewards on the Bounty Board. Then, we'll see if there are any fated big shots. Wait for me to collect the money!"

After glancing at the bounty system, Qin Sheng shifted his gaze to the second dungeon system.

The official opening of the dungeon allowed one player to level up every five levels. There was a limit of three times per day!

However, there were no restrictions on the wild dungeons that players had to excavate themselves. They were no longer limited to five units. It was possible for any level, such as Level 21 or Level 37.

Also…

There was no limit to the number of times one could clear dungeons in the wild. Basically, one could do it indefinitely.

Except.

There was a difference between an official dungeon and a wild dungeon.

First,

In the official dungeons and wild dungeons, only the first clear would give the highest level of rewards. However, the official dungeons had a stable drop rate. In the wild dungeons, the drop rate and quality would constantly decrease.

‘ What do you mean?’

This meant that there was a low-level restriction for official dungeons. For example, in a level 30 official dungeon, the difficulty of choosing a nightmare meant that no matter how many times you farmed, the lowest drop rate would be Silver equipment. There would not be a situation like Iron, or even White equipment without attributes.

However, for dungeons in the wild, there was no bottom line. Once you farmed too many dungeons, even if you chose the most difficult Abyss Mode, you might only get Iron Bronze.

This was the difference between the official platform and the wilderness!