Chapter 533: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (3)

The bidding model.

As the name implied, it was a competition. It was equivalent to an auction. However, it was an auction without a host, similar to an online auction.

As the first level-nine mount, its tangible value and intangible value were displayed here. Obtaining it meant earning a powerful mount, as well as entering the second rank of the mount rankings, its world name…

This additional value was very valuable!

Thus…

The black-hearted Qin Sheng naturally did not set a price, but—the highest bidder would get it!

He believed that there should be quite a number of local tycoons who would not be stingy with spending a large sum just to make a name for themselves, right?

Heehee ~

"Uncle Blacksmith, I want to rent the best forging room!"

Ignoring the heated warzone in China, Qin Luo went to the familiar blacksmith shop leisurely. He greeted the blacksmith uncle who had a good relationship with him, paid the rent, and entered the forging room.

"Today is the last time!"

After familiarizing himself with the tools, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the fully-equipped forging room and could not help but say, "The secret chamber of the Luo Shen Residence is about to be remodeled. Besides my forging room, the tailor's room, and Mengmeng's medicine refining room. These things are on the right track. Next, it's time to cultivate medicinal herbs. After all, we can't waste resources with the Yi Wood Revival weapon!"

Ready!

Qin Luo Sheng took out a few low-grade strengthening stones. After thinking for a while, he placed the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] on the forging table. "Let's try the water with this thing first to warm up and practice."

It was an Epic weapon.

That's right.

He was just that arrogant.

‘ Of course.’

What Qin Luo Sheng was not afraid of was that even if the strengthening failed, his equipment would not drop. At most, he would lose Augmenting Gems and durability. It was no big deal.

"Right, I should take this thing off first…"

Just as he was about to do something, Qin Sheng suddenly thought of something and quickly removed the [Ghost Face] from his face. Even though this thing was very strong, it was reflected in battle.

What was going on?

It was in a situation where he needed his Luck Points badly. How could he let it cause trouble when it had -10 Luck Points?

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Three crisp notifications sounded in succession.

No surprise.

[Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] had been strengthened by three levels!

"Looks like it's very simple!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that had already + 3 and felt somewhat emotional. He glanced at the consumption again and could not help but twitch his lips. "Augmenting Gem -3, gold coins -3,000?"

One enhancement cost 1000 gold coins?

Fuck you!

Wasn't this clearly a scam?

"Tsk!"

Qin Sheng placed the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] on the forging platform and placed an intermediate-strengthening stone on it. The success rate displayed was 60%, but Qin Sheng did not care. His gaze was fixed on the consumption column. The words "5,000" dazzled his eyes.

"Dog System, are you treating me like a human?"

Qin Luo was on the verge of tears.

He had thought that the officials and the system would finally come up with something good.

Now it seemed.

He was too naive.

When had a capitalist ever been kind?

I don't want to take money out of your pocket. Am I still a capitalist?

It was not just this damned money enhancing system. Even the Gospel-like instance dungeon system had ulterior motives.

Why?

The opening of the Instance Dungeon system did not seem like there was a price to pay. On the contrary, it was a convenient opening for players. In reality, it was just to stimulate the economy.

A secondary dungeon!

There was a reward!

The first kill is waiting for you!

Are you excited? Are you happy?

Come.

Get it started.

Hmm ~

If he wanted to clear the dungeon, he would first need equipment!

How are you going to pass the dungeon with your tattered clothes?

Not to mention that they wanted to clear a higher difficulty level, obtain the first clear of the dungeon, and the only highest reward.

What if he didn't have any equipment?

Buy!

What if there were no gold coins?

RMB charging, idiot!

Again.

Do you need potions to clear dungeons?

Where did the potion come from?

The System Shop would buy it!

Those with gold coins directly bought potions, and the gold coins were recycled by the system.

Purchasing potions after charging gold coins without gold coins to stimulate the market.

Neither. Purchased from other subsidiary players, and gold coins circulated. It would help the formation and virtuous cycle of the market...

No matter what, it was an official profit!

Finally.

They had to team up to challenge the Instance Dungeon, right?

Not everyone had a fixed team. Most of the players still formed teams.

This way…

It was unavoidable because they were dividing the spoils. They were not strong enough, did not have good teamwork, and so on. This led to a feud.

What would happen after making enemies?

PK!

What did PK need?

He needed money to pave the way!

Don't you want to buy it if you lose your equipment?

Without the potion, would he not drink it?

With the addition of calling his friends, the game not only became more popular, but the economy also rose steadily.

No matter how the situation developed, who else could it be but the government?

So…

This was a f*cking real dog!

Still.

This was understandable.

After all, the official platform also needed sponsored partnerships.

Besides.

Doing so would indeed help the development of the game.

Besides.

This was very beneficial for ordinary players, especially poor players.

With an Instance Dungeon, at least it wouldn't be like before where they couldn't even see a single monster while leveling in the wild and were chased away by high-level players or powerful players.

Also…

The dungeon's money and materials were also very impressive. If you were lucky and dropped equipment, it would be considered a stroke of good luck. Wouldn't it be great?

Plus.

Those hot-tempered guys who wanted to PK, wouldn't they spend money to buy gold coins?

Or else.

Repairing equipment, buying potions, giving pay to thugs…

Where did the money come from?

This was the good news for the ordinary brick-moving gang.

The game currency in his hands could be sold freely…

RMB warriors spent money, normal players spent time and their lives.

Perfect!

"PK fights are no big deal. As long as it's not a fight between major forces, it's nothing."

Qin Luo Sheng had a pained look on his face. "The key is that this strengthening system is too much of a scam. Not only is the Augmenting Gem so expensive, there's also a huge risk of failure. After failing, it will drop for a long time, and the repair costs will be quite high. That's all. The most disgusting thing is that the consumption of this strengthening gold is simply too much!"

What should he do?

Go ahead and cool it down!

If it was a trap, so be it. Could he give up?

Qin Luo Sheng endured the pain and continued to do it!

Clang!

Fortunately.

He was a man blessed by the Goddess of Luck.

[Enhancement + 4,60% success rate. Upgrade without any spiritual crystals added to the success rate.]

Again.

Clang!

+ 5 success!

Clang!

+ 6 success!

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned. He looked at the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that had been enhanced to + 6 and swallowed hard.

Good Lord.

I’m freaking straight.

Was he playing hard to get, letting me fall into a deeper pit, or was it because I was the son of destiny, the destiny of destiny, and my luck was explosive?