Chapter 535: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (5)

Food was the Immortal's Restaurant.

Qin Luo Sheng stood at the backstage and activated the store owner's authority without hesitation.

"Oh, you've already earned so many gold coins? It seems like the first one to eat the crab is giving you energy. The level of willingness of those rich people is beyond imagination. After all, this is an epoch-making game. It's very worth investing in. To be able to have no side effects, to increase one's ability by eating, and to enjoy the appetite that would never exist in reality, it would be strange if those rich people weren't crazy!"

Qin Sheng was both surprised and reasonable at the terrifying turnover, even surpassing the profit of the potion.

After all.

He was a rich man now!

Even though his consciousness had not completely changed, he spent more money than those rich people.

The enhancement earlier was an example.

In order to strengthen it once, millions and tens of millions were thrown in!

This was not an investment!

Even if the enhancement was successful, with the equipment's continuous depreciation, it was destined to be a losing deal.

Yet.

Qin Sheng, the Grand Deity, was just so willful!

"We can't take all of them. Even an immortal has to work. Other than the Demonic Beast Meat and Spiritual Beast Meat that I gave you, which can be sold for hunger and auctioned in limited quantities, the other ordinary dishes are also very important. Otherwise, why would we invite so many high-level chefs?"

After some consideration, Qin Sheng extracted 80% of the revenue and took a round-up, taking away 500,000 gold coins.

"But, this… is not enough!"

+ 7 cost 300,000 gold coins. This was just 500,000 gold coins. That was enough. But what about + 8, + 9, + 10?

Continue!

The returning scroll was continuously torn apart.

Qin Luo Sheng tossed and turned in the nine main cities, and as if he was pulling wool from wool, he extracted 80% of the revenue from the eight branches of the Immortal's Association. He also extracted 50% of the revenue from the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. With nearly 10 million gold coins, he once again returned to the forging room in Star Brilliance City that made his heart break and cry.

"Ten million gold coins, ten small targets, all used to strengthen equipment. I think I'm f*cking crazy!"

Qin Luo woke up after his head heated up. He was also a little frightened.

A loser like him had never seen such a big scene with a monthly salary of a few thousand yuan.

Looks like…

After transmigrating, not only was his habits changing, even his thoughts were constantly changing.

This was not unexpected.

After all.

He—

This was the famous Weeping Soul Beast!

A legendary existence!

The legendary big boss!

Besides.

The gold coins were simple. They were just for sale. Basically, it was a transaction without any capital. He would not feel the pinch even if he used them.

"Money is a bastard, if you don't use it, it's useless!"

Qin Luo Sheng said fiercely, "We have more than a hundred million in savings in real life. That's more than enough. Moreover, we have so many assets in the game. If we keep earning money, will we be afraid of not having enough gold to spend?"

"Strengthening equipment and increasing my strength is also to increase my chances of winning the battle against Long Yuan. This is a necessary investment, I cannot save it!"

"If we lose the decisive battle, there's nothing left. What's the use of asking for money? What's the use of asking for gold coins? I, Qin Sheng, am going to fight it out with this strengthening system today. I'm so f*cking stubborn. I won't turn back until I hit the southern wall."

Go!

He placed the Coiling Dragon Water on the table again and placed the Augmenting Gem on the table. He then placed four spirit crystals on the table. The success rate was increased by 20%…

"40%!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath. "Goddess of Luck, be with me!"

Clang!

+ 7 Success, -300,000 gold coins!

Awesome!

Qin Luo's heart was finally at ease when he heard the familiar crisp voice.

He picked up the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had been successfully enhanced by + 7 and looked at the orange halo surrounding the sword. He could not help but smile.

"How useless!"

After admiring it for more than ten seconds, Qin Sheng gave himself a tight slap and placed the [Coiling Dragon Water] back onto the forging table. "It's only + 7, how is it considered barren? Again ~"

Enhancement + 8, Requirement: 1 Advanced Augmenting Gem, 500,000 gold coins!

Qin Sheng:…

Why?

Why do I feel lucky?

Compared to the previous times where the price had doubled or tripled, this was only 20,000 gold coins more than the previous + 7. It was a very good price!

“What the fuck am I thinking?”

Qin Luo Sheng wished he could give himself a tight slap. "Conscience? Conscience my a * s! Do the officials have a conscience? The reason why the rate of consumption has been reduced is because they are afraid that too many players will give up. After all, the initial success rate of + 8 is 10% of the success rate of cheating one's father! How is this conscience speaking? I actually have such thoughts. What a stupid leek!"

Hu…

He exhaled heavily.

Qin Qin Sheng calmed his agitated emotions.

"Luckily, this enhancement only targets the five outer pieces (helmet, armor, weapons, gauntlets, shoes), and the five inner pieces of jewelry, including belts, capes, medals, and other special equipment. Otherwise, I don't know how much this super deep hole would cost me!"

Qin Qin Sheng shuddered at the thought.

To other gamers, this was not a big deal. After all, normal gamers were unwilling to upgrade their equipment. They did not have equipment that could be upgraded. The rich gamers did not have complete equipment.

Not like him.

She was fully equipped from head to toe.

There were two rings, a necklace, a belt, a cape, an earring, a mask, two medals, and three spirit treasures, the Water Vein Spirit Bead, the Dragon God's Command, and the Soul Guiding Lamp.

If it could be enhanced!?

Qin Luo could not help but break out in cold sweat.

He had just experienced the consumption of an Epic item.

Even if they all succeeded, not counting the failure rate or the consumption of materials, just the amount of gold coins was astronomical, especially the ghost face and the Life Prayer. They were as legendary as [Coiling Dragon Water]!

Plus.

A spirit treasure like the Dragon God Command was definitely not inferior to the legends!

A million gold coins?

He he…

Was one piece enough?

Pack everything—

Probably not even ten million gold coins!

Perhaps a hundred million was barely enough!

"Come on!"

After letting his imagination run wild, Qin Sheng set down four spirit crystals in the grooves around the forging platform one by one. At the same time, he threw a total of 500,000 gold coins into the grooves as energy consumption.

"Operation! Operation! Extremely delicate operation!"

The advanced weapon refinement technique was put to good use. Qin Luo's meticulousness allowed him to precisely grasp the changes of the [Coiling Dragon Water] during the strengthening process. He stabilized it in an orderly manner and did not panic at all.

One minute later!

Clang!

With a crisp and clear sound like a hammer hitting a metal plate, Enhancement + 8 was successful!

Hu…

Qin Luo Sheng let out another breath of turbid air. This time, he did not pick up the [Coiling Dragon Water] to admire it. He only took a glance at the orange ring of light circulating around the sword's body after the + 8 success rate. It had turned into the current silver ring of light, just like the clear moonlight. It was beautiful, magnificent, and extremely dazzling.

…

< EMPTY >