Chapter 538: Level Up, Ability Awakening

"What a bunch of wolf cubs!"

Qin Sheng couldn't help but speak out when he saw the ruthless and cruel eyes of the Gale Wolf.

Before.

Due to the special effects of the "Dragon Might" and the "Ice Qilin Bloodline", even though the Whirlwind Wolves were active attack-type monsters, they were unable to attack under the suppression. They could only watch helplessly as the enemy intruded into their territory and even the territory of their race.

Now.

As soon as the dragon's might was unleashed, the problem was solved.

Qin Luo Sheng was the first to launch an attack. "Do not initiate an attack!" Naturally, he would not only fail to counterattack, but also activate another special effect of Dragon Might, firmly sucking in the aggro. Instantly, the Whirlwind Wolf, which had been itching to attack since a long time ago, howled and launched a fierce attack.

"Too weak!"

When I was not even Level 30, I led a group of Level 22 and 23 girls into Moonlight Forest. I was not afraid of you wolves. Now that I am Level 36, I still have a Magic Cannon that is in its growth stage. Why would I be afraid of you?

In an instant.

All kinds of magic lights flashed.

A cold sword gleam flickered.

After a series of miserable howls, the large wolf pack with over a hundred wolves was exterminated!

Qin Luo Sheng did not even look at the starlight on the ground as he turned around and left.

What could these trash drop?

Normal monsters.

It wasn’t the first time he’d been killed.

Most of the equipment dropped was white. Even if it was sublimation, it was still Bronze. It was useless!

Money could only be calculated according to silver coins. With his current net worth, he would have to pay two million gold coins to enhance his equipment. Would he be interested in a mere silver coin?

Materials? The fur of the Whirlwind Wolves was not bad, but it was a pity that the batch that he had collected back then had not been used up in the warehouse. He could not be bothered to waste time collecting them!

There were quite a few changes.

After exterminating several waves of Whirlwind Wolves, finally—

"Ding, your mount Ice has been upgraded to Level 10!"

"Ding, your mount, Ice-cold Growth, has awakened [Mountain Treading Water] 's initial attributes. Current status: Can be ridden!"

Awesome!

He had been waiting for this moment.

The newly born Bing Bing could be held in one hand like a little mutt.

As for Bing Bing, who had reached level 10, she had already grown rapidly, becoming a qualified mount that was more than three meters long and nearly two meters tall. She had also awakened her first ability, stepping on mountains and other places as if they were flat ground!

“Darklight City!”

Qin Luo kept Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing away and tore up the returning scroll of Darklight City. Because the location of the mission, the Dark Abyss, had been triggered from Darklight City and was the closest.

"It seems like I was right to sell the return scroll to those big guilds!"

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the Darklight City's resurrection point and headed straight for the east gate.

"After reaching level 30, the class advancement missions are allocated to different cities. Many of them are not located in their own main cities. At this time, the class advancement mentor who issued the mission will give a return scroll to the main cities closest to the mission location."

"This way, players who were originally unable to connect the nine main cities before Level 50 Third Stage would gradually connect because of this. In the end, everyone would be able to move around in the nine main cities."

They hurried along.

Qin Luo came to the entrance of the eastern gate of Darklight City.

They walked out of the city gate.

Without any restrictions, he summoned Bing Bing and rode her.

At the same time.

The flashy player activated all his equipment.

+ 7 unique orange halo surrounded him, shining brightly.

Especially the [Coiling Dragon Water] on his right hand. That incomparably deep purple halo was dazzling and eye-catching.

"Weeping Soul, it's Big Boss Weeping Soul!"

"What the f*ck, is this the legendary Weeping Soul Beast? It is indeed impressive! This equipment is so dazzling that it blinded me!"

"Isn't that too fierce? This strengthening system has only been updated for a day. The entire set + 7, and the weapon + 10?"

"Wow… what a cool mount. Is this the legendary mount, Ice Crystal Succubus, on the mount rankings? Wuwu, there seems to be one."

"Little Brother Weeping Soul, bring me along. I'm 18 years old. I'm a first-year student at XX school. I'm a campus belle with 36D long legs. I can be a lolita and an older sister!"

"…"

The explosive appearance caused a huge sensation.

Especially when he had just appeared on the World TV and given the Chinese war zone players a huge blessing, his Reputation had reached its peak. How could ordinary players not go crazy?

Besides.

Many of these players were originally Weeping Souls fans.

Now that she had seen her idol with her own eyes, she had to contribute her screams!

The fans went crazy.

However, as an idol and a big shot, he had to maintain his arrogance and mystery.

So—

Qin Luo Sheng paid no attention to him at all. He ignored all sounds and rode on Bing Bing like an azure arrow, speeding forward and soon disappearing from the city gates of Dark Glory City.

Qin Luo Sheng's own speed, combined with Bing Bing's speed, was far inferior to that of a fully-equipped Thief. Before this, countless people had been chasing after him, but unfortunately, not even a shadow could be seen behind him in less than ten seconds.

"Is it more than 3,000 kilometers from the Dark Abyss? That's f*cking far!"

In the other main cities, Qin Sheng had quite a few subordinate cities and even a return scroll from the town.

But Darklight City.

Basically not.

Because…

The other main cities were relatively peaceful, while Darklight City was said to be the place where the final battle of the war between gods and devils took place. There was a large amount of dark energy left behind, contaminating this area and causing dark monsters to grow. It was extremely dangerous. With the players' current strength, they could only take risks in the periphery at most. It was impossible to go deeper.

"Without the return scroll, there's no other way. I can only run by myself."

Qin Luo Sheng was helpless. "It's a good thing we have Bing Bing now. We don't have to worry too much about traveling. It's much faster than riding a Ferghana horse!"

The journey was silent.

Xiaoxiao was sleeping soundly in the pet space. Bing Bing was being exploited by her unscrupulous master without complaint. She was hurrying along dutifully.

And Qin Sheng?

After having a good meal on Bing Bing's back, he cleared his hunger level. Then, he opened the forum and logged into his big golden account. He posted the edited version of his trip to Tear Snow Village.

The Tear Snow Village no longer existed. What was recorded in this video was a scene of despair!

Hmm ~

If that was the case, it wouldn't be too much to charge a fee for viewing, right?

"I'm almost done with the trivial matters. I don't have anything to do now. Why don't you open the bag?"

Qin Luo rubbed his hands and reached into his backpack to retrieve two items that looked like fortune bags.

It was the two gift bags from the system after the enhancement + 10.

Enhanced Gift Package!

Enhanced experience bag!

He would first strengthen the experience bag!

He opened it.

"Ding! You have opened the Enhanced Experience Package and obtained a huge amount of Enhanced Experience. In the future, the success rate will permanently increase by 5%!"