Chapter 539: Seven Color, Eight Peace, Nine Dragons, Supreme

Ohh ~

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

Dog… no, good system.

How could he accept this?

Isn't he openly cheating me?

The success rate of strengthening is permanently + 5%. Combined with advanced refining skills and super high luck, I want to f*cking ask, who else is there?

Following that…

Enhanced Gift Package again.

Ding… you have opened the Enhancing Gift Bag. Obtained: Advanced Strengthening Stone x10, Intermediate Strengthening Stone x10, Elementary Strengthening Stone x10, Spirit Crystal x10, Seven Color Crystal x5, Eight Spirit Crystals x3, Nine Dragon Spirit Crystal x2, Ultimate Spirit Crystal x1!

“What the fuck?”

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes suddenly widened.

Isn't this too extreme?

It was indeed a gift bag!

The rewards were generous!

Qin Luo ignored the Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals for the time being and turned his attention to the four special spirit crystals.

[Seven-colored spirit crystal]

Type: Item

Grade: High

Effect: Equipment Enhancement + 7 success rate: 100%

Introduction: A special spirit crystal nurtured by seven-colored light. It can give tremendous energy and strengthen the body.

+ 7 success rate: 100%?

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

This thing.

Was the effect that strong?

Five seven-colored spirit crystals. Didn't that mean five pieces were 100% + 7?

Except.

This was only icing on the cake for Qin Sheng.

After all.

+ 7 was not difficult for him.

Following that…

[Eight Spirit Crystals]

Type: Item

Grade: High

Effect: Equipment Enhancement + 8 success rate + 10%

Introduction: Eight Anti-Spirit Crystal. It is taken from all directions and does not move. I will be at peace. It has a very strong effect.

"That's right!"

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief.

If the Eight Spirit Crystals were the same as the Seven Spirit Crystals, increasing the success rate by 100% was simply a bug!

Fortunately.

Not so sick.

It was only a 10% success rate, which was 5% higher than normal Spirit Crystals.

After all.

This was a high-level item!

[Nine Dragon Spirit Crystal]

Type: Item

Grade: Epic

Effect: Equipment Enhancement + 9 success rate + 10%

Introduction: Nine Dragon Spirit Crystal, containing the aura of nine dragons.

It was simple and crude.

It was similar to the Eight Spirit Crystals, but the level of enhancement was different.

Finally—

Supreme Spirit Crystal

Type: Item

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Equipment Enhancement + 10 success rate + 10%. Equipment that failed the Protection Enhancement will not decrease in Enhancement level.

Introduction: Paramount spirit crystal. A perfect spirit crystal refined from the core of a spirit crystal. It has extraordinary effects and also has the ability to protect.

F*ck!

That was awesome!

Compared to Ba An and Nine Dragons, the Paramount Spirit Crystal not only increased the success rate of strengthening by 10%, but it also had the ability to protect.

What did he mean by not lowering the level of enhancement?

Everyone knew that.

From + 7 to + 10, if he failed, he would return to the state before he was liberated. His Enhancement level would drop to zero and he would have to start from scratch.

However, the Enhanced Spirit Crystal was different. Even if you failed to enhance it by + 10, the level of enhancement would not be zero. Instead, it would be maintained at the level of + 9, which was equivalent to having an additional life.

Very impressive!

This was especially true for Qin Sheng, who was practically worth tens of thousands of gold!

You have to know.

Those who were qualified to be enhanced by him were undoubtedly Legendary equipment.

The consumption was terrifying.

If the last step of + 10 failed, he would probably want to die.

Now that he had this Supreme Spirit Crystal, it was equivalent to having an additional insurance. It was wonderful.

Unfortunately.

There was only one Supreme Spirit Crystal.

Sigh!

"Forget it, this is an unexpected surprise. It's good enough to have one, don't be too greedy!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and put the spirit crystal into his backpack. He placed it in a good area adjacent to the Augmenting Gem so that he could retrieve it whenever he needed it in the future.

…

Two hours later.

Qin Sheng, who had been frantically hurrying along, had finally entered the mission area of this trip—the Dark Abyss!

To be precise.

This was the periphery of the Dark Abyss.

According to the map on the mission scroll that Gerin had given him, the incomparably evil Demon Palace was built deep within the Dark Abyss. It belonged to the inner region and was very far from the outer region.

"This is… really disgusting!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng could not help but frown as he felt the rotten and bloody smell wafting into his nose.

"Ten days, no hurry!"

Narrowing his eyes, he looked at the limits of his vision. There seemed to be a black shadow moving about. It should be the monster in this area. Qin Sheng did not rush forward to solve the problem. Instead, he chose to go offline.

…

In the real world.

Qin Sheng got up from the gaming capsule and eliminated the nutrient solution inside. He took out a clean set of clothes and headed to the washroom to take a shower.

"This… is a little too awesome!"

Taking out his cell phone, he skillfully tapped open the takeaway app. Qin Sheng looked at the densely packed stores in astonishment. Most of them were actually "closed"!

???

Are you all crazy?

What time was it?

It was the start of the evening peak period!

Don't you want to earn money?

Fortunately.

Not all the shops were closed. Otherwise, he would have a headache.

Qin Luo opened the fridge, wanting to get a bottle of cold Happy Home Fat Water, only to find that it was empty.

"Nan Nan…"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

He remembered very clearly that it had only been five days since the last time he entered the shipment.

In five days’time, a bottle of Happy Fat Otaku Water, 24 cans of it, only a fraction of it entered his mouth. That was to say, Nan Nan, on average, four cans a day?

Was he tired of living?

Bastard!

You look pretty normally, but I didn't expect you to be such a person!

While I was playing the game, he secretly drank all my happy home water!

"How do we break this?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked helpless.

This girl was a sleeper. She slept on the bed all day.

He was another glutton. His appetite was not smaller than his own, and he was not picky about food. Whether it was meat or vegetables, he ate them with relish. It was easy to feed him!

In addition, he was also a water sack and snack addict. Perhaps it was because of his influence, but he loved homey, happy water, potato chips, spicy bars, and even the orange juice that girls should like, milk tea, chocolate, and so on. He rarely touched them.

"Forget it, as long as she's happy!"

Recalling Nan Nan’s tragic background, Qin Sheng did not pursue the matter any further. However, if he could indulge her for a short period of time, he would definitely not be able to do so for a long period of time. Such a lifestyle was something that even young people could not handle. She was not like him, who already had a superhuman physique.

He turned on his phone and looked at the delivery time. It was about forty minutes.

There was still time.

She stormed out.

They arrived at a large supermarket not far from the entrance of the district.

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo pushed a shopping cart into the supermarket. The usually bustling supermarket only had two or three big cats and kittens at the moment. However, it did not seem to be the case when one said that business was bad because many shelves were already empty and the supermarket staff were busy replenishing the goods with sweat all over their foreheads.

“Hi. I don’t know what’s going on. Since yesterday, those people have been acting like crazy. They’ve been pushing cars and carts since they got here, like they’re afraid they can’t buy anything.”

After asking a staff member, he could not help but say bitterly, "Especially instant noodles and fast food. There was no time for them to be served. It was simply crazy. At first, I thought that something had happened that caused everyone to hoard videos so crazily. After asking my son, he said that it was some game. Sigh, I'm getting old. I really can't keep up with the times. What kind of game is fun? I don't think it's just young people. Some parents with children are the same."