Chapter 536: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (6)

"It's not easy!"

Qin Luo wiped the sweat off his forehead and suppressed his pounding heart.

NMD!

This was simply playing with his heartbeat!

Exciting ~ ~ ~

"Again, charge forward in one go!"

The strengthening system continued to activate.

+ 9 Strengthening, Requirement: 1 Advanced Augmenting Gem, 800,000 gold coins!

There was nothing to say.

Into it!

Three minutes later!

Clang!

Success again.

The silver radiance turned golden. It was incomparably resplendent and dazzling.

"It's the last step!"

The peak of the strengthening system was + 10, at least for now.

Logically speaking, + 9 was already powerful enough!

After all.

Even with a maximum of 4 spirit crystals, the success rate was only 25%.

Success was sheer luck.

And + 10?

Initial success rate: 1%?

Fuck you!

What a scam!

But Qin Sheng did not believe in the supernatural. Or rather, he believed in himself very much.

1%?

As long as there was a success rate, as long as the success rate was positive, anything was possible. Who said that the needle that had been successfully strengthened could not enter this narrow area that was only 1%?

Besides.

There were spirit crystals.

A total of 21% success rate was not low.

Bet!

+ 10 Strengthening, Requirement: 1 Advanced Augmenting Gem, 20,000,000 gold coins!

Two million gold coins!

Hahaha…

This was really crazy!

In addition, there were high-grade Augmenting Gems and four spirit crystals.

If he failed, his mother would explode.

Because—

This was not the only loss. There was also the [Coiling Dragon Water], which had lost a lot of durability, as well as the ultimate punishment for being beaten back from + 9 to + 0.

equivalent.

He had expended so much energy in the beginning and worked so hard for so long. It was all in vain. Not only did he play alone, he even lost his underwear.

Except.

Qin Qin Sheng's ambition did not stop there.

How could mere Enhancement + 9 satisfy his ambitions?

If he wanted to do it, he had to reach the peak.

If he wanted to work, he had to become the strongest.

+ 10!

This was home!

Everything else.

They were all incomplete.

"Whether we live or die depends on this wave!"

Gritting his teeth, he threw two million gold coins, which could be exchanged for two hundred million in cash, into the crafting furnace to be used as energy consumption. Qin Luo Sheng was fully focused as he continuously performed advanced refining techniques, controlling the crafting platform according to his inherited experience and sense of self.

One minute!

Two minutes!

Three minutes!

The energy of the Advanced Strengthening Stone was continuously integrating into [Coiling Dragon Water] in an attempt to fuse with it. The energy formed from the two million gold coins below was also constantly providing a majestic energy requirement.

Five minutes later.

Qin Luo's eyes were bloodshot. His spiritual power and stamina had been greatly depleted. Finally, they had fused perfectly…

Clang!

A familiar crisp sound rang out, and Qin Sheng's entire body instantly relaxed. His body swayed, and he felt weak and dizzy. He could not help but fall to the ground.

Despite his sorry state, he smiled happily.

Because—

Enhancement + 10, success!

Ding… congratulations on strengthening legendary weapon [Coiling Dragon Water] + 10! '

Ding… Due to your Legendary Weapon [Coiling Dragon Water] being successfully enhanced + 10, and because you are the first player to successfully enhance + 10, [Coiling Dragon Water] is the first equipment to be enhanced + 10. The system will make an exception and give a special reward. Do you accept? '

Damn!

There was actually such a thing?

There was actually such a bargain?

"Accept!"

What was there to hide?

How impressive was it to show off in front of others?

What was the point of playing a game without posturing?

Enhancement + 10. If he did not reveal it, wouldn't he be walking in the dark?

Good stuff.

Good news.

Of course they had to share.

Hehe!

"Ding, players from all over the world, please take note, players from all over the world, Chinese war zone players Weeping Soul, have successfully strengthened Legendary Weapon [Coiling Dragon Water], + 10. As Weeping Soul is the first player to strengthen his equipment to the extreme, the system has specially given additional rewards: Enhanced Gift Bag x1, Enhanced Experience Bag x1! China war zone glory + 100!"

Ding…

Ding…

Comfortable!

The three world announcements with the highest standards made Qin Sheng extremely happy.

It had been a long time since she last appeared on television. Now that she was reliving the feeling, yes, it was quite beautiful!

“What the fuck?”

“What the hell?”

"It's starting already?"

"I don't believe it! This must be an illusion, hahaha!"

"He's totally inhumane!"

"It's that Weeping Soul guy again, damn it!"

"Enhancement + 10? $! @ # $… () &"

"F*ck, it's this idiot again. I have enhanced + 5, failed to charge + 6 more than ten times, not to mention the real starting point + 7. This guy even came to + 10? Even with a 1% success rate? F*ck off ~ ~ You're trying to cheat me of my money again!"

"The Strengthening System is a huge pit. I've been cheated of 100,000 yuan!—What? Weeping Soul Enhancement + 10 is a success, and it's even a Legendary equipment?—F*ck, help me up, quickly put the Augmenting Gems on, I still want to chase dreams!"

"…"

For a moment.

The entire world was in an uproar.

Compared to the other warzones, such as FXXK, Baka, Simida, SHXT, and so on, the Chinese warzone was more harmonious.

There would definitely be a lot of scolding.

What hanging walls, dog support, card bug, official father, biological son of the gaming company's president…

There were simply too many to count.

‘ Of course.’

As the proud Weeping Soul Beast of Huaxia, he had many fans. Furthermore, his idol had once again displayed his prowess before the people of Huaxia. He had made a name for himself in Huaxia. As a fan, he felt honored.

Plus.

This time, it wasn't just Yang Wei who was world-renowned. There was also a substantial increase in the honor of the warzone, which made the Chinese players go crazy.

Honor in the war zone was very exciting.

Not only could it increase the monster's experience and drop rate, but it could also give the players time to recover.

Just like now.

100 Battle Zone Honor, 10% experience and drop rate, as well as 10% of all attributes for Chinese players.

This was a godly BUFF!

All the Chinese players would benefit.

It was enough for the Chinese players to obtain more resources than the other players in the other warzones within a day of effective buffs.

One or two players didn't matter.

However, with the foundation of one billion players in China, this increase was simply terrifying!

"This thing is indeed Strengthened + 10, it's really strong!"

Qin Sheng did not know how the outside world was like. Even if he did, he did not want to care.

At this moment.

He was holding the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had been successfully enhanced by + 10 and was admiring it carefully.

Enhancement + 10. From + 9 golden brilliance revolving around it, it became a deep and noble purple halo that contained mystery and vastness!

As the saying went, "Purple Qi covers 3,000 miles." Purple represented the color of a saint, as well as the color of nobility and even emperors. It was indescribably noble and unattainable. It was perfect for strengthening + 10 to the limit!

——————

< EMPTY >