Chapter 530: Job-Changing Mission: Demon Palace

Hidden Class!

Shadow Warrior!

This was not one of the six major professions!

"It should be a warrior?"

Qin Luo touched his forehead, his head aching. "How about Thief?"

‘ You can’t touch it.’

Qin Luo Sheng still followed his heart and headed towards the Warrior Class Advancement Area with the Great Sword Imprint.

After all.

Before obtaining a hidden class, he was a warrior.

Besides.

The Shadow Warrior was originally a hidden Warrior type job. There was a high chance that it was a Warrior.

"Hello, I want to change my occupation!"

Qin Sheng was quite lucky. Just as he walked over, the last warrior player received a Job-Changing Mission and left excitedly.

"Hello, welcome…"

Warrior Mentor Gerin was all smiles. However, he did not say a word. He had just raised his head to look at Qin Sheng when his entire body shook and his mouth opened in shock.

"I can sense a special power in your body!"

Greem's eyes lit up. "You are the hidden occupation winner?"

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his scalp go numb from Ge Lin's fervent gaze. Fearing that this fellow would do something astonishing, he nodded his head in panic and admitted, "My profession is—Shadow Warrior!"

"Shadow Warrior!"

The fanaticism in Gerin’s eyes grew even more intense as he praised, “This is a great profession. According to the records, during the war between gods and devils, a shadow warrior relied on his treacherous and unpredictable movement techniques to appear and disappear unpredictably. He assassinated many demon commanders, causing the demon army to be leaderless and in a state of panic. He made great contributions to the victory of the allied army of the continent.”

As he spoke, Ge Lin glanced at Qin Sheng and shook his head helplessly. He said, "It's a pity that ever since we won the battle, the shadow warriors have disappeared without a trace. Until today, they have never appeared."

Following that, Gerin’s eyes became fervent once more. “Never would I have thought that the hero’s strength back then would finally have a successor. Not only that, but I, Gerin, was lucky enough to encounter him. With the Goddess of Destiny, this is truly great!”

Qin Sheng:…

"Cough cough…"

Seeming to have realized that he had put on too much of a show, Gerin tidied up his appearance, restored his steadfast warrior image, and took out the dignity and aura of a warrior mentor. "Warrior, what you have inherited is the power of an ancient hero. As the saying goes, the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Now, it is the time of the Dark Recovery. We should rebuild the glory of our ancestors, sacrifice ourselves for the thousands of races, and fight for the survival of countless beings. Do you already have this awareness?"

"Of course!"

Qin Luo said seriously.

"Very good!"

Initially, he had a favorable impression of Qin Sheng because of his charm value. In addition to the influence of the legend of the Shadow Warrior of a generation, now that he was touched by Qin Sheng's determination, Ge Lin immediately disarmed himself. "A hero is unwilling to be mediocre. You have the legacy power of the Shadow Warrior in your body. It's far from enough for me to evolve and sublimate you. However, as a mentor of warriors, the empire has given me the right to test you. Coincidentally, I have a mission here that suits you very well!"

When Qin Luo heard that Ge Lin could not help him evolve, which meant that he could not complete the Second Stage Profession, he was rather disappointed. However, this fellow changed the topic and actually wanted to give him a hidden mission. This was really—great!

"This mission is very dangerous, you…"

Glynn continued.

"I'm willing!"

However, before Gerin could finish speaking, Qin Sheng interrupted him with a resolute expression and said, "It's precisely because of the danger that I should go. I possess the legacy of the Shadow Warrior. How can I cower behind and let others take the risk?"

"Very good! Warrior, you have a noble belief!"

Gerin’s favorability instantly skyrocketed. He looked at Qin Sheng with increasingly satisfied eyes. “Since that’s the case, I’ll leave this mission to you. As the successor of the shadow warrior, you bear a heavier responsibility than ordinary people. This mission can also be considered a test for you. I’ll evaluate you according to your mission completion rate.”

"Ding, you have received the hidden trigger mission—Greem's anticipation. Do you accept?"

"Accept!"

As Qin Luo accepted the mission, the solemn expression on Gerin's face eased up considerably. He took out a scroll and said, "This is the information for this assessment mission. The rest is up to you!"

"Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng received the scroll without any hesitation and nodded. "I will not let you down. I will not let you down!"

"Ding, congratulations on receiving the second stage mission—Demon Palace. Mission difficulty rating:???"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

A Job-Changing Mission without any difficulty rating?

His scalp instantly went numb.

Am I freaking out?

Her acting got her into trouble?

What kind of immortal mission was this?

According to past experience, the three question marks were the most terrifying, be it equipment, missions, scrolls, or anything else!

Even the final BOSS was a god like the Goddess of Snow, and the difficulty of the quest was only at [S] class. Now that it was called the "Demon Palace", one look was enough to tell that it was not a good person. It was definitely a bloody quest, really—

What a scam!

[Mission Title] Greem's Anticipation

[Mission Introduction] Warrior mentor Gerin admired your noble will and faith and admired you very much. The higher the completion rate of the second stage mission, the more unexpected surprises he will give you.

[Mission Details] Rank two mission completion level: 0% -20%. No reward. Completion level: 20% -50%. Level three reward. Completion level: 50% -70%. Level two reward: 70% -90%. Level one reward: 100% completion level: ultimate reward!

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time] Ten days

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Qin Luo looked constipated.

Not because of anything else, but because of the huge "ten days" of mission time.

Ten days!

Ten days later was the final battle between him and Long Yuan.

He had a bad feeling just now. He didn't expect that his premonition had come true.

If he delayed the battle with Long Yuan because of the second stage mission, wouldn't he be putting the cart before the horse?

But.

It was unrealistic to give up on the mission!

If he could not even advance to Rank two, how could he fight against Long Yuan?

"The mission duration is ten days. In that case, I'll have to work hard!"

Qin Luo gritted his teeth. "The good thing is that from today onwards, the game time will no longer be limited after the system is updated. Otherwise, I really don't know what to do!—Let's see what the Class Advancement Mission is first, then decide what to do next. I only hope that this mission is too f*cked up. Otherwise, I really won't be able to take it."

———————

< EMPTY >