Chapter 532: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (2)

"No, I'm too tired!"

Originally, he wanted to save time and immediately start the Second Stage Professional mission, but in a situation where he was weak all over, it seemed to be a little difficult. "In this state, I can't even hold my sword properly, what's the point of fighting? However, it shouldn't be a problem to travel."

No!

There should be more important things to do.

Suddenly, Qin Sheng seemed to have recalled something and immediately revealed a sinister smile.

He opened his backpack and took out a pile of rocks that looked like iron blocks!

That's right!

It was the Augmenting Gem!

"The strengthening system has been opened. I have accumulated a large batch of Augmenting Gems and have advanced refining techniques. It is equivalent to having advanced forging techniques and advanced tailoring techniques at the same time. How can I not enhance my equipment and improve its performance?"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up. "As the saying goes, if one wants to do a good job, he must first use his tools! It's not just this Second Stage Professional Mission that requires strengthening equipment and improving abilities. It's also necessary for the final battle with Long Yuan!"

He did as he was told.

Fortunately, strengthening was not about forging or weaving. It required too much stamina and attention. It was more about technique!

This was related to the level and proficiency of the secondary job.

Again.

Virtual game.

It was also linked to luck.

Coincidentally.

Qin Sheng was not afraid of either of these two points.

Come.

Just do it!

"Oh right, let's put up this batch of equipment first. It happens to be around level 30, which is what the top players need the most right now. Also, it just so happens that the dungeon system is open. Everyone is eager to get the first clear and obtain the best reward. We should be able to get it. Ahem, we can sell it for a good price!"

Having made up his mind, Qin Luo Sheng did not continue to take action. Instead, he rested and replenished his stamina before anything else. At the same time, he tossed his backpack around and took out eight pieces of equipment. These were the items he had obtained from this mission in the Tear Snow Village. They were all silver.

After sublimation.

It turned yellow in seconds.

Previously, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion had sixteen Advanced Gold accessories, six Epic pieces of equipment, and an Advanced Gold Skill Book—Power Storing Strike. It was currently being auctioned off at various branches of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

One branch, two days for the exhibition.

At the same time.

Three items were auctioned: Epic and Gold.

The value of this tour and auction was far greater than the regular sales.

The headquarters of Star Glory City had already passed when they were carrying out the mission at the Tear Snow Village. Now, this batch of equipment was being exhibited in the Moon Glory City.

"No, this won't do!"

Just as he had this thought, Qin Sheng immediately rejected it.

These eight pieces of equipment could not be sent to the exhibition to gain popularity. They could only be sold secretly.

This was because all of the Silver tier items had been dropped right under the noses of Sanguine Primrose and the other girls. Now that all of the Silver tier items had been turned into Gold tier items, how could he lie to them?

This was different from the Moon Temple.

Even though the Moon God Temple also had a hidden map, the equipment dropped was common. The equipment dropped by the Ice Snow Temple were all unique. Furthermore, they were all related to ice and snow. Once they attacked, they would definitely be exposed.

"If that's the case, it would be a loss!"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned. "Forget it. I can't sell it now. Just wait two days!"

Previously, when he searched for information on the official website, he remembered very clearly that in one of the officially announced dungeons, there was an area inside, an area of ice and snow.

That was awesome!

It was reasonable for the Ice and Snow Region to drop Ice and Snow equipment.

A level 25 dungeon!

It was reasonable for a level 30 equipment to drop in high difficulty, right?

Two days of buffer time should be enough for the players to make some progress.

In any case, the first-rate players were stuck at Level 30 and second-rate players were chasing after them. For a long time to come, Level 30 equipment would be extremely popular and the supply would not meet the demand.

The price of these eight pieces of equipment should not be too bad. Perhaps, after the large group entered the Level 30 area and heated up, the selling price would be even higher.

"I can't sell the equipment, but this thing…"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze landed on the ninth-rank pet egg, the Snow Unicorn Horse's pet egg. An evil smile appeared on his face. "This thing, the faster the better! At this stage, other than Bing Bing, there's no other high-end ninth-rank mount like this. As long as it's publicized, it'll definitely attract the big boss's attention."

The more he thought about it, the more excited he became.

She decided not to rest.

Qin Luo Sheng took out the returning scroll from the Moonlight City and flew to the Moonlight City before heading straight for the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch.

He entered the backstage of the shop and placed the Snow Unicorn's pet egg on it. After setting the "not for sale, only limited to viewing" button, he thought for a moment and wrote a short introduction below: Golden Pet egg, Snow Unicorn. Rank nine, can hatch regular pets and breed mounts!

Done!

Even though this item had gone through a miraculous upgrade of Starlight, because it was collected from corpses, it did not go through the hands of Sanguine Primrose and the rest. Therefore, they did not know what grade it was and thus did not expose it.

"With Hidden Dragon Pavilion's reputation, and the pet egg being placed in the most eye-catching position, there's no need for advertisements at all. However, many players should have bought many potions in one go and are preparing to fight in the dungeon. They won't be paying attention to me for the time being, so I have to 'inform' them to contribute to my contribution rate and money!"

Qin Qin smiled sinisterly before switching on the communication channel.

Now that he had money, he was not as stingy as before. He spent 1,000 gold coins and shouted in the most expensive war zone:

The Huaxia Battle Zone Channel: Newly produced ninth-rank pet egg—Ice Snow Unicorn Horse [Illustration]. It can incubate regular pets and can also incubate them into mounts. It is currently being displayed in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion of the Glory Moon City. The first ninth-rank mount in the Huaxia Battle Zone is being bought. You have earned it. I want you to make a statement and become the owner of the second mount on the Mount Leaderboard. What are you waiting for?

The advertisement was sent out. Other than the players who had blocked the warzone channel and the players who were not online, as long as they were online, no matter where they were, they all heard the system notification.

Instantly.

The entire Chinese war zone was in an uproar.

Those who were closer would run straight to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in the Glory Moon City to see if there was really a ninth rank mount pet egg!

Those who were far away called their friends to find out the truth.

Qin Luo Sheng stood on the second floor. Naturally, he could clearly see the scene of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's influx of people after the advertisement was out.

“How comfortable!”

Mounted pet eggs were only secondary. What Qin Luo Sheng needed was the chain benefits brought about by the massive flow of people. This was not something a mere pet egg could compare to.

If you don't believe me, just watch…

In this short period of time, the volume of transactions in Hidden Dragon Pavilion kept increasing, and the turnover was also rising explosively.

Awesome!

"It's time to upgrade our equipment!"

Qin Sheng was about done resting. He did not want to waste any more time. After blocking the friend system to prevent himself from being blown up or getting a pet egg through the back door, he thought for a moment, then operated the backstage and added a line under the Snow Unicorn:

The Pet Egg will begin bidding mode at 10 AM tomorrow for 24 hours!