Chapter 531: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (1)

[Mission Title: Demon Palace

[Mission Introduction] After the siege of Mufeng City in the tower kingdom, the second commander of the royal family guarding Mufeng City was afraid of the emperor's condemnation. He was also afraid of the pursuit of the undead lich. He led his army to defect to the Dark Abyss. Because of the corrosion of darkness, everyone was demonized and established a dark force at the gate of the Dark Abyss—the Demon Palace, which stirred up endless slaughter.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Eliminate the forces outside the Demon Palace (Incomplete)

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time] Ten days

[Mission Reward] Successfully promoted to Second Stage Profession

[Punishment for Failure]

Qin Sheng:…

Question mark!

Question mark!

Another question mark!

Big brother, can you not be like this?

I'm scared!

"This timing is indeed synchronized with [Gerin's Anticipation]. Damn!"

Qin Luo Sheng speechlessly bade farewell to Ge Lin. He left the Professional Hall with the scroll containing information about the Demon Palace. "Furthermore, this mission is related to the Paling Nation and the Lich of the Undead. This might even be linked to the Lich of the Undead's last wish, allowing the mission [Destroying the Paling Nation] to improve!"

He opened the mission panel.

Qin Luo Sheng took another look at the mission content of [Destroying the Taling Nation].

Hmm ~

Good!

The first phase was to kill a noble and royal family of the Towering Kingdom and wipe out an army and town of the country!

According to the description of [Demon Palace],

The Demon Palace was the second legion of the royal family that had escaped from the abandoned city of the Pale Spirit Kingdom. In that case, as long as they completed the mission, the mission objective was to annihilate 100% of the army.

Again.

As the commander of the second legion of the royal family, with the decadence of the Tarling Kingdom, there was a high chance that he was a noble, or even a royal.

This was equivalent to completing two small goals in one mission.

As for the remaining two targets—

Sigh!

Let's take it one step at a time!

After all, there was no time limit. His grade had also reached [S] class. There was no rush!

"Instead of worrying about this endless SSS mission, I might as well consider it…"

Qin Luo Sheng cast his gaze toward another mission on the mission board—[The Mercenary King's Last Wish]!

This mission.

When he was invited by Yatu to complete the hidden mission [The Burial Ground of the Mercenary Group], he had talked to the mercenary group whose bodies had died but whose souls had yet to be destroyed.

Except.

The first requirement to activate this mission was to reach level 30!

He was not qualified then.

But now, his level had already been raised to Level 30, yet this mission still hadn't sounded.

"The system probably wouldn't make such a stupid mistake."

Although Qin Luo was cursing, he still trusted the mainframe very much. He had no doubts about the game's smart system under the mainframe's surveillance either. "Since that's the case, what conditions do we need to trigger to enter the next stage?"

Forget it!

Forget it!

Qin Sheng shook his head and tossed the two tasks to the back of his mind.

The urgent matter at hand was to complete the Second Stage Professional Mission and increase his strength. Then, he would complete the final stage of the SSS mission [Dragon Race's Test] and defeat Long Yuan.

As for the rest…

He threw it aside first.

It would not be too late to deal with the Dragon Abyss after he was dead.

Otherwise…

Losing meant losing everything.

By then, he would either delete his account or start over again.

Everything was meaningless.

"Since time waits for no man, then—"

Qin Luo Sheng assimilated the information scroll into his journal. After checking it, he found the exact location and gritted his teeth. "We can only fight to the death and compress the time to the maximum so that we can complete it as soon as possible. Even if there's more, we still have to spend at least one more day to make some preparations!"

Since he was prepared to use nearly ten days to force his way through, Qin Sheng was in no hurry. He decided to settle the trivial matters here first.

For the time being, he did not need to worry about food being an immortal. With a professional shopkeeper managing and a professional chef cooking, he was completely a hands-off shopkeeper. He was just a tool that "delivered meat"!

Originally, ingredients that could increase one’s permanent or time limit were rare and expensive.

This was a signboard that prioritized food and was also a product of the fist.

Without an endless supply of demon beast meat and spirit beast meat, it was impossible to provide unlimited dishes.

Since that was the case, the final outcome would definitely be hunger marketing.

While they were fighting for the biggest profits, they were also expanding their popularity with the greatest effect, seizing the market and forming a brand effect.

"This will do!"

Qin Luo did not need to worry about the development of food.

As for the high-grade ingredients with special effects, the best ones were placed in the Luo Shen Residence while the rest were placed in the warehouse.

Without him around, Mengmeng, who had received the highest authorization, naturally had the authority to become his tool and deliver goods.

Just in time.

He had hired a lot of ingredients to purchase and transport NPCs. He could not let them freeload!

It was just that he had an additional mission every day. He would go to the Luo Shen Residence and take the high-end ingredients from Mengmeng. It wouldn't take much time for him to train his body!

Eating as an immortal was not a problem, but Hidden Dragon Pavilion…

This was a little difficult.

Everything else could work faster, except for the potion business!

After all.

The reason why Hidden Dragon Pavilion's potions were unique and sold so explosively was because the effects were stronger, and why was the effect stronger?

Other than the Dragon City potions that could not be replicated, the most popular potions—middle-grade potions—were all purchased from the System Shop. However, they had been sublimated by the Starlight Miracle and became powerful.

In short,

Without the starlight miracle, he was nothing.

And the Starlight Miracle was his unique BUG skill. This could not be used by others!

"First, buy a batch of potions. Buy all the remaining gold coins on the account into potions. They should be able to last for a few days! If not, with the space jump, we can react in time if anything unexpected happens. An hour's cooldown time is not a big problem. We can afford to wait!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin as he pondered. At the same time, he opened his friends list and sent messages to the contacts of the various major powers.

Half an hour later.

Qin Luo Sheng completed another batch of potions and headed straight for the system pharmacy with the six million gold coins he had earned from the sale.

The sales volume of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's store remained unchanged. After all, they had to continue collecting goods, especially the three large sums of crystal coins, Augmenting Gems, and Spirit Crystals. It would cost quite a bit, and they could not allow their funds to run out.

More than six million gold coins was an astronomical figure. The amount used to buy potions was simply explosive.

After all.

Intermediate potions were counted with silver coins, and they did not even need gold coins.

After a while.

Qin Luo Sheng sent the huge amount of potent medicine to the storehouse of the Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion. As for himself, he was exhausted from overusing the miracle of starlight.