Chapter 534: Crazy Enhancement, + 10 Divine Weapons (4)

"Whatever, continue!"

Qin Sheng's eyes were already a little red. Some of the higher-ups placed the + 6 [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] on the forging platform without saying a word. Then, they placed the high-level Augmenting Gem as the material with heartache.

Look at the cost of the gold coins—

20,000!

F*ck!

It was twice as expensive as + 6 10,000 gold coins?

Dog coins.

‘ I’m dying for money.’

No way!

Qin Qin Sheng cursed.

Still.

Even though he was scolding them, he still had to do it properly.

And—

20% success rate!

Too low.

Needless to say.

A maximum of four spirit crystals would be put up, increasing the success rate by 20%!

"40%?"

Qin Luo took a deep breath. "Cheers!"

Bang!

It was not the clear and crisp sound from before. Instead, it was a deep and dull sound.

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at his [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], which had originally been strengthened by + 6. Now that it had returned to its former state, it had been strengthened by + 0. He almost went crazy.

At the same time.

The precious Advanced Strengthening Stone was gone!

Four spirit crystals were gone!

20,000 gold coins were gone!

[Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] lost 10 Durability!

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

The durability of an Epic weapon was 10 points. Repairing it would cost at least 500 gold coins.

His mother had exploded, and he had suffered a great loss!

"I don't believe it!"

If one was not ruthless, one would not be able to stand steadily.

Qin Luo Sheng was like an anxious gambler who had lost. He took away the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier from the forging table, took out the Coiling Dragon Water, and placed it on the table.

Sword cushion?

Familiar?

Find a feeling?

Fuck you!

Just do it!

What was the point of doing all those fancy things?

Come!

Start!

Clang!

+ 1 success rate, 100% success rate, needless to say!

Except.

This consumption…

-3,000 gold coins?

Holy shit!

The first three enhancements in the Epic stage only cost 1,000 gold coins. Once it reached the Legendary stage, it would directly triple?

"Dog system, that's official enough. You guys are awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng instantly wanted to curse, "In order to retrieve the game currency, you guys are really willing to do anything. You don't even want your face anymore, right? No wonder, no wonder you've launched the 'beneficial nation' dungeon system to give the players benefits. So there's a huge hole like the strengthening system waiting for us to jump into! It's f*cking true!"

How devious! "

Although he was complaining!

But what could he do?

Other than forcing himself to do it, what else could he do?

"This…"

He opened his backpack and looked at his balance. There was still about 200,000 gold coins left.

Logically speaking.

200,000 gold coins was a huge sum.

But.

In Qin Luo Sheng's mind, he could not help but recall the scene of strengthening the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] just now. That strengthening + 7 directly cost 20,000 gold coins. He could not help but feel his scalp tingle.

Enough?

That was enough!

This bit of money was probably not enough to fill the gaps between his teeth!

Not to mention anything else, just the current [Coiling Dragon Li Water] would probably be enough.

"D * mn, what a loss!"

Qin Luo thumped his chest.

Gold coins were of no use to him. However, the price of this thing was dropping rapidly every day. It could even be described as a bloodbath. Holding it in his hands was a continuous depreciation.

For that.

Previously, he had no choice but to purchase physical assets crazily to prevent the depreciation of his wealth and to invest in it.

Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Nine Food Immortals, and Nine Great Views Mansion Number One, which was completed today, were all born because of this.

Yet.

It was precisely because of this that he, who had a few million gold coins on him just now, was only left with these two hundred thousand gold coins!

Yet.

This incomparably disgraceful strengthening system had come to scam money at this moment.

Furthermore, it was a blatant scheme. It was impossible to not fall for it.

"It's too difficult for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a heavy sigh, his face full of helplessness. "Let's try it out first. If we run out of money, we can only use it from the turnover of the shops and restaurants. Now that the dungeon is so popular, with so many potions just now, and with the madness caused by the Ice Crystal Horned Horse, the transaction volume should not be bad."

And this was the store's potion business!

Other than that.

Food that could be eaten as an immortal could only increase one's attributes by a limited amount every day. It was also the fastest way to earn money.

Compared to Hidden Dragon Pavilion's crystal coins, the expenditure of Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals and Eating as Immortals was practically negligible. After all, with the current players' abilities, the chances of obtaining high-grade ingredients from them was almost negligible.

"Hu…"

Qin Sheng exhaled heavily and shifted his gaze to the [Coiling Dragon Water] that was emitting red and blue lights. He looked at the two dragon souls swimming in the sword and his expression froze. "Continue. I don't f*cking believe that with my high-level weapon refinement skills and 36 Luck Points, I can't even fix a mere strengthening."

Clang!

+ 2 success, -3,000 gold coins!

Clang!

+ 3 success, -3000 gold coins!

Clang!

+ 4 success, -10,000 gold coins!

Qin Luo Sheng's lips began to twitch.

In terms of multiplication, [Coiling Dragon Li Water] + 4 was only twice as much as [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] + 4. It was far more than the previous + 1 to + 3 times. However, this amount was too much to bear.

10,000 gold coins!

Not counting the cost of materials, just the gold coins alone cost 10,000 gold coins, which was equivalent to 100,000 gold coins!

Damn system!

Fuck!

Clang!

+ 5 success, -3000 gold coins!

Clang!

+ 6 success, -100,000 gold coins, -2 spirit crystals!

After some maneuvering.

[Coiling Dragon Water] successfully strengthened + 6!

Until now.

He had already lost 3 low-level Augmenting Gems, 3 mid-level Augmenting Gems, 2 spirit crystals, and 149,000 gold coins!

Hiss!

As he calculated, Qin Sheng could not help but gasp.

Damn it!

Isn't this too extreme?

Was he crazy?

This consumption was terrifying.

Furthermore, he had been succeeding all this while. If he was unlucky, he might end up in a cycle or something. If he kept going up and down, not only would the consumption be shocking, his mental state would also collapse.

"+ 6?"

Looking at the ordinary-looking [Coiling Dragon Li Water] in his hands, Qin Sheng recalled the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] that had just been liberated. He was a little hesitant, but in an instant, his thoughts turned for the better. He gritted his teeth and said, "How can + 6 match my identity? It's just a Augmenting Gem! It's just gold coins! What's there to be afraid of? Just do it! It's over if I do it! Legendary Divine Weapons don't shine (there will be a glow after + 7). It's totally not cool!"

Come!

Start! Start!

Once again, he placed the [Coiling Dragon Water] on the forging table. Then, he placed a precious Advanced Strengthening Stone in the pit at the side. He looked at the consumption of gold coins with heartache. 300,000 gold coins?

Qin Sheng:…

You're awesome!

You're awesome!

I'm convinced!

After setting up the forging room to prevent others from intruding, Qin Luo kept the materials while cursing and swearing. He walked out of the door and ran towards Star Glory City's Food Immortal's Restaurant.