Chapter 540: Demonized Villagers

Qin Luo Sheng's head buzzed.

Damn!

So that was how it was!

These guys were playing quite well!

The game had just been updated yesterday and there was no restriction on the gaming time. Was he planning to stock up on it for ten days to half a month?

Sure!

Very forceful.

It turned out that there was a time limit, but it didn't matter. After the gaming time was used up, there was still a lot of free time. Those who had work would go to work, and those who didn't have jobs could go out for a walk and socialize.

Now.

The biggest obstacle was gone. Everyone went crazy.

"No wonder!"

It was not that Qin Luo could not understand.

At this stage.

The game officials had just released the restrictions on the game's duration. The game maniacs had already been tortured by the game's ten hours a day. If they could play without restrictions, how could they not have a good time?

Again.

In this update, the dungeon system had completely stirred up the players' emotions, especially the low-level players who had been tortured by the young monsters. They rushed forward and killed the monsters without caring about anything else.

And—

The drop rate of equipment drops and coins had increased. Furthermore, the price of gold coins had not completely collapsed yet. There was almost one last mouthful of soup left. Not to mention those professional gold farming groups, even ordinary players could not resist such temptation!

One gold coin was 100 yuan!

If they worked harder and formed a reliable team, everyone would be able to get at least five to six gold coins in a day. That was five to six hundred gold coins!

Work?

To go to Hammer's class?

Could he earn so much money by working a day?

Besides.

This was just a gold coin. After killing monsters for a day, no matter how bad your luck was, you could still get some equipment, right?

If his luck was better, he might even get a skill book, scrolls, formulas, valuable items, as well as the most popular Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals!

Add the materials on the monster…

Tsk tsk.

They were about to take off!

It was impossible to become rich overnight by killing low-level monsters, but if he was lucky, he could earn a month's salary in a day.

Under such attraction, who wouldn’t be moved and envious?

Even the big shots dropped whatever they were doing and joined the farming army.

Still.

Their goal was not like ordinary players who focused on earning money. They wanted to get the first clear of the dungeon and become famous. At the same time, they wanted to obtain the only special reward in every dungeon.

"As expected of Fate Dimension!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh.

Indeed.

No one could resist the charm of this virtual reality game.

It was just an instance dungeon system, but it was pulling a huge storm that could engulf the entire world.

‘ I’m afraid so.’

It wasn't just China. The other countries weren't far off either.

"Isn't it the same for me?"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and walked out of the supermarket with a few bags of stuff.

Big brother, not to mention second brother.

Next.

He was going to be like the other players, crazily going against the Fated World.

If he was not worried about Nan Nan, he would not be here. He would still be fighting in the game world.

Ten days seemed like a lot, but this time, it was a solo battle, and it was to clear an unknown region. The difficulty was extremely high.

Fortunately.

This Second Stage Professional Mission was quite humane. It was not necessary to complete it from the beginning to the end. If one did not have enough strength, they only needed to complete a certain amount of the mission to succeed in the Second Stage Profession. Even if they did so, the reward would not be good.

Back at home.

She had just closed the door and had yet to put down the shopping bag in her hand when there was a knock on the door.

He took the food from the delivery man and dragged Nan Nan out of bed.

"Daddy, I want to drink cola!"

Nannan, who was still sleepy, perked up at the smell of food. Her eyes lit up when she saw the coke in the shopping bag.

Qin Qin Sheng's head hurt instantly.

However, seeing Nan Nan's pitiful expression, he could not reject her. He could only pretend to be strict and said, "Although it is summer, you cannot drink too many iced drinks. You can only drink two cans a day, no more!"

"Oh!"

"Don't go against my wishes."

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at Nan Nan whose eyes were like black pearls moving about. He sneered, "These are all leftovers from when I played with you. You can't sneak them here. I know very well how many things I've bought. If I find out that you've exceeded them, I'll cut off your snacks and drinks. You can only drink water every day."

Nan'an: [ﾟД ﾟ]

"Hmph, bad daddy!"

Ha ~

Whatever you say!

Qin Luo was unmoved by the pouty, puffed-up, and angry girl.

With just you, Monkey Sun, do you think I, Gautama Buddha, can't subdue you?

After dinner.

Qin Qin Sheng tidied up the mess and then separated the rubbish into categories before going downstairs to throw it away.

Nan Nan never changed. She went against Qin Luo's Death Stare, carrying a big bag of snacks and a can of coke in her other hand before returning to her room.

"Forget it, just let her be! After I'm done with my business, if her condition hasn't improved, I'll take her to the hospital for a proper checkup. Now that I have money, I can make a fortune. I don't believe I can't find out why this girl is so sleepy!"

…

World of Destiny.

In the far east of Black Brilliance City.

Outside the Dark Abyss.

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

"Summon Ice!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng summoned his pet and mount.

He had no teammates, but he had helpers!

Whether it was dealing with small fries or Bosses, Little Tiny was a great help. Magical skills had high single-target damage, a large area of effect, and it was a fierce ruffian!

As for Bing Bing, because she had chosen a mount, she was not strong in battle, but with the Qilin bloodline, she would not be too bad either. It was just that she was currently only at level ten and could not unleash much, so she could only eat more experience and watch when she grew up.

"Let's go!"

Qin Luo took out the Coiling Dragon Water and Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier. He spurred his horse and charged towards the monsters ahead.

"There's quite a number of them!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the humanoid monster dressed in ancient style clothes. After a rough calculation, his vision was no less than three digits. He could not help but grumble, "Looks like it's a mixed fish monster!"

Probing skill!

[Enchanted Villager (Enhanced 1-star Elite)]

Level: 30

Health Points: 250,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 800

Magic Defense: 200

Speed: 500

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally a villager nearby. After being abducted, he built the Demon Palace here. After his death, his corpse was abandoned and his resentment did not disperse. Furthermore, he was corroded by the power of darkness and turned into an undead creature. He wandered in the boundless darkness and hated all living things!