Chapter 547: The Secret Of The Demon Palace (2)

"Oh, so you're the deserters from the second army corps of the Tarling Kingdom? For the sake of your lives, you didn't hesitate to betray your country and the people. Even if you become so inhuman, you still have to live. Should I say that you're lucky or afraid of death?"

The sudden teasing made the leader of the soldiers, who were immersed in self-pity, as well as the soldiers who were looking forward to it, tremble in fear.

"Who, who is it? Who is acting mysterious?"

The leader pulled out a large saber from his waist and scanned the surroundings, looking for enemies. At the same time, he shouted loudly, waking up a group of small fries.

After all, he was once a soldier of the Royal Army Corps. Even though he had become a deserter, his quality was still not bad. He immediately reacted and formed a circle with the leader of the small generals as the center, with his back against each other to guard against all directions.

"You want to stop me just like that?"

Qin Sheng, who was in a dormant state, had basically guessed everything based on the information he had gathered from these guys' conversation.

The detection spell swept across.

35 Enhanced Elite minions and the leader was a Level 38 Gold Boss!

Not bad.

Unfortunately.

A Gold Boss was far from enough!

"Who are you?"

As they looked at Qin Sheng, who had emerged from the shadows, the group of people nervously gripped the large saber in their hands. Their eyes were fierce and their eyes were bloodshot.

It was obvious that he had killed many people.

"Now, you answer my question!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the threatening looks from the few brave soldiers. Riding on Bing Bing, he spoke indifferently in a condescending manner.

“Where did this brat come from? Why is he so arrogant?”

Before Little Boss could say anything, one of his subordinates shouted, "When Grandfather was killing the enemies on the battlefield, you were still drinking milk in your mother's arms!"

"Unbelievable!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed. The dragon's might and the death god's gaze were released at the same time. The violent might of a true dragon and the gaze that seemed to come from the death god's gaze. Under the double impact, the dauntless soldier who had yet to charge over was nailed to the ground as if his entire body was filled with lead. He did not move at all. His entire body trembled like sieve as he hugged his head and let out a miserable howl.

"Wow, your luck is pretty good!"

Initially, he had only wanted to rely on the bloodline of the True Dragon and the force of the Death God to suppress him. He had never expected that he would trigger a state of intimidation, causing Little Soldier to fall into a state of terror.

"Indeed, I am a man blessed by the Goddess of Luck!"

Qin Luo Sheng decisively ignored a certain effect of the [Life Praying] and shamelessly indulged himself for a moment. Then, he looked at the dumbfounded and constricted pupils of the other dauntless soldiers and curled his lips into a smug smile. "This way, my role as the boss is even more realistic. At least these minions will definitely be able to shock me!"

“You… you, who exactly are you?”

The other Humvee was not as reckless as the first one. He charged forward and took the direct impact of the two debuffing skills, but he was still swept in. All his attributes decreased by 40%. Feeling the strength that was instantly suppressed and lost in his body, he was extremely scared. He asked in a trembling voice, "What is your purpose?"

“Yeah?”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression turned cold as he secretly cast a Holy Flame on himself. Then, he swiftly pulled out his sword. The golden sword qi was like an afterimage as it carried the Holy Strike and dealt an additional four times damage to the darkness element. It ruthlessly slashed at the questioning dauntless man. With a murderous look in his eyes, he said, "I said, I asked, and you all answered. Do you not understand human language, or do you think my words are not effective?"

"Ah… Ah… Ah…"

A mere level 35 minion was not even a Black Iron Boss. How could he block Qin Sheng's sudden attack? After the Sword Qi with the Holy Strike landed, he also unfortunately triggered a critical hit. Not only did he lose nearly 50% of his health, golden flames also attached to his body. Like maggots in one's bones, he ruthlessly bit down, bringing indescribable immense pain. After being strengthened by the dark energy, this brave warrior, whose body had become stronger and his sense of pain weakened, fell to the ground in an incomparably sorry state like a dog. He rolled crazily and let out hoarse and shrill cries.

"Sir, who exactly are you?"

Seeing his subordinate in such a miserable state, Little Boss couldn't help but raise his eyebrows. His eyes were filled with fear, but he was someone who had seen all kinds of storms. He didn't lose his composure too much, but he was full of vigilance and his body was tense.

"Who am I? I'm just a nobody who was ordered to destroy the Demon Palace!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled indifferently and waved the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] that was filled with divine energy without a trace.

All the brave men:…

Who are you trying to fool?

Do you dare to put away your longsword that contains dragon soul suppression and golden flames?

Shameless.

“You are the deserters of the second legion of the Towering Kingdom, right?”

Qin Luo narrowed his eyes, unabashedly exposing the identities of these guys. "I won't waste any more words. Tell me the information you guys know and then quickly die. I can let you guys die more comfortably."

“Bastard!”

The moment these words were spoken, an uproar broke out.

After all, he was a valiant warrior who had slaughtered countless of his own kind and had been corroded by the dark energy. The negative emotions and the evil of human nature were magnified rapidly. His mind had been stimulated long ago and he had become abnormal. How could he not be angry when a little brat who came from who knew where actually dared to say such crazy words?

"I'll kill you today and knock out all your teeth. Let's see if you still dare to be so arrogant!"

A fierce-looking old man raised his saber and charged over. His eyes were blood red and his face was ferocious. Veins covered his forehead and a faint black aura appeared on his body. He looked very scary.

"Ridiculous!"

Yet.

In the end, this valiant soldier forgot how his comrade who was still rolling on the ground after suffering a sword strike just now collapsed. What greeted him was the same golden sword qi as before.

Instantly.

He collapsed too.

And he did.

He also started rolling around.

He regretted it just as much as his fellow comrade.

This was not an ordinary attack, but an attack imbued with divine power. It was specifically used to restrain evil people like them who had fallen into darkness. It would be fine if they only possessed dark power, but the key was that their minds were filthy and their hands were stained with blood. If they were not demons, the pain would be magnified to the extreme, just like now.

“There’s no need to say too much. I should know quite a bit about you two. Even if there’s something I don’t know, I’m not interested in knowing.”

Qin Luo, who was about to speak, interrupted him and said firmly, "In any case, you have the blood of countless comrades on your hands and are full of sins. You can no longer be washed away. Today, you are destined to die and no one will be able to escape. The reason why I did not kill you all now is because I wanted to know more about your army. That's all."