Chapter 549: We Are Willing To Surrender!

No one was a fool.

Everyone could tell what this little brat was implying.

Not pursuing the deserter?

In other words.

They just didn’t report that they were the Towering Kingdom’s second army.

What was the difference?

The difference was huge!

Back then.

They were supposed to guard the Mufeng Army for the Paleolithic Kingdom, but due to the oppression of the emperor and the nobles, they were unhappy with the deduction of military funds. They were also frightened by the cruelness of the undead lich who destroyed more than ten cities and killed everyone, leaving no survivors. Hence, they gave up their duty of guarding and became deserters.

In order to escape!

They even resorted to using the tactic of using the common people to replace them and become the souls of the Liches. In order to hide their tracks, they destroyed the villages and small cities they passed by. Their cruel methods were no weaker than the Liches.

They were still alive. Even though they had fled here and had been corroded by the dark energy, becoming like this, completely hidden, they were still alive.

However…

In the eyes of the world, they were already dead. They had died in the battle for the protection of Mu Feng City and in the hands of the brutal undead lich.

They were the heroes of humanity!

They were the souls of the army of the Towering Kingdom!

They were the pride of their family!

Yet.

All of this.

As the man before her spread the news, everything would be destroyed.

The humans would despise them!

The Towering Congress would smash the spirit tablets they placed in the army soul palace and erase the names on the army soul tablets they erected!

The scariest thing was…

Their family would no longer be the family of heroes. Instead, they would have to bear an incomparably heavy price and become eternal humiliation. They would be spat on, abandoned, bullied…

Not only was there no death compensation, but there was also no living allowance. Not to mention living on, even if they didn’t settle scores in the future, the nobles of the Towering Kingdom would be merciful.

Except.

If the officials did not care, did the citizens not care too?

Their families could drown with their saliva!

Who asked their parents to raise such a coward son? Who asked their wife to marry a deserter husband? Who asked their child to have a bear father…

Socially die!

A terrifying social death!

And this was only a slight…

Something worse.

Those who had lost their family and friends because of the destruction of Mufeng City, as well as those who were filled with righteous indignation, would do even more brutal things.

At that time…

They were the ones whose home was ruined.

His fate might be even worse than that of the citizens of Mu Feng City who died in the hands of the Lich.

“You—you can’t—”

After figuring out the crux of the matter, he started to tremble in fear. The cruelty and ruthlessness in his eyes disappeared, replaced by endless fear.

"Oh? Why? Do you want to kill me and bury this matter forever?"

The brave warriors were scared, but the leader of the small BOSS had a fierce look in his eyes and his hand that was holding onto the large sword tightened.

"What a fantasy!"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up into a cruel smile. Like a cat playing with a mouse, he looked at the group of minions. "Since that's the case, don't blame me for not giving you guys a chance. Come on! Let me see how capable you guys, who have aimed the butcher's knife at your own compatriots and received the blessing of the dark power, are!"

A type of dauntless people looked at each other and were hesitant.

"We are willing to surrender!"

With a clang, the leader of the small BOSS dropped his sword on the ground. His knees went weak and he knelt on the ground with his head buried deep.

"Boss!"

The soldiers were stunned. They looked at their boss's actions and didn't know what to do.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo stroked his chin and narrowed his eyes. "It seems that you still have some brains!—Fine, since I'm the one who said it and you've caught it, then I'll fulfill your wish. As long as the deal is completed, I'll keep my promise."

"Thank you, sir!"

The Little Boss looked up and reached into his pocket. He took out a sheepskin scroll and handed it over respectfully. "This is the map of the Demon Palace. Please take a look."

Qin Luo Sheng took it over and scanned through it. He immediately integrated it into the map system and checked it. The screen of light appeared clearly.

"Very good!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head in satisfaction. With this thing, there was no need to search carefully anymore. There were many traps on it that could be avoided. Even if the outcome remained the same, he would definitely be the one to clear the Demon Palace. However, with this map, he could at least save a lot of time.

“I’ve obtained the map. Now, let’s talk about the detailed information of the Demon Palace, especially who we should pay attention to!”

The map wasn't the only one he had. Even if he didn't have it, he would at most be ambushed by monsters. At most, he would have to take a detour and fall into traps. Given his strength, he wouldn't die, and the threat he posed wouldn't be too great. It would only be slightly more troublesome.

Most importantly…

The Boss of the Demon Palace!

These guys.

This was the biggest obstacle in this trip!

"Yes!"

The little BOSS said respectfully, "There are eight…"

"Shut up, Boss. Are you going to betray the Great Kings?"

Without waiting for the little BOSS to reveal the information, the brave warriors at the side were enraged and roared, "Do you think that this brat can really do anything to the Great Kings? After entering this place, he will definitely not be able to leave. Why don't we kill him? This way, everything will be covered up. You betrayed the Great King now and even want to commit suicide later on. Are you still the boss that I know? The great warrior who once commanded the wind and clouds on the battlefield and fought against ten people alone?"

"Truly a frog at the bottom of a well, utterly foolish!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about these minions. In any case, they were all going to die. The difference was whether he would kill them or wait for them to commit suicide and leave in pain.

Now.

Their boss was very sensible and saw through everything. He was prepared to compromise and exchange his life for his reputation and the safety of his family.

However…

He wanted to do this, but his subordinates disagreed!

“My lord, I’m sorry. They—”

The moment the words left their mouths, Little Boss's face turned pale. He hurriedly shook his head and waved his hands, wanting to explain to Qin Sheng.

"Don't look at me!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a playful look in his eyes, "I need information. Anyone can give me information. As for those who are unconvinced, they will regret it! No, perhaps not, because they can no longer see the future, nor do they know what kind of suffering their loved ones will suffer!"

“Bastard! I’ll kill you!”

When they heard that Qin Sheng was still threatening their family members, the brave soldiers were all enraged. Holding their sabers, they were about to go forth and start a massacre.

Swoosh…

Yet.

Without waiting for the soldiers to take a step forward, a bloody light flashed and a large head flew into the sky.

——————

【删除】