Chapter 541: Ancient Battlefield (1)

"Is he such a small fry?!!"

Qin Sheng was speechless when he saw the attributes of the villager.

Although he had already expected it to be a mixed fish monster, he did not expect it to be such a mixed fish.

How long had it been since he encountered such a useless monster?

“It’s just that at the outermost edge of the Dark Abyss, these fellows were the most ordinary villagers when they were alive, so it can be considered quite normal!”

Dragon Might!

-50000!

Death God's Gaze!

-50000!

The two debuff skills were activated at the same time.

Instantly.

The Enchanted villager's attributes dropped by 40%!

"If it was any other scenario, I might not have the confidence to complete the mission perfectly, but a dark scenario, hehe…"

Qin Luo could not help but laugh.

For now, the Dragon Might was effective against all races and all attributes.

However…

The [Death God's Embrace] that condensed Death God's power was only targeted at dark-type existences.

Before.

It was in the Moon Temple, the headquarters of the Liches.

But.

During the trip to Tear Snow Village, all the monsters were of the water attribute and were useless.

Still.

And now he was back.

Dark Abyss.

As expected, all the monsters here were of the Darkness attribute.

This way…

The effect of [Death's Embrace] could be used perfectly again.

Not only that.

After completing the mission at Tear Snow Village, [Life Prayer] had evolved to Legendary stage due to the Flower Goddess. Its effects had increased exponentially and its power had increased greatly. It dealt + 80% damage to dark-type creatures!

"Let's go and lure the monsters!"

With a single slash, [Coiling Dragon Li Water], which had an attack power of 21,600 points, exploded and killed the remaining 60% of the villagers.

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless for a long time. Then, he patted Bing Bing's head. The latter instantly understood and started running rapidly, shuttling back and forth among the demonized villagers.

"Sacred Flame!"

In just a few minutes, Qin Luo had attracted the hatred of all the demonized villagers in the area with his extraordinary speed and his unrestrained dragon might.

Holy flames!

Damage to dark-type creatures is quadrupled, and attacks can split.

Swoosh…

With a single slash, experience flooded the screen.

Even Qin Luo could not withstand a single strike of the demonized villager in his normal state. How could he withstand an attack that was enhanced by the holy flames and strengthened by the damage?

Not only was it an instant kill, but the splitting attack also harvested all the unlucky people around it. There were no exceptions!

"Great!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was flushed red as he brandished his sword wildly, completely disregarding the thousands of demonized villagers. "This is simply unparalleled cutting grass!"

A few minutes later!

One spit from each of them could drown Qin Luo's demonized villagers. All of them fell to the ground. This was the first time Qin Luo Sheng had been killed. With his high Luck Points, even if he were to dive down and kill monsters, he would still be able to defeat Level 30 with 36. Starlight would still burst out all over the ground.

"Trash, there's no need to waste time!"

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng did not even take a glance at it. After a rough calculation, there were at least a hundred equipment and props. He turned a blind eye to them and drove away on ice.

It wasn't that Qin Luo had drifted off, but that there was no way the demonized villager would drop anything good.

Luck points could increase the drop rate, but it did not mean that the equipment dropped could be enhanced or even upgraded.

Well.

The Starlight Miracle could do this.

Except.

The items dropped by these guys were at most black iron equipment. Even if it was a Starlight Miracle Jump, it was only silver. It was too useless.

"The Dark Abyss is too big!"

Riding on Bing Bing, he shuttled through the darkness. His surroundings were filled with corruption and the smell of blood. It was as if he was being watched by an evil entity hidden in the dark all the time. No matter how daring Qin Sheng was, he could not help but feel a little ashamed.

The most disgusting thing was…

Due to the constant changes here, the scene was no longer the same as before. The simple map that Ge Lin had given him was basically useless, and he could only see a rough outline.

"This is really not an ordinary difficulty!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a heavy sigh. "It's not just a test of combat ability. It also includes the examinations of lurking, lone troops, group killings, single combat, and gathering information from all sides?"

It was too difficult!

Damn it!

This damn mission!

What a scam!

It was already difficult enough for one person to fight alone. Facing the Demonized Villagers, who needed to be massacred, it did not matter. Facing a solo battle with a powerful Boss, it did not matter.

However…

Can you be more reliable?

Not to mention the time limit, he did not even give her any information. Other than a simplified map that had not been updated for many years, he did not give her anything?

Tsk!

"If the lousy system can't be relied on, then we can only depend on ourselves!"

Now that things had come to this, even if he was angry, it was only impotent rage. Qin Sheng was not affected by his emotions and began to think of strategies. "Since it's the examinations, it's definitely not a complete lockdown. There must be clues that lead to the so-called Demon Palace."

Don't want to get lost?

In such a dark place with poor vision, it was rather difficult.

Still.

There shouldn’t be any special traps in the outermost region. They could try to explore deeper while they were sweeping the area. It shouldn’t take too much time.

Three hours later.

After sweeping through dozens of small areas and eliminating at least a hundred thousand demonized villagers, Qin Sheng finally stopped.

"We have more or less figured out the outer region!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened the blurry map and looked at the bits and pieces of information on it. Combining it with the area where he had been running earlier, he simulated the simple and crude region of the entire scene in his mind. "It should be a fan-shaped diffuse region. The place I'm currently at is the outermost region. No matter which direction I go from, as long as I move forward, I'll be able to reach the only end point!"

In fact.

There was no need for Qin Sheng to analyze it in such a way. He already knew a little about it.

Because—

Just now, he did not slash left and right. Instead, he used a diagonal line to continuously move forward. At this moment, even though the visibility was still low, this was only for the surroundings. If one looked far into the distance, on the towering mountain, there was a palace filled with evil and ominous aura. In this pitch-black area, it emitted an incomparably dense blood-colored light. It was hard not to notice it.

“Looks like that should be the destination of this trip!”

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he sized up the terrifying Demon Palace that was much larger than the Ice Snow Divine Hall. His brows were tightly furrowed. "He's strutting around so openly without the slightest intention of hiding. Is he that confident? Sigh, another tough battle!"