Chapter 543: Ancient Battlefield (3)

Three days later!

Apart from going offline to drag Nan Nan out for a meal, as well as resolving the necessary physiological habits, Qin Sheng had spent almost 24 hours of his life in the world of destiny. His efforts had paid off greatly.

Now.

They were getting closer to the blood-red Evil Demon Palace.

"This efficiency is not bad, right?"

Looking at the level 35 Dark Monster on the ground, Qin Sheng shook his sore arms and prepared to rest.

"I originally thought that it would take at least five to six days to arrive, but now it seems that it should arrive by tomorrow at the latest!"

After silently estimating the distance, Qin Sheng came to a conclusion and heaved a sigh of relief.

He had no choice.

The pressure was quite high!

After all, he had sacrificed too much for this mission. He did not even have any time to rest.

Every time he triggered the monsters, he was so tired that he could not even lift his arms. He had to use this period of time where he could not fight to activate Space Jump and return to the main city to replenish his stock.

This was even more tiring than working as a model!

"These guys are crazy!"

Qin Sheng turned on the silent communicator and looked at the messages sent by the various major forces. Without exception, they were asking for more medicine. Black lines appeared on his face and he could not help but complain.

These few days.

This happened every day.

Each time, they were asked to buy as much as they could. However, each time, they would be exhausted by a day. There was no exception. Even if the number of people that a faction bought increased every day, it was still not enough.

‘ Of course.’

It was not their fault.

After all.

The amount of medicinal water needed to open the dungeon was too much.

The official dungeons were still alright. There was a limit to the number of times a day, but it was different for dungeons in the wild. There was no limit to the number of times, and it could be done indefinitely. Even if the drop rate was getting lower, experience was real. Who didn't lack experience?

In addition, there were more level 30 players, and more players needed to complete the second stage quest.

What was the second stage mission?

That was an important mission that concerned the future. Who would be stingy with it?

In order to increase the passing rate and evaluation score, he would not miss out on any factors that could affect him. And high-grade potions were the easiest things to come into contact with. How could he not get it?

"Continue replenishing!"

Qin Sheng stood up after replying to a bunch of scammers and sighed silently.

Sigh!

A born laborer!

An old tool!

"I just hope that I can complete this f*cking mission as soon as possible. I also f*cking want to find a wild dungeon to obtain rewards!"

Looking at how everyone was working hard to get the first clear of the major dungeons and the only reward, Qin Luo Sheng expressed his envy.

‘ Of course.’

He was only doing it for the mission reward, not like these fat sheep who bought potions. Ahem, he was doing it for something deeper!

In this era.

The traffic was king!

Even the game world was no exception.

If you don't publicize it, who will know about you?

If you spread it, who would acknowledge you?

If they wanted to succeed, the simplest method was to use money. However, who had so much money to spend? The initial investment was a bottomless pit. If they still spent it to attract players to join, no one would be able to take it.

Since that was the case, there was only one way.

That was to let other players take the initiative to invest instead of relying on the benefits!

The players were not idiots, especially those powerful solo players. Even if they wanted to find a guild, why did they choose you? What right did you have to obtain their recognition?

Reputation!

Super high Reputation was the foundation for everything!

How could he obtain this?

It was very simple!

It would be over if he were to appear on television!

But that was too difficult!

Taking a step back and revealing his name on the rankings of the various war zones was also a method.

However, the rankings were limited. The rankings that were recognized, such as the level rankings, equipment rankings, pet rankings, and mount rankings, were all occupied by a certain man who looked down on all life. Even if they were rich, they had no goods. It was difficult to get on the rankings.

What could he do?

Appointed to develop themselves silently?

Wasn't that an idiot?

Everyone knew that the future of Fate Dimension was definitely the best now and in the future.

Even if the initial investment was a bottomless pit, as long as the later investment came, the benefits would be immeasurable.

Not to mention many, some people could earn a fortune just by relying on a formula, let alone large factions that were apprehensive in all aspects.

Since ancient times, money had moved people's hearts.

So what if you develop silently and take good care of other aspects? Without the protection of a powerful force, no matter how much money you have, it would only benefit others.

Therefore, strengthening oneself was the most important.

How could he strengthen himself?

You have to know.

Fate Dimension was not like the previous games. This was a phenomenal game that swept the entire world. It was not like the previous games where there were only two or three big cats. There were more than a billion players in the Chinese war zone.

This was an opportunity, as well as a challenge.

Hence.

The online gaming guilds that had the upper hand had relied on their original players to gain some advantages. However, this was far from enough. The number of players in a billion was simply too low. If they were to close in on themselves, they would be easily surpassed.

The more players there were, the more chaotic it became.

Even though they were tyrannical in the game world before, it was only limited to a small area in the game world. Who knew about the ten guilds?

Without new blood, no matter how strong one was in the past, they would inevitably decline. With new blood, not only would they be able to maintain their status, but they would also be able to continuously increase their competitiveness and increase their strength.

He would not see her.

The current flourishing pavilion was an example!

In other words, the Rose Society was an example!

One was the first to leave the novice village and the first to officially change occupation, while the other was the first to complete the second Class Advancement and possess a Nine Revolutions Pet. This caused his reputation to soar and the power behind him to increase greatly, absorbing many potential players and powerful experts.

And all of this could not do without one person—

Weeping Soul!

This was a truly terrifying man!

Unfortunately.

Even though she had obtained this man's contact information and it was impossible to win him over, at least they had established a connection. It was not a loss if she did not become enemies with him.

Didn't you see the Thunder Guild that offended this man?

There was no special target. Just the sealing of the potions was enough to make Thunder Guild suffer.

Indeed.

Hidden Dragon Pavilion was open to all players and did not restrict the purchase of Thunder Guild members!

But.

Compared to the Thunder Union, which could get discounts from Weeping Soul himself and buy it at full price, and sometimes could not even get it when they were out of stock, it was very difficult.

The amount of potions that had special effects was small and incomplete. The lack of elites under their command caused the exploration to not go smoothly, and the increase in strength was rather slow.

It was just ordinary potions that could be bought in large quantities. It was fine if it was just once or twice, but if it was more, the amount of gold that was consumed would become an astronomical figure, and you had no choice but to buy it.

Like this.

The chain reaction caused by this was that the Thunder Guild had already started to fall behind. Originally, they were ranked eighth, but now, they were gradually catching up to the ninth place, the Inferno Guild.