Chapter 548: The Secret Of The Demon Palace (3)

"What an arrogant brat!"

Since they had already shed all pretense of cordiality and had already spoken to this extent, even if they were extremely terrified in their hearts, Qin Sheng was obviously not a kind person. Now, he had even directly declared that he wanted to kill them. At this moment, why would he still care about suppressing the dragon's might and be afraid of a mount similar to a kirin?

"You want to kill us? Come and try! Do you really think that I relied on luck to climb out of mountains of corpses and seas of blood?"

With the boss's words, the group of valiant soldiers finally found their backbone. They aimed their sabers at Qin Sheng and let out a battle cry.

"I advise you to cooperate with me!"

In the face of a group of disobedient underlings, Qin Sheng's expression did not change, and his tone was as calm as ever. He did not seem to have his guard broken by a bunch of "ignorant fools".

"How funny!"

The team leader of the Little BOSS could not help but laugh. He pointed his sword and said angrily, "You keep saying that you want to kill us, saying that our hands are stained with blood and that we will definitely die today. Since I am going to die, why should I listen to you and betray my comrades?—Did I leave for too long and the youngsters nowadays are all so arrogant and conceited?"

"You talk too much!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. He felt that he was wasting too much time here. He said unhappily, "You guys look neither human nor ghost now. You'll be stuck here forever in this dark place filled with nausea. Instead of living a life worse than death, why don't you let me deliver you guys?"

Without waiting for a reply, Qin Sheng continued, "Are you still dreaming of killing your way back one day? You're really indulging in fantasy. Even if the Taling Nation has decayed, it's not something that you defeated soldiers can break through. Besides, even if the Taling Nation is weak, it's still a human nation. As for you guys, you're already a demon that's associated with evil and darkness. Everyone has the right to punish you."

"I'll give you one last chance!"

"Tell me everything you know. I can let you die without pain. This is already my greatest mercy!"

These words made all the brave men tremble.

He was furious.

Listen! Listen!

Was this human language?

Not only did he want to kill us, but he also wanted us to betray our comrades. He even freaking said that he was being merciful?!

Mercy your f * * k!

Is there such compassion as yours?

Didn't he say to put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha on the spot?

Why are you killing people or being merciful?

He ~ ~ ~ tui!

"Boss, why are you wasting your breath on him? Let's fight it out!"

He was a valiant warrior who had been on the battlefield for a long time. He had climbed out of a pile of corpses and saved his life. He was not afraid of death to begin with. Now that he had been corroded by the dark energy, one could imagine how ruthless he was.

Previously, they were intimidated by the dragon's might and the power of death. Two more of their comrades fell to the ground after being slashed by the two swords. They let out miserable shrieks like dead pigs, and only then did they manage to calm down slightly.

Now, the other party had already declared that he would definitely kill him. What the f*ck was there to wait for?

Just do it!

Die!

They would die in battle, and the cowardly would be slaughtered like pigs without resistance?

Scram!

“Truly regretful, you all chose the most wrong path!”

Qin Luo Sheng had a look of pity on his face. Without waiting for these guys to react, he took the initiative to strike first. With a shake of his right hand, two swift swords slashed down, accurately landing on the bodies of the two brutes who had charged forward earlier. Two critical hits floated past, instantly clearing out their few health points.

"Erhu, Dog…"

The little BOSS shouted furiously, "Bastard, how dare you…"

"Stop shouting. It's your turn next!"

Qin Luo sheathed his sword and stood upright. The coldness in his eyes was as cold as ice, and his killing intent was like a sharp sword that ruthlessly pierced through the hearts of a group of fierce-looking but cowardly cowards, causing them to be scared witless. "These two idiots are called Erhu and Dog, right? Very good! After I finish what I'm doing here and clean up that bunch of bastards in the Demon Palace, I'll report the situation truthfully."

“You’re just a bunch of ruffians who feed on the emperor’s throne. It’s fine if you don’t want to be a nation. The emperor is corrupt and the nobles are tyrannical. There’s nothing to say about your betrayal. But at the very least, everything you eat and use is given to you by the commoners. When they need you the most, you’re like stray dogs, running away with your tails between your legs? Heh!”

"That's not all."

“As fellow humans, for the sake of your own dog lives, for the sake of not being exposed, for the sake of concealing your shameful behavior as deserters, you actually started a boundless slaughter, killing countless of your compatriots. Such viciousness is too many to count, it wouldn’t even be excessive to hack you to pieces. Tell me, what reason do I have to let you go?”

Everyone was speechless.

"Forget it!"

Qin Luo continued with waning interest, "I can't be bothered to waste my breath on you maggots. Go to hell and open up a path for us first. Your comrades who are inferior to beasts like you, as well as your generals and commanders, will soon accompany you. Just you wait. Wait and see how those vengeful spirits who were killed by you in hell will seek revenge on you and drag you into the abyss of eternal damnation!"

"You… Don't even think about it. You're just scaring us!"

The brave soldier who had his defenses broken once again wore a fierce expression on his face.

"A summer insect cannot speak ice!"

Qin Luo Sheng had completely lost interest. Initially, it was just a whim. Because of the hidden mission and the appearance of these guys, he wanted to know more about the Demon Palace to see if he could relax and save some time.

Unfortunately.

From the looks of it, not only did he not save time, he wasted a lot of his time by shooting his mouth off.

Tsk!

It was a loss!

"What exactly do you want?"

Little Boss gritted his teeth angrily.

If he could, why would he do this?

He really couldn't win!

Although he was also a soldier, he was still the leader of the soldiers and the trusted aide of the Army Commander. Naturally, he had a more active mind than the boorish soldiers around him.

Who would want to die if they could live?

Even if he was neither human nor ghost, unable to walk out of this disgusting place for the rest of his life, unable to see his loved ones again, living was good, there was hope.

However…

This little brat in front of them was extremely arrogant, but he was not brainless. He was just a pure idiot who looked down on everything. He was even more stubborn and would not relent even if he wanted to kill them.

This was difficult.

How should he break it?

"What do you want? Are you deaf or have you lost your mind? I've said it before, all of you must die!"

Qin Luo said coldly, "The difference is that if you tell me the information about the Demon Palace, I can let you die without pain. At the same time, I won't pursue the matter of you deserters."

The soldiers’ pupils shrank.

——————

< EMPTY >