Chapter 542: Ancient Battlefield (2)

Demonized villagers!

Demonized Elite villagers!

Demonized Skeleton!

Demonized zombie!

Demonized Zombie!

Dark Vulture!

Vengeful Spirits!

Evil spirit!

Darkness Devil Insects!

Absolute Poison Lizard!

Black scorpion!

…

In just a single day, Qin Luo had experienced dozens of battles of various sizes.

Even though it didn’t seem like they were at the outermost region, jumping from one area to another, completely cleaning up all of the demonized villagers, every time they passed through a region, they had to at least clear out all of the monsters guarding this region before they could open up a path forward.

Fortunately.

These guys weren’t strong. Even with the amplification from the Dark Abyss, they were far more ferocious than monsters of the same level. It was a pity that in front of a hacker, they were nothing more than food, especially since this hacker was the bane of darkness.

"Phew… how f*cking tiring!"

With a slash of his sword, Qin Sheng killed the last dark demonic snake. Exhausted, he collapsed on Qin Luo's icy back, breathing heavily.

The intensity of the battle was not high, but the pace of the battle was extremely fast, and the number of battles was extremely high.

Qin Sheng would rather fight the boss head-on if he had a choice. At the very least, he would not have to swing his sword so frequently if he had a choice. It was as if his hand had been crippled.

"I can't take it anymore, I need to rest!"

He got off the horse and opened his backpack. Qin Luo looked left and right and chose a flat ground that was slightly visible. He took out a napkin and spread it on the ground before carrying out dishes that were still steaming hot.

These.

They were all "dry rations" specially prepared by the chefs who had become immortals before they set off. Among them, there were more than ten high-quality goods that could temporarily enhance one's abilities. They were all made by Master Chef Lin.

Still.

There was no need to use these items to deal with the BOSS.

It was just filling his stomach. He didn't just eat a meal with steamed buns and clear water. Instead, he ate a table of delicacies. It was already extravagant enough.

If he were to use a high-end cuisine that could be auctioned off for more than six-figure gold coins, it would only lower his hunger level. If those big shots who were waving money around and couldn't buy it knew about it, they would probably drown him in their saliva.

"Indeed, China is the best at cooking."

Qin Luo Sheng ate mouthful after mouthful of excellent wine, exclaiming as he ate, "This senior chef is indeed a senior chef. The food he makes is beautiful!"

At the side!

Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing, who were eating like crazy, nodded in agreement.

"You two…"

They were beautiful. Qin Sheng was about to cry.

A dragon and a qilin.

This was a f*cking God Beast. How much did it eat?

It was only the growth stage, but Xiaoxiao could turn into a ten-meter long dragon. Bing Bing was only at level-20, so she was five meters long and three meters tall…

Fortunately, the main dishes were steamed buns and steamed buns, which took up most of the space. If he were to only eat the dishes, even if they were all dishes made from low-grade ingredients, he would have to spend at least ten thousand gold coins for a meal.

I can't afford it! I can't afford it!

"This damn game is really a scam!"

Qin Luo's scalp was numb.

Equipment had durability and needed repair!

Pets. Pets had loyalty. If they did not eat and drink well, they would serve them well. They would not exchange hearts from time to time. They would coax them well and wait for them to betray them!

Even though Xiaoxiao and Bing Bing had both signed a blood contract and there would not be any cases of mutiny like normal pets, they could not save on their daily expenses, right?

Money, money, money!

Gold coins, gold coins, gold coins!

I can't leave anywhere!

Even if he ate everything himself, his daily expenses were too much. Furthermore, he could save on food and medicine.

So—

Players were really too difficult.

Especially for normal players, they really couldn't afford to play this game!

‘ I’m afraid so.’

This was also the reason why the officials had increased the drop rate of coins twice in a row. Not only were ordinary players unable to afford it, even the rich could not afford it.

After all.

Even if you had RMB, they would have to have game currency to sell to you!

With such a low drop rate, who would dare to sell the tiny bit of game currency that they had won?

"I guess only Fate Dimension is so impressive. A monopoly is awesome, a virtual reality game is awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng ridiculed, "If it were any other games, from the God-level nouveau riche, to the middle-level nouveau riche, to the poor, the gaming experience would be so terrible. Wouldn't they have been abandoned long ago?"

This was not an exaggeration.

Even a super tycoon like Qin Luo Sheng, who had the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal as his two great gold-sucking weapons, could not afford the expenses, let alone those ordinary players.

Still.

God-level players had their own difficulties while ordinary players had their own way of survival.

The reason why Qin Luo Sheng spent so much was because he had no choice but to spend tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of gold coins.

Did he really think that Legendary equipment was fake?

A high-grade item of this grade would cost an astronomical figure every time it was repaired. One could even buy a decent Gold-tier equipment with a single trip.

Was it scary?

But what can you do?

Was he not going to repair it?

This was why even if normal players were lucky enough to obtain high-level equipment, they would still sell it 100%.

It wasn't that he didn't want it, but he had no choice!

I can't afford it!

She really couldn't afford to raise him!

Other things aside.

If you can't even gather the most basic repair costs, are you qualified to use it?

‘ Of course.’

Normal players did not spend that much money. After all, equipment was trash, and the repair cost was not much. Eating was the lowest-grade steamed bun, so it did not cost much…

‘ What?’

Pet? Mount? Substitute?

Are you kidding me?

If ordinary players dared to play this game, they probably didn't know how to spell "bankrupt".

He should just carry bricks obediently. Wouldn't it be nice to earn some hard-earned money to buy two kilograms of ribs? Why did he have to seek death and touch those bottomless pits?

After a leisurely meal, nearly half an hour had passed!

To be able to eat so leisurely and elegantly in such a godforsaken place, and not to end the battle quickly, but to chew and swallow slowly, only Qin Luo Sheng, this weirdo, would do such a thing!

There was no digestive system in the game world. It only represented hunger and saturation.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng sat there for a short while out of habit before getting up and moving. Only then did he get on his horse and continue forward.

Another half a day passed.

Qin Luo Sheng himself did not know where he had gone. He raised his head and took a glance at the blood-red Demon Palace. It was still so far away, as if the distance had not closed at all!

"If not for the urgent mission, leveling up here would be pretty good!"

Qin Luo nodded in satisfaction when he opened his stats window and saw that it had already risen to Level 37. "Even though the difference in levels is a little far and there's no bonus experience from killing monsters of a higher level, this is still a place that other players have never set foot in. All of them are Enhanced Elites. Not only are the experience points high, but the drop rate is also not low."

——————

< EMPTY >