Chapter 544: Ancient Battlefield (4)

He was going back to the city.

Qin Luo Sheng received twenty million gold coins from other factions.

"F*ck, these lunatics!"

This was an extremely large order of twenty million gold coins. Even Qin Luo was shocked.

He had to carry bricks for two hours before he was finally done.

On the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

Qin Sheng, who had been unable to move his arms due to the continuous use of the Starlight Miracle, was now completely drained of strength. He lay on the ground like a dead pig, unable to even move his fingers. If not for the heavy panting that sounded like the bellows, he would have thought that it was a corpse!

"I can't take it! I can't take it!"

Even though the profits from this explosion had been maxed out, Qin Luo had almost died.

Without another word.

He went offline!

Originally, he only needed to rest for half an hour or so before he could continue fighting. Now, if he didn't have a good sleep, even if he had Superman's constitution, it would be difficult for him to recover.

Just in time.

It had been a few days, and he had been working hard in the game world. Even with the nutrient serum, it was not a big deal to maintain his body. However, this did not represent the most natural rest for humans. It was not a bad thing to rest and adjust his body to its peak.

With this thought in mind, Qin Sheng dragged his exhausted body out of the gaming capsule and climbed onto the bed in a muddle-headed manner before falling asleep.

"He slept for fourteen hours? Hiss…"

The next day.

Qin Luo, who had woken up from his deep slumber, could not help but gasp when he saw the time.

Damn it.

It was a little fierce!

Am I really that tired?

That made sense.

After a few days of hard work, not sleeping for a day and night was already considered superhuman.

"Forget it, it's already this late, there's no rush."

Lying in bed, she picked up her phone and ordered a luxurious takeout.

After a few days of living on the nutrient solution, he went offline to supervise Nan Nan's meals.

How could she not reward her stomach?

The takeout was finalized, the order was placed, and the money was paid.

She glanced at the delivery time. It was more than an hour.

Understanding.

After all, there were many dishes that needed to be cooked on the spot. This time was already considered fast.

He walked out of the room.

Qin Sheng took out a can of Happy Water of Frozen Fat Otaku from the fridge and gulped it down in one go. Bubbles danced on the tip of his tongue and a cold feeling surged into his stomach. Instantly, his entire person was awake.

After a simple shower, he picked up his tablet and phone and sat on the sofa. He entered the official website of Fate Dimension and checked the major events of the past few days to get more real-time information. Then, he entered VX and hooked up with Su You and Su Ran. He was flirting with girls to release some pressure on himself.

Soon.

The delivery man arrived.

Qin Qin Sheng arranged the meal box and dragged Nan Nan up from the bed in a practiced manner. The two of them wolfed down the food.

"I have something on in the game world these few days. You have to eat obediently!"

After the meal, Qin Sheng stopped Nan Nan, who wanted to return to her room, and said, "Don't sleep late in the day. Don't replace your meal with snacks, and don't drink too much iced coke. If I find out, I'll cut off your snacks."

Nan Nan nodded. Obedient.jpg!

"You have a cell phone too. If you want to eat something, order takeout or go downstairs. After walking for two minutes, you'll reach the food street. There's everything!"

Qin Luo Sheng added, "Also, the gaming capsule has been installed for you. In any case, you sleep all day. Aren't you going to consider playing games? This way, you might not get along with your new friends when school starts!"

"I will consider it!"

Nan Nan acted cute and obedient.jpg!

"Alright!"

Qin Luo had a headache. "Do as you see fit!"

Although he was her guardian, Qin Luo Sheng was not her real parents after all. He did not have the right to make decisions for Nan Nan. Of course, if it was something important, like going to school, he had to be strong. As for playing games, Emma…

Forget it, it would depend on his own wishes!

…

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Summon Xiaoxiao.

Summoning ice.

One gold, one blue, one dragon and one qilin.

Accompanied by Qin Sheng's white light, they appeared in the pitch-black abyss.

"Let's continue. Today, we must kill our way to the entrance of the Demon Palace!"

Riding on Qin Bing, Qin Sheng stared at the blood-red palace not far away as he thought to himself.

Five hours later.

"A Level 38 monster?"

Looking at the Dark Bat lying on the ground, Qin Sheng glanced at the mission panel again and found that the completion rate of the mission had reached 20%.

This also meant that he had already completed the minimum requirement. If he went back now and submitted the mission, he would be able to smoothly advance to the Second Stage Profession. However, the reward would definitely be extreme.

"It's just like Sanguine Primrose's job-changing quest. No, it might even be more ferocious than her quest. The monsters are already Level 38 Three Star Elites before we even reach the official location. How strong are the monsters in the Demon Palace?"

As Qin Qin Sheng thought this, he rode Bing Bing forward.

The Demon Palace was already within reach. It would take at most one or two hours to reach it. At this distance, one could imagine that there were very few monsters behind. There were at most four or five monsters left. Today, they would definitely be able to reach the entrance of the Demon Palace, or even enter and investigate.

"Eh… Strange!"

After running at full speed for more than ten minutes, he did not find any monsters. Qin Sheng was very surprised. "That shouldn't be the case. If it were in the front, this would already be the scope of the two monster zones. Even if the monsters at the back became stronger and the area intersection was very wide, it wouldn't be so wide!"

"Kill, kill, kill…"

Just as Qin Luo was wondering what was going on, he suddenly heard sounds of fierce fighting.

"It's here!"

Qin Luo Sheng, who was worried about not being able to see the monster, was not afraid when he heard this voice. Instead, he became spirited and patted Bing Bing. The highly intelligent Bing Bing understood in a second and dashed towards the source of the sound.

"This is…"

Since he had heard the sound, it must not be too far away. In less than a minute, Bing Bing led Qin Luo to the field in front of him, looking stunned. "Battlefield???"

There were broken weapons everywhere, broken banners everywhere, broken limbs everywhere, blood and bones everywhere…

This was a battlefield!

A real battlefield!

As a lucky boy living in a new era, Qin Sheng had suffered quite a blow.

This was not a battlefield that had appeared on television after being beautified!

It did not appear in novels either. It was just a battlefield in books that lacked sensory impact due to text descriptions!

Instead—

The most direct and realistic battlefield!

The endless mountain of corpses and sea of blood was like a meat grinder filled with smoke. The stench of corpses, stench, decay, and burnt smell mixed together was comparable to biochemical weapons.

"Urgh…"