Chapter 546: The Secret Of The Demon Palace (1)

“— Shadow Escape!”

After putting away the ice, Qin Sheng's body shook and he vanished on the spot. With the help of Shadow Escape, he entered stealth mode.

Not long after.

A few humanoid monsters in black armor were carrying something that looked like a calabash as they ran over.

"What's going on? Why is the dark energy so thin today?"

Placing the gourd down, the several monsters pulled out the stopper, causing a great commotion. Waves of dark energy that remained in space were sucked into the gourd.

However, what was different from the past was that the originally extremely dense power of darkness had become very abnormal today. Just from the color alone, one could tell that the deep black had become a light black. It was obvious that the concentration was not high enough.

"Boss, look!"

At this moment, a quick-witted fellow called out and pointed at the battlefield that Qin Sheng had just swept through. The corpse that was obviously problematic—no, it should be said to be a pile of bones. "There seems to have been a battle here!"

“What?”

The leader of the monsters swept the underling away and squatted down. He looked at the marks on the ground, then at the piles of bones and rusty weapons. His face turned green. "It's indeed the traces of battle, and it was not long after the battle. This is the ancient battlefield. Other than the dark creatures that can slightly weaken the influence, the other creatures will activate the sleeping undead once they enter."

"Boss, what do you mean?"

His lackey asked carefully.

"Idiot!"

The leader glared and said, "Don't you understand? Someone is invading our place!"

"Invasion?"

The subordinate swallowed his saliva and asked in fear, "Are they the dynasty's hunting troops?"

"Idiot!"

Seeing such a weak underling and how stupid he was, the leader expected better from him and slapped him. "It's not like you don't know about our empire. Even if the hunting troops want to take action, the emperors and nobles who only know how to enjoy themselves will do their best to stop them."

"Those rotten guys have long lost the ambition of His Majesty the Great Ancestor and the founding generals. They only want to enjoy themselves and are extremely extravagant. When have they ever cared about other people's lives?"

"Besides, they were scared out of their wits by the Lich. They wanted to protect the capital with all their might. They didn't even care about the other important towns. Why would they waste time and manpower to hunt us down?"

The squad leader had a face full of hatred!

He did not have any respect for the emperor and the aristocrats of his own country.

Obviously.

This was also a persecuted civilian.

Just like the Lich.

Except.

He was luckier than the Undead Lich. He had never experienced such a tragic hell, so his hatred was not obvious enough.

"Boss, I miss home!"

At the mention of the Empire, after a moment of silence, a soldier suddenly said, “I miss my parents. I miss my wife. When I left, she was just pregnant. Now, my son should be more than five years old, right?”

"Cut the crap!"

The leader's eyes dimmed when he saw his subordinates reminiscing about the past. Then, he mustered his courage and shouted, "We are deserters. According to the law, we will be be beheaded in public. Furthermore, we will implicate our family and be exiled for three thousand miles. Are you trying to kill our entire family?"

Everyone was speechless!

"You guys miss home, but I don't?"

The leading general roared loudly, “I’ve made great contributions and am about to be promoted to centurion. Perhaps I’ll even be rewarded with the lowest rank of nobility with my contributions. Even if I don’t make a meteoric rise, I’ll at least let my family live a better life. However, those old fogeys of the empire are enjoying themselves. The military expenditures they’ve given us are getting lesser each time. We can’t even support our family and have to work for them. Why?”

"If not for the Great Kings leading us away, we would have been killed by the brutal Undead Liches. You should know how the 18 cities of the Towering Kingdom fell and how they were resolved after they fell!"

"Wherever that guy went, there was no one alive. Not a single person was spared, not even a chicken or dog. If we had defended the city, it would be a light punishment even if we died now. Now, even if we are neither human nor ghost, at least we are still alive. And before we left, we created the illusion that we were all annihilated. If we die in battle, our family can still get compensation, and we can also have some assurance in life."

After hearing these words, a few of his subordinates who were not mentally stable finally calmed down.

"That's right. The general promised us that he would bring us back to kill. That way, we would be able to see our families!"

"Idiot, don't call me General. Are you afraid that others will know that our Royal Family's Second Army Corps has not been destroyed? Call me King!"

"Father, Mother, Wife, Child, wait for me. I'll be back soon."

"…"

Seeing his subordinates reveal their true feelings, the leader's eyes flickered.

Only these dimwits would believe that.

Go back?

Don't joke around!

Even if they had the strength, could everything return to the past?

They were deserters!

Once he saw the light, he would definitely die.

Besides.

He would also go from being a hero to a coward that everyone despised. He would implicate his family and be consigned to eternal damnation.

Also…

Initially, in order to adapt to this environment that could only be used as a habitat, they did not hesitate to engage in endless slaughter. They slaughtered hundreds of villages, more than ten towns, and three cities in the surroundings. They used the lives and blood of countless compatriots, as well as the resentment born from their tragic deaths, and used evil arts to mutate themselves into dark creatures.

If they stayed in this place where the dark energy was thick, they would be able to live a peaceful life. If they walked out of this place, not to mention returning to the tower kingdom, the thick light outside would be enough to take their lives.

So—

He could forget about leaving the Dark Abyss for the rest of his life.

“But there’s another way…”

The leader thought.

As the general back then, the king now gathered dark energy and dark grudges to use as nutrients to cultivate, he also knew some secrets.

If the kings cultivated to a certain level, they could bring them out of this place.

Except.

Was it really that simple?

Power corrupts the heart.

Enjoy your charming mind.

Without the oppression of the Emperor and the nobles, the former Army Commanders and Generals also followed in their footsteps and became a different kind of "Emperor and Noble".

Only

Soldiers who lived at the bottom would never change. They would always be exploited.

"Sigh, sometimes, ignorance is also a blessing!"

Looking at his subordinates who were still full of anticipation for the future, the leader felt pity for them.

However…

No one knew if he was taking pity on these fools who were constantly cheated, sold out, and still helped to count the money, or if he was taking pity on himself, who could not change the situation even though he knew the truth, changed his own misery, and still pretended to be stupid!