Chapter 545: Special Trigger Hidden Mission: Overdrive The Spirit

"Urgh…"

Qin Luo could not help but throw up.

Even Qin Sheng, who boasted of his endurance and acceptance, could not help but feel his scalp tingle when he saw this scene.

The double impact of his vision and sense of smell, coupled with the stimulation from the feedback to his psyche, was truly unbearable.

After vomiting.

Qin Luo felt much better.

He quickly lowered the sensitivity of his sensory system and got used to it.

"Such strong resentment, such terrifying darkness!"

Qin Sheng, who possessed the Life Force of the Goddess of Life, could naturally sense how terrifying this ancient battlefield was.

This place was filled with darkness and filth!

If one did not have a firm heart, as long as they stepped into it, there was a high chance that they would be corroded and corrupted, destroying their spirit and turning into a walking corpse, becoming a servant of darkness.

Ding… You have discovered a hidden map: Ancient Battlefield of Gods and Demons, Reputation + 500! '

Qin Luo was startled by the system's prompt.

Reputation points of 500 points?

Wasn't this too f*cking awesome?

Killing a Gold Boss of the same level was nothing much, right?

Now.

Just by discovering this place and not stepping in, was it equivalent to killing a Gold Boss?

Ding… detected that you are from the Human Faction. You have received a hidden mission. Do you accept? '

What the heck?

There was actually such a good thing?

Before Qin Sheng could react from the prestige value reward, the system gave him another heavy punch, stunning him.

"Accept, accept!"

Qin Sheng, who had come back to his senses, accepted it without hesitation.

What a joke.

Only a fool would reject a hidden mission that was presented to him!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining triggered hidden mission: Transcend Heroic Spirit! '

He opened the mission panel.

[Mission Title] Excessive Spirit

[Mission Introduction] The Ancient Battlefield of Gods and Demons. It was one of the ancient battlefields where the Human Alliance Army and the Demon Race fought. Countless lives were buried here. Under the corrosion of darkness, they could never rest in peace. Heroic heroes who sacrificed their lives for their race, country, and descendants should not be enslaved by darkness. Please send their spirits to rest in peace.

[Mission Details] Let the spirits of the Human Alliance Army head to the Underworld without any worries.

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

"Transcend?"

Qin Luo's face was full of joy. "I'm good at this. With the Soul Guiding Lamp, I specifically do this. -- This mission is equivalent to picking it up for free. How comfortable!"

They stepped into the battlefield.

A feeling of being bound by a curse came over, causing Qin Sheng to tense up.

Interesting.

Even with the protection of the Medal of Courage, he was immune to the negative effects of mental attacks and the fear and hallucinations caused by resentment.

Still.

It was still effective on the body.

For example, the dark energy and the power of resentment was too dense right now. Moreover, he was in an ancient battlefield that had been nurtured for an unknown period of time, and it had practically transformed into material resentment that filled every single space in this expanse of the heavens and the earth. So long as he stepped foot into it, they would stick close to him like maggots in his bones, and he was utterly unable to escape them.

Kacha! Kacha!

Bing Bing walked past, and even though she consciously tried to avoid it, she was helpless. There were too many broken bones under her feet, and there was no way to avoid them. When she stepped on them, the bones that had been corroded for an unknown period of time could not withstand the pressure and shattered one after another, emitting clear sounds.

Kacha! Kacha!

After taking a few steps, another crisp cracking sound could be heard. However, it was different from the sound of breaking bones. This sound was caused by the friction between bones.

"The demonic creature that has been lying dormant in the darkness has been awakened by the presence of a living being like me?"

Qin Luo carried [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands. He looked at the various skeleton monsters that were like Transformers with their bones continuously reassembling.

"Let me take a look. Yoho, not bad. 38 Enhanced Three Star Elite monster. There are humans, elves, dwarves, and all kinds of beasts…"

He activated the Detection Spell.

Qin Luo Sheng immediately saw the attributes and identities of these skeletons clearly.

Most of them belonged to the races that lived on this continent at that time. Only a very small number of them belonged to the Demon Army on the side of the Demon Race. Perhaps it was because the dark power here was extremely abundant, but these Demon soldiers were much stronger than the skeleton monsters that the alliance army had turned into. They were all small Bosses of black iron or bronze!

"Looks like it's still a question whether I can reach the entrance of the Demon Palace today!"

There was nothing wrong with the distance alone.

But now…

This ancient battlefield was very strange. There were so many ferocious Skeletons on the periphery. Not only were there groups of them, but there were also many small BOSSES mixed in. Everyone's abilities were different and it was very troublesome to kill them. It would take a lot of time.

"However, this is not a problem for me!"

Without any hesitation, Dragon's Might and Death God's Concentration activated the double debuff skill. The attributes of the surrounding Dark Skeletons decreased by 40%, and their health bars decreased by half!

Kill!

They rode up.

Swinging both swords, sword energy whistled!

The Dark Enemy was no joke. It was only a minion to begin with, and it only had 60% of its stats left at its peak. How could it withstand Qin Sheng's attack against a darkness-type monster?

He swept through them.

Three hours later.

Qin Luo Sheng had finally arrived at the rear.

At this place, the skeletons had already reached level 40.

For a level 30 Second Stage Professional Mission, no matter how high the level of the mission was or how strong the monsters were, the level would definitely be limited to level 40 because it could not exceed 10 levels for players.

"Is this the end?"

With a single slash of Qin Luo Sheng's sword, he killed a skeleton monster that was transformed from a general of the Demon Army. This fellow's strength had already reached the standard of an ordinary Gold Boss. There was nothing much to say in a one-on-one battle, but with a group of strengthened three-star elite monsters, as well as the Bronze Boss minions and Silver Boss assistants, he was equivalent to an army. Furthermore, they were well-coordinated and very difficult to deal with.

"Another Gold equipment? Not bad!"

After cleaning up the spoils of war on the ground, it was still a Wasteland Reclaimer after all. The drop rate was quite good, but it was a pity that it was an ancient battlefield that had been decayed for countless years. These were all skeletons, and their bodies were clean and slippery. Besides some bones that had been strengthened by the Dark Force, there were no other materials to collect.

"Hurry, hurry up. The Great Kings are waiting to use it. If we're one step slower, we might not be able to keep our heads if the Great King is unhappy!"

Just as Qin Sheng finished his repairs and was about to continue on his journey, he suddenly heard someone's voice.

Illusion?

It was impossible for any living being to exist in this deathly silent place.

Yet.

With the Medal of Courage, he was immune to negative mental effects. This illusion could not affect him!

"Fighting and killing like this doesn't make sense. As expected, the hidden mission segment has finally arrived?"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed as he looked at the figures that had appeared in the dense darkness. The corners of his lips curled up. "Fine, let me see who exactly you guys that are moving about in the Ancient Battlefield are!—Shadow Escape!"