Chapter 554: Awakening The Magic Ape Form

"Unfortunately, it's too late!"

Within the domain, his body was suppressed. Not to mention the attack that he was able to use afterimages, it had become extremely slow. It might not be like a PowerPoint slideshow, but it was not fast enough. What was even more terrifying was that his movement speed had been restricted. It was as if gravity had doubled, making it difficult for him to move.

However…

Qin Sheng did not care about such a desperate situation.

Because.

His plan had already succeeded, he just had to wait for the fruits of victory.

Rumble…

Lightning danced in the sky.

Under the intentional suppression, the lightning that should have struck earlier was directed but not released. It continued to accumulate energy and increase its power, preparing to achieve its goal in one go.

Now.

Under the effect of the ball of lightning that Xiaoxiao had suddenly spat out, the power of thunder in the dark clouds was ignited. Finally, the thunder rumbled and poured down, targeting Qin Zhuang Sheng who was attacking like a mad dog.

“Power of thunder?”

Thunder was the most masculine of all. Since ancient times, it had been the nemesis of all demons and monsters. Gongsun Zhuang, who had fused with the power of the dark attribute Earth Demon Ape, was naturally terrified. However, the violent him was no longer clear-headed, and he was even more enraged by Qin Sheng's combination of punches. He did not have any thoughts of retreating or hiding.

It was just over!

"Brat, don't underestimate me!"

Gongsun Zhuang roared, black energy swirling around his body as a savage aura rose. The muscles on his muscular body swelled up once more, revealing thick veins that looked like dragons. “Awakening Demonic Ape form!”

In an instant.

Gongsun Zhuang, who was more than three meters tall, expanded rapidly and became more than ten meters tall. His appearance also changed drastically. From a human, he turned into an ape with fangs, black hair, and crimson eyes.

Qin Sheng:…

Had his Health Points dropped below 30%?

No!

No!

This aura was no weaker than Epic.

This was definitely Gongsun Zhuang’s trump card, the Earth Demon Ape Transformation!

Looks like…

It was when his life was threatened that he activated the ultimate ability that should only be awakened at 10% of his health!

Still.

It didn't matter anymore.

'You will certainly die in this strike. No one can save you,' Qin Sheng said.

Rumble…

As the lightning fell, the originally fist-sized columns of lightning became as thick as buckets due to the accumulation of power and the small augmentation. Every single one of them was filled with extreme yang and contained a sense of destruction.

"Zizizi ~ ~ ~ ~”

Facing the bombardment of thunder, the Earth Demon Ape form Gongsun Zhuang’s entire body shook. His originally smooth black fur seemed to have been stimulated by the power of darkness. They stood up one after another, turning into spikes that were like hedgehogs, incomparably sharp.

-10000!

-10000!

-10000!

…

The damage of five digits appeared continuously.

Qin Qin Sheng was flabbergasted.

Gongsun Zhuang roared endlessly.

“This damage, what happened?”

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes.

She still remembered.

Back at the mass grave, he had used the Thunderfall Talisman to deal with a Gold-tier BOSS. Against a level-20 player without any special abilities, the Thunderfall Talisman dealt 10,000 damage.

Now.

After accumulating power and adding a small boost, the damage was still 10,000 points?

Tsk!

What was this?

Was Gongsun Zhuang’s demonic ape form really that ferocious?

"Although there are some discrepancies with the plan, at least it has not deviated from its original course. However, from the moment before, I only needed to 'watch from the sidelines' until now, I still need to add some fire and give a little pressure."

Qin Luo Sheng summoned Bing Bing once again and mounted her. He gripped [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] tightly and was about to step forward when Gongsun Zhuang, who had been struck by lightning all this while, was the first to rebel. "Roar ~ ~ ~ ~ Dali Fist, open for me!"

Darkness energy erupted!

He punched out.

The punch was released and transformed into an Earth Demon Ape. It brazenly charged towards the falling lightning.

Boom…

The clouds exploded and the lightning dissipated.

Qin Qin Sheng was instantly flabbergasted. His mind swayed and he found it hard to control himself.

This was…

What was that?

A single punch had knocked aside the falling lightning, shattered the clouds, and annihilated the thunderclouds?

It was too terrifying!

Was this still a Gold grade boss?

"F*ck you, system!"

Qin Luo Sheng only felt tired.

When.

Even a Gold grade boss was so abnormal?

Could it be…

Were the Demon Palace's eight Demon Kings all so savage?

Was there even a need to play?

This was especially so for the Great Demon King Lin Xiao. To be able to suppress such a ferocious person, there was no doubt about his strength. There was at least a difference of one stage. In other words, his basic form was definitely at the Epic stage, the lowest.

According to the dog system's usual style, the BOSSes in these hidden missions and special missions were all extremely powerful.

It's not too much to upgrade from the Epic stage to the Legendary stage, right?

Domain ability, power of law, it shouldn't be a problem to attack together, right?

Hmm!

Not too much!

No problem!

He he…

Fuck you!

"Brat, I'm going to crush you into meat paste!"

After breaking through the thunderclouds and scattering the thunderclouds at the source, Gongsun Zhuang, who had transformed into the Earth Demon Ape form, was completely demonized. He moved his ten-meter-tall body and crushed down.

This aura!

This suppression!

Qin Qin Sheng found it difficult to breathe.

He looked down at his feet. Not only did the domain not recede, but it had become much more solid. The range had also expanded.

Tsk!

In this situation, movement was restricted and the battle was rather difficult.

It could be said.

If it was fifty-fifty just now, the limit was nine-one.

Gongsun Zhuangjiu, one!

This ridiculous win rate was too realistic!

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng still had an instant kill trump card.

Probing skill!

"Haha… As expected, this Demonic Ape form only increased its strength. That's all!"

Upon seeing the information sent back by the detection spell, Qin Luo could not help but laugh out loud. "If that's the case, you've lost a lot of health points after being struck by the lightning just now. Now that you only have 23% of your health left, what right do you have to be arrogant in front of me?"

“Dragon Soul Impact!”

Limited?

Then he would not take action!

The [Coiling Dragon Water] twin dragon souls released a dazzling light, one red and one blue, representing the dual energies of fire and water. They guided in the air, forming the shape of dragon souls, transforming into dragon forms. They ferociously bombarded the enormous Gongsun Zhuang.

-135,000!

Even though Gongsun Zhuang had already transformed into a demonic ape and his defense had increased exponentially, Qin Sheng's attributes were not weak after the enhancement and he managed to deal over a hundred thousand damage.

In the past, Qin Sheng would have been very unhappy about this bit of harm.

But now, things were different.

He was very satisfied.

Because—

At this moment, Gongsun Zhuang's health points had dropped below 20%!