Chapter 557: Three Demon Kings: Bloodthirsty Bat Sun Qing

He placed the spoils of war into different categories. At the same time, he placed the key to the Demon Palace's Key (Five), which was the key to the Demon King Lin Xiao's residence, in the most conspicuous place. He waited for Qin Luo to retrieve it at any time before closing his backpack.

"What an exciting showdown!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to pack up and continue on his journey, a sinister voice suddenly came from the side, causing his heart to turn cold and his entire body to tense up.

“Who?”

Without any hesitation, Qin Sheng waved his arm. The Coiling Dragon Li Water, which he had yet to put into his backpack, instantly released a sword gleam and slashed towards the source of the sound.

"Tsk! As expected of the fierce person who killed Gongsun. He attacked without even looking. How ruthless!"

The sword aura dissipated, and a monster with a green face, sharp teeth, and a pair of wings on its back revealed itself. No, it should be called a freak.

"Who are you?"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes and could not help but clench the sword in his hand tightly.

This guy.

He could sense an aura similar to Gongsun Zhuang's from this fellow.

"Who am I?"

The strange person laughed. He pointed at Gongsun Zhuang’s corpse and said with a sorrowful expression, “You killed my fifth brother, yet you still ask who I am?”

"One of the Eight Demon Kings?"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly. "How hypocritical. The three demon kings, Sun Qing! We're not the same kind of people to begin with. Just for the sake of mutual benefits, we're both feigning civility and even wishing to kill each other. Why are you acting so hypocritical?"

"Oh, you actually recognized me?"

The third demon king, Sun Qing, glanced at Qin Sheng in surprise. His pupils constricted abruptly before returning to normal. "Looks like you didn't accidentally barge in! Did you come prepared? Tsk tsk ~ How terrifying! Indeed, even the Dark Abyss isn't safe anymore?"

Qin Sheng:…

Did this dog currency specialize in Yin Yang?

It was one thing for a man like him to have a mother, but it could be said that his character was like that.

However…

What was going on?

This couldn't be explained by personality, right?

"Cut the crap. Instead of staying in the Demon Palace, why did you come to this ancient battlefield filled with resentment?"

Qin Luo Sheng raised the Coiling Dragon Li Water in his hand and pointed it at Sun Qing from afar. He said coldly, "It's impossible for you to foresee an uninvited guest like me. In that case, you're definitely here for something else. Could it be that you're the fifth brother that you keep calling 'dear'?"

"As expected of a rising star who can defeat the geniuses of the Gongsun family. His thinking is indeed agile!"

Ignoring Qin Sheng's sarcastic remarks, Sun Qingniang covered her mouth and giggled coquettishly. "That's right, I'm here especially for Fifth Brother!"

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

Big brother.

Please.

Can you speak properly?

If you continue acting like this, I'm going to puke!

“I see.”

Suppressing the urge to vomit, Qin Luo said, "It seems that your Demon Palace is not united. It's really funny. You're a bunch of stray dogs who don't want to band together and work together properly. Instead, there's internal strife and self-destruction. Hehe ~"

"That's right!"

Sun Qing didn’t try to hide anything as he nodded in agreement. “Apart from Prince Lin Xiao, no one else can suppress a group of heavenly geniuses. It’s a pity that ever since the prince went into seclusion, all of you, who were originally able to remain calm and steady, are constantly scheming. I’m so worried!”

“Oh?”

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat surprised. "So the famous great demon king Lin Xiao is actually the heir of the Taling Kingdom? Then, what is the so-called Gongsun family that you speak of?"

"Well, it's not easy to find a handsome little brother. It doesn't matter if I chat with you for a while. It's just as well. It's been a long time since someone chatted with me!"

Ignoring Qin Sheng, who was feeling extremely cold, Sun Qing winked at him and said, "The Gongsun Clan is the number one aristocratic clan in the tower kingdom. Their ancestor was a great general who accompanied the founding emperor to war in the north and south. After the tower kingdom was established, it was even promoted to a great marshal and commanded all the troops in the world. Even now, the Gongsun Clan is still the number one clan in the tower kingdom!"

"I see!"

Qin Luo Sheng was somewhat enlightened. No wonder after killing Gongsun Zhuang, the completion rate of the first stage of [Destroying the Taling Nation] had increased again. He had already completed one of the four targets that should have been completed (killing the aristocrats and royalty, destroying the army and towns). It turned out that Gongsun Zhuang was really a noble of the Taling Nation!

"Not only that!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything, but Sun Qing acted as if he had not spoken to anyone for a long time. As if he had been holding it in, he revealed all the information he had. "The Gongsun Family is not only the number one family in the Tarling Country, but also the number one family in the Tarling Country. Their ancestor had once signed a contract with an ancient divine ape. With the ape clan as the guardian clan, they possess boundless strength and are extremely powerful."

"What's the point of saying all this?"

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

So what if it’s the Gongsun Clan?

Could it scare him?

Besides.

Even if the Gongsun Family knew that he had killed Gongsun Zhuang and was afraid of the battlefield, becoming a deserter’s descendant, bringing shame to their number one sect, shouldn’t they be grateful towards him instead?

"It's very meaningful!"

Sun Qing ‘smiled like a flower’ and said, “Not only is the imperial family rotten, but the aristocracy is also rotten to the core. From roots to branches, from branches to leaves, there isn’t a single good thing. Do you think that in such an environment, the once incomparably glorious first gate can be spared?”

Qin Luo suddenly understood. "You mean?"

“I mean—”

Sun Qing spread out his hands and said, “Do you really think that no one in the tower kingdom knows that we were once the empire’s second most glorious royal clan?”

"This is really interesting!"

Qin Luo could not help but laugh out loud. "It looks like the Taling Kingdom is indeed rotten to the core. To think that they could remain unmoved by the fleeing soldiers and generals of the abandoned city. In other words, the existence of someone who knows everything can even cover up such matters!"

"Yes!"

Sun Qing grinned and said, "Gongsun Zhuang, that is the only direct descendant of the current Gongsun Clan. In order to protect him, the current Gongsun Clan Master, who is also the Grand Marshal of the Taling Kingdom, has kept this matter under wraps. Even the emperor was kept in the dark because of the Gongsun Clan’s sole heir.”

"Tell me, if you kill the Lian Gongsun family and risk the destruction of their family, the thousand-year-old family, and even the risk of going down in infamy for ten thousand years, not hesitating to be extorted by trash like us, what will they do?"

Tsk ~

Qin Luo Sheng smacked his lips in disdain!

"How unfortunate!"

Glancing at Gongsun Zhuang whose corpse had turned cold, Qin Sheng said expressionlessly, "But, so what? It's just a mere Gongsun family. If they dare to cause trouble for me, I'll just destroy them!"