Chapter 556: Super Special Skill [Fist Emperor Scripture] (2)

"Forget it, I can't count on players anymore. Let's see if I can be lucky enough to meet a Grandmaster NPC in the future. I'll pay a price for him to create one!"

Qin Sheng stuffed the blueprint into his backpack and chose to forget it.

As expected, this thing should be buried deeper than any other item he had obtained. It would be hard to see the light of day!

[Earth Demon Ape Core]

Type: Monster Core

Grade: Epic

Effect: Forging, tailoring, etc.

Introduction: A magic nucleus that contains a huge amount of energy. It still contains the aura and energy of a mutated beast, the Earth Demon Ape. It can be used as an energy core to refine weapons!

As expected.

It was indeed a material.

Except.

This Epic stage surprised Qin Sheng.

Yet.

When he thought of Gongsun Zhuang’s Earth Demon Ape stance, he didn’t think too much about it.

To be able to allow humans to obtain such terrifying strength and form, it was well-deserved as an Epic energy source monster core.

Keep it! Keep it!

When he had the time, he would use it!

Not just this guy.

There was still the [Shattered Soul Flame], [Water Venomous Snake], [Millennium Grievance], [Blood Spirit Crystal], and [Dragon God's Scale]. They were all waiting for his favor!

Unfortunately.

He had so many super rare materials, but he was always caught up in trivial matters and could not escape.

This time, after completing the mission, he had to complete it. He had to strengthen the equipment that he could not change for the time being so that he could increase his strength and deal with the final battle.

Fist Emperor Sutra

Type: Sutra

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: A skill book that records an unknown fist technique!

Just this?

What the hell was this introduction about?

The grade did not appear!

The effects did not appear!

What was the use of it? He could reveal a little of it. At least, he had a foundation!

"Although I don't know what's going on, I'll definitely prioritize using my own skills. The more the better!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and could not help but recall the terrifying scene of Gongsun Zhuang executing his fist technique just now. Instantly, his heart heated up. "This thing, could it be Gongsun Zhuang's skill?"

Learn! Learn!

What else was there to say?

A Berserker was just a general term. It did not mean that they could only use swords or weapons.

Other than melee restrictions, there were basically no other restrictions for Berserkers.

With sword, knife, spear, whip…

Even…

Using fists, leg techniques, palm techniques, finger techniques…

Whatever!

Buzz…

Light flowed and the Fist Emperor Sutra entered Qin Luo Sheng's mind. It was as if the memory of him obtaining the inheritance of the art of refining was deeply ingrained in his mind. Every move and stance was filtered over again. In a short period of time, it seemed as if he had been tempered a thousand times. The initial knowledge that should have been extremely unfamiliar had become extremely proficient!

Ding… You have learned the super special skill "Fist Emperor Sutra". You have obtained a special subclass combat class—Fist Emperor! '

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, the proficiency of Fist Emperor Scripture has increased!"

Ding… Your Fist Emperor's current level is Level 1. You have learned the exclusive skill—Sky Quaking Fist! '

"Ding! Your Strength + 500, Constitution + 200. When you attack with your fists, there is a 30% chance of causing serious injuries to the target. Attributes decrease by 10%, 30% chance of causing a knockback effect, and 10% chance of causing a knock-down effect!"

What?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned.

Was this a skill?

Could it be that the miraculous sublimation of starlight had caused the "Fist Emperor Sutra", which was originally just an ordinary skill book, to mutate and become like this?

Isn’t that too fierce?

Was this still considered a skill book?

It was a completely different kind of hidden occupation!

Furthermore!

Not only had he obtained the Fist Emperor, a special sub-attribute combat vocation, but he had also achieved a meteoric rise. It was as if he had received an inheritance that allowed him to instantly transform from a rookie who knew nothing into a combat expert!

"This doesn't make sense at all!"

Qin Qin Sheng mumbled non-stop as if he was dreaming. He had yet to come back to his senses even now.

It was not that his ability to accept it was poor, but everything was too unbelievable.

Initially, it was already unbelievable that the Skill Book could lure out the Fist Emperor, who was able to coexist with the Shadow Warrior and was labeled as a secondary job. Furthermore, this priceless treasure actually came from an existence that was not even an Epic Boss…

???

In the past, he was only joking and teasing Qin Luo. But at this moment, he was truly doubting whether he was the man of the Goddess of Destiny, the son of God!

Isn't this too awesome?

"Why should I care about that? In any case, I'm the one who benefited from it. As for where I came from and whether it's reasonable or not, what does that have to do with me? As long as I'm happy, it's over!"

Since he could not think of anything, Qin Sheng did not think too much about it.

Reasonable?

In this illusory world, gods, dragons, demons, qilins, all sorts of demons and monsters had appeared. No matter how unreasonable things were, they were all reasonable. It was impossible to look at this place with the eyes of reality.

[Sky Quaking Fist] Special Skill: Gather all your strength and activate on a single target, causing 1000% damage. Additionally, there is a 100% serious injury effect, slight damage effect, 100% knockback effect, 80% knock-down effect, 50% knock-up effect! Cooldown: 24 hours! (After using this skill, there will be an hour of power depletion, and the strength will be forcibly reduced to 1 point!)

F*ck!

This skill.

It was a little impressive!

As the only skill currently comprehended by the Fist Emperor, Qin Sheng was naturally looking forward to it.

Except.

Unexpectedly.

This skill greatly exceeded his expectations.

Ten times damage, a series of special effects, absolutely terrifying.

Unfortunately.

There were serious flaws.

Exhausted.

This was much more terrifying than the Heaven-Splitting Slash and Dragon-Burning Death.

Weakness would only decrease all attributes to 10%. In a depleted state, the strength would be forcefully reduced to 1 point!

For a warrior, the most important thing was strength. One point of strength was equivalent to becoming trash.

"I'm satisfied! I'm satisfied!"

To obtain the title of Fist Emperor, this was already a worthwhile trip.

Yet.

This was just the beginning. Out of the eight great demon kings, only one was going. There were still seven that were waiting for his ‘fortune’. If they were all of Gongsun Zhuang’s high quality, then the rewards would be unimaginable.

"These are the loot collected. Let's see what dropped?"

He opened his backpack and scanned the loot that he had just stored inside.

Of the six pieces of equipment, four were gold, and two were silver.

Other than that, there were also some crystal coins, Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals.

Qin Luo was overjoyed by the sight of three Intermediate Strengthening Stones and one Advanced Strengthening Stone.

Now, even for a long period of time in the future, even if it did not change, Augmenting Gems were hard currency and were extremely valuable. Especially for high-grade Augmenting Gems, under the circumstances that the production was very small, their value would definitely not be low.

"I don't know if I'm lucky or unlucky. The Demon King of the Demon Palace, one of the eight big bosses, is actually all common goods. He doesn't even have any skill books, scrolls, or formulas."

Qin Luo Sheng tossed the high-quality Augmenting Gems that he had gotten a good feel with his hands and said with a sigh, "However, there are three supreme-grade items that I've collected. I won't say anything else. Brother Gongsun is just being generous."