Chapter 555: Super Special Skill [Fist Emperor Scripture] (1)

"What can you do to me?"

Gongsun Zhuang, who had been forced back a few steps by the immense force of the dragon soul's attack, slapped away the charred remains of the fire and ice energy on his chest. The pain and damage caused the crimson glow in his eyes to intensify, and his aura became even more savage and ruthless.

"Small tricks, huh? As expected of the Earth Demon Ape. Once you enter the state, I will be the greatest in the world. Not to mention a human like me, even a god standing in front of me would dare to punch it."

As he watched Qin Luo get closer to Gongsun Zhuang, he remained as steady as Mount Tai and was still in the mood to tease him.

“Fist Emperor Profound, Heaven Quaking Fist!”

The muscles all over Gongsun Zhuang’s body were bulging, especially when he raised his right arm, which was currently accumulating strength. The bulging biceps on his right arm were like a small mountain, and the veins of horned dragons were densely covered on them, causing Qin Sheng, who had already been locked onto, to feel somewhat terrified even though he was confident that victory was within his grasp.

"Dragon Might!"

-2,40000!

The blood of the True Dragon boiled.

Qin Sheng, who had been intimidated by Gongsun Zhuang's terrifying punch, finally did not lose his composure for too long. He came to his senses at the final stage and hurriedly executed his skill.

This was the last trump card that he had kept.

Forced deprivation of 20% of all attributes!

Including—Health Points!

Now that Gongsun Zhuang only had 13% of his health left at his peak, how could he withstand this sudden attack?

Young people did not care about morals!

Boom…

The strong wind brushed against his face as a terrifying fist force burst forth. It was like a strong wind of the eighth rank (comical), blowing so hard that Qin Sheng's hair and cloak fluttered wildly, almost blowing his body away. Fortunately, he was riding on Bing Bing, the divine beast of the Qilin bloodline, and the king of the beasts, standing firmly on the ground so as to not embarrass himself.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Gold Boss: Five Demon Kings—Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang, EXP + 650W, Reputation + 2,000! '

"This guy!"

The system's prompt sounded beside his ear. However, Qin Sheng was not in the mood to listen at all. He stared at the huge fist that was only a meter away from him and swallowed hard. His forehead was dripping with cold sweat.

Just a little bit more!

If he had been a moment later, the fist would have landed on him.

Even though he had the ability to revive, it did not matter if he was killed instantly. However, he was not a masochist. This earth-shattering punch would definitely cause maximum damage. The pain it brought was also unimaginable. Who would want to suffer if they could not?

Bang…

Gongsun Zhuang’s enormous body fell to the ground. In the end, Gongsun Zhuang had suffered a loss in terms of cultivation level. First, he had been stripped of 20% of all his attributes by the Death God’s Gaze, and then he had been stripped of 20% of all his attributes by the dragon’s might, causing him to be unable to unleash his full strength. He had died on the spot. How tragic was that?

"That was close!"

Wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, Qin Sheng felt a lingering fear as he looked at the corpse of Gongsun Zhuang, who had degenerated into a human form from the Earth Demon Ape form.

Previously, when he saw Gongsun Zhuang's attributes, he thought that the difficulty of this mission wasn't too high. Even if it wasn't easy, it wouldn't be that difficult.

But now…

Qin Luo Sheng was scared!

It changed his overly idealistic thoughts.

His realm was not high, but his strength was exceptional.

He was an expert to begin with. After abandoning everything and escaping into the darkness and absorbing the powers of strange beasts or rare treasures, the eight Demon Kings of the Demon Palace were definitely top-notch experts. Every single one of them was easy to deal with.

If he still had a sloppy attitude, if he didn't change his attitude, he would be considered to have suffered a minor setback.

This battle.

Qin Sheng was jolted awake once again. He once again felt that the true strength of a true powerhouse was far beyond what a weakling like him who relied on external forces to accumulate attributes could compare to.

Be it combat experience or combat talent!

Whether it was the power of the skill or the explosive power!

Or…

A higher level domain, a more terrifying law.

It was far from something a rookie like him could ignore. Even if he was at his peak, he was truly very powerful.

"Looks like I have to slow down!"

Quest silently picked up the loot dropped by Gongsun Zhuang and kept it in his backpack. Then, he thought to himself, "Fortunately, I saved a lot of time when I was clearing the trash. I can save this time to attack the Boss. I won't be in such a hurry."

He had used up three days of his ten-day mission. It was now the fourth day.

The original plan was to solve the problem in six to seven days. The remaining three to four days were to prepare for the final battle with Long Yuan.

Now it seemed.

He would need another day to two days to attack the Demon Palace.

Nothing else.

Gongsun Zhuang’s battle power truly frightened him.

The Eight Demon Kings were all at this level. It was truly terrifying.

There is no need to compromise in other ways in order to save time, which will ultimately lead to a decline in odds.

"Forget it, I'll see how it goes in the future!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng got down from Bingbing's back and squatted in front of Gongsun Zhuang's corpse. "There's not much information, there's no way to formulate an effective strategy. We can only counter every move, so don't mess up now!"

Ding… congratulations on collecting unknown blueprints * 1!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Earth Demon Ape core * 1.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Fist Emperor Sutra * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

30%.

Qin Qin Sheng obtained three props.

A blueprint!

A monster core!

A skill book!

F*ck!

So efficient?

No!

It should be said that it was of such a high quality?

What kind of immortal items were these?

In the past, didn't he just casually buy some materials?

Looks like…

This Demon King was indeed a Demon King. Not only did it mean that he was powerful, it also meant that he had treasures on him!

How exciting!

[Unknown blueprint]

Type: Blueprint

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: One-time consumable blueprint. It records the forging of a tool! (Requires Grandmaster Forging Skill)

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Grandmaster Forging Technique?

WDNMD!

Are you kidding me?

Currently, the first few players had just entered the intermediate stage and were still a long way from advanced.

After Advanced was Master, then Grandmaster.

Besides.

If a high-level martial artist wanted to be promoted to a Master, it was like a gold becoming an epic. It was not just a leap in grade, but also a leap in grade. It was like a martial arts master becoming a cultivator.

"When the f*ck will this be used?"

Qin Luo was rendered speechless.

He did not expect that a Gold Boss would be able to gather such a blueprint. It did not match at all!

The blueprints needed for a Grandmaster subclass should only be available at the legendary level, right?