Chapter 551: Five Demon Kings: Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang

"Interesting. The backstage is here. Are you guys getting restless again?"

Qin Luo could see the expressions on the faces of the Hummers.

If they could, who would want to die?

It was just that they had no choice just now. They could not defeat him, and their lifelines were tightly grasped. As long as they still had family in their hearts, they would be cautious and not dare to act rashly.

However…

The situation was different now.

One of the Eight Demon Kings that had given them the greatest terror, and it was the leader of the personal guards who had once commanded them. The Five Demon King Gongsun Zhuang, who was the closest to them and had the most direct understanding of their strength, had already arrived.

"If I kill this man, perhaps…"

He could not stop himself from thinking about it.

Other than the leader of the small BOSS, the rest of the players had already moved. They stopped kneeling and stood up.

"Still chose to turn back? What a pity—"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head expressionlessly. There was no joy or sorrow on his face as he looked at the dauntless soldiers who had picked up their sabers once more. He turned to look at the little BOSS who had yet to move and was still kneeling. He asked indifferently, "Your backer is here. Aren't you going to stand up with them to welcome the reinforcements?"

"That's right, Boss. The Five Kings are here. Do we still need to be afraid of this kid?"

"The Five Kings are the regiment commanders of the personal guards of the Army Commander. Our Big Boss was so strong back then. Isn't it easy to capture a little brat?"

"Boss, stand up. Otherwise, if the five kings see us and know that we sold information about the Demon Palace, it will be over."

"Don't kneel anymore. The Five Kings are here. Isn't this little brat going to be crushed to death with one hand?"

"…"

Seeing that the five demon kings were getting closer, the group of valiant warriors became anxious.

How the f*ck could he explain his boss kneeling in front of the enemy?

With the cruel nature of the Eight Demon Kings after they had transformed into demons, they would rather kill the wrong person than let them off. Perhaps they wouldn't even give them a chance to explain themselves and would just kill them directly. How could they not be anxious?

“I kneel, not to you, but to the sins of my past—”

Yet.

Regardless of whether it was Qin Sheng's mocking or the shouts of the brave soldiers, the little BOSS remained unmoved. He continued kneeling there and said in an aged and exhausted voice, "— I'm tired!"

Everyone fell silent.

The brave soldiers who were still making noise just now also lowered their heads.

Who wouldn't be tired?

She had a home that she could not return to. Every day, she was tortured by her heart. In this dark and gloomy place, she was struggling at death's door, getting worse by the day. She missed her hometown, missed her home, missed her home…

All of them were constantly destroying their already battered hearts…

"Perhaps this is an opportunity—"

The little BOSS continued, "You might be able to break through this eternal pain and torture, allowing us to be free. Regardless of whether you can clear the Demon Palace and kill all of us who should have died, at least from today onwards, the Demon Palace should no longer exist."

"Oh?" Qin Sheng raised his brows and asked with interest, "How so?"

“Earlier, you said that you’ve been ordered to come here and that you’ve also revealed our identities. Since that’s the case, I presume that our matter has already been exposed.”

The little BOSS replied, "Even if you are not a match for them, how can a mere Demon Palace stop the human army from crushing us? Based on what we have done, we have already mutated into monsters. Those hidden sects and the Temple of Destiny will never let us off."

"Instead of continuing to be tortured, it's better to just die now and be free. At least, we can take a gamble and bet that you will keep your promise. If that happens, those of us who deserve to die will die, and our family will still have a chance to survive and not be settled."

"Heh…" Qin Sheng could not help but laugh as he looked at the man kneeling on the ground. His eyes shone brightly. "You sure have a clear view. Your brain is indeed sharp. No wonder you could become the trusted aide of that so-called Great Demon King Lin Xiao… Don't worry, I don't have many merits, but I will still keep my promise."

"Thank you for your magnanimity!"

The little BOSS buried his head in his chest and thanked him sincerely. He moved his hand and placed the broadsword on his neck. With a light stroke…

Blood sprayed towards the surroundings.

He—

Suicide!

"Boss…"

The players' eyes turned red. Most of them followed the little BOSS without hesitation and slit their necks.

"It seems like he is also a genius of his generation. To be able to make people follow him through life and death, he has such charisma. If not for following the wrong person and taking the wrong path, he might have become a hero of humanity in the future. Unfortunately…"

Qin Sheng shook his head as he looked at the corpses that had lost all signs of life.

"Have we arrived? Perfect! Let me see what level the Demon King's Demon King is at!"

He didn't even look at the remaining few cowardly soldiers. These minions were destined to die. They didn't have the qualifications to make him focus on them.

In comparison.

At this moment, Qin Sheng was only interested in the five demon kings who were already infinitely close.

"Who is it? Who dares to behave atrociously in my Demon Palace!"

Before the person arrived, the voice arrived first.

A furious roar that was filled with violence resounded through the heavens and the earth, causing Qin Sheng's eardrums to ring.

Accompanied by a roar, a tall and sturdy figure dashed over. That overbearing aura was like that of a primordial beast, making one's heart palpitate.

Probing skill!

[Five Demon Kings—Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 38,000

Physical Attack: 12,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 8000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 2800

Skills:???

Introduction: Five Demon Kings—Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang. Originally, it was the commander of Lin Xiao's personal troops under the command of the commander of Mufeng Army, Lin Xiao, who was defending the Taling Kingdom. Due to the influence of the Undead Lich, who destroyed 17 cities in a row, it fled in fear. In order to cover up the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of its escape route, it slaughtered countless villages and towns before finally escaping into the Dark Abyss Domain. It devoured the power of the Earth Demon Ape and obtained the terrifying power to split open mountains and crack rocks. It guarded the Demon Palace's mudstone area and guarded the gate of the Demon King Lin Xiao!

“That’s it?”

Qin Luo caught sight of the attributes of the Five Demons King, Gongsun Zhuang, and he instantly laughed disdainfully.

This attribute was even worse than the level 35 Ice Crystal Succubus that guarded the Ice Snow Temple.

Looks like…

These so-called eight great demon kings were nothing more than this.

"Kirin?"

Qin Luo Sheng, who was incompatible with the deathly stillness of the ancient battlefield, was naturally noticed by Gongsun Zhuang at the first moment. The "petite" Qin Sheng was nothing much, but his entire body was a deep blue, and his appearance resembled that of a Qilin's ice. It was hard not to notice him.