Chapter 552: Fist Emperor Domain

"May I ask who you are?"

Gongsun Zhuang originally thought that it was just a fly, but he never imagined that the mount was actually the legendary divine beast, the Kirin. His heart immediately tightened.

He was once in a high position and had access to many secrets. Naturally, he knew more secrets than his minions.

For example.

The legendary Qilin might have hidden its traces, but it would still appear in the human world from time to time. Other than the wild Qilin, a large portion of them would appear together with "people". These "people" were either direct descendants of hidden family clans, direct disciples of hidden sects, or the holy sons and daughters of some great sects…

And these people…

Without exception.

He couldn't afford to offend any of them, and neither could his Demon Palace.

“You don’t have to fake your probing.”

Although Qin Luo Sheng did not know exactly what Gongsun Zhuang was thinking, he could still guess a thing or two. If it was any other time, Qin Luo Sheng would still try to deal with him. But now, he was completely disinterested.

How could such a weakling be worthy?

A piece of trash that could be crushed by brute strength was not worth his time.

As for asking for information?

No thanks.

He had no interest in knowing how they were.

After the little BOSS, who had already committed suicide, revealed the information about the Demon Palace in full detail, Qin Sheng no longer cared.

The formation of the Demon Palace, the reason for the betrayal, the mental journey of the eight Demon Kings…

He he…

Who cares!

Betrayal is betrayal. No excuses.

Besides.

Not only did these fellows betray him, they even slaughtered their way through and caused a bloody storm. It was all to cover up the shameful fact that they were deserters.

A bunch of beasts had a reason to exist?

Qin Luo—

He must kill!

"It's useless to say anything more!"

Qin Luo shook [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and drew out a sword flower. He said to Gongsun Zhuang in an extremely arrogant manner, "Come forward and accept your death!"

"How arrogant, brat!"

He was originally a Berserker, and his natural disposition was to fight. When Gongsun Zhuang was on the battlefield, he had a nickname called “Blood Slaughter”. After fusing with the Earth Demon Ape, his personality became even more violent.

Now.

Being looked down upon so much by Qin Sheng, the calmness that was forced upon him by the divine beast Qilin was instantly suppressed by the flames of rage.

His entire body collapsed, and his muscles expanded. From a height of about two meters, he swelled to more than three meters. Furthermore, his body grew larger, making him look like a mass of walking muscles.

Qin Luo, who was ten meters away, could not help but feel shocked by the explosive power brought about by the powerful physical body. This extremely savage aura was truly terrifying.

As expected of the Demon Palace's Five Demon Kings, they were quite capable.

Indeed.

A true expert could not be judged by the attribute panel.

"Run, the Five Kings are going to get angry!"

Qin Qin Sheng and Gongsun Zhuang had yet to make a move, but those brave soldiers had already started running.

They knew how brutal Gongsun Zhuang was after fusing with the Earth Demon Ape. If he got angry, he wouldn’t even recognize his own family. Other than the great demon king Lin Xiao, who could suppress him, the others, even the companions of the demon king, couldn’t do anything to him.

If even the Infernal King couldn't do it, then what were these minions?

If he were to run any slower, he would be caught and torn to shreds with his most fearsome brute force.

Roar!

A violent roar suddenly rang out. Gongsun Zhuang’s initial will fused with the Earth Demon Ape’s, and he transformed into a violent Demonic Ape. He crazily beat his muscular chest a few times, and then his figure suddenly rose up. He displayed a speed that was completely incompatible with his body, and caught up to the few fleeing warriors. With one hand, he either tore off their heads, twisted them into fried dough, or tore them in half. He also used a waist chop to neatly separate their upper and lower bodies…

It was extremely terrifying!

Extremely brutal!

It was extremely bloody!

Even Qin Sheng could not help but shiver in fear.

Even though those cowards who were afraid of death weren’t like those brave warriors who had committed suicide before, their deaths weren’t worthy of pity. He wouldn’t be moved in the slightest by their deaths, but this slaughter had indirectly allowed him to understand how terrifying Gongsun Zhuang was!

His physical body was extremely powerful. Not only did he possess a powerful attacking method, he also possessed a speed and defense that he was unfamiliar with. As such, it was likely that his physical body was not weak either.

"Is this guy the same as Ice Crystal Knight?"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

Gongsun Zhuang reminded him of the Ice Crystal Knight he met in the Ice Shrine.

That's right.

It was that Ice Crystal Knight with extremely terrifying battle awareness and battle experience that strengthened the strength of the Silver Boss. He dragged him along and fought back and forth, unable to gain any advantage.

"If that's the case, it's really troublesome!"

Qin Luo frowned deeply.

Gongsun Zhuang was much stronger than Ice Crystal Knight.

Not only was it a Gold-tier Boss, but it had also fused with the mutated Earth Demon Ape, so its trump card was definitely not weak.

"Forget it, let's fight first!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth as he looked at Gongsun Zhuang, who had already dealt with the deserters, turning around and charging towards him. That incomparably savage wild beast aura was extremely impactful even from such a distance.

Drugs!

Charms!

Double arrangements!

Following that…

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

With a simple augmentation of five augmentation skills, Gongsun Zhuang, who was rushing over, had already charged towards his face.

"Remove your mount!"

To deal with the laughingstock, he could use the mount battle, but to deal with the agile BOSS, with his three-legged cat-like riding skills, riding a mount battle was simply asking for trouble.

"Little brat, take my punch!"

Gongsun Zhuang, who had already entered an excited state, was a complete madman in battle. He did not care if Bing Bing was there or not. In any case, he locked onto Qin Luo Sheng and threw a punch.

"So powerful!"

With a punch, a sonic boom sounded.

Before the fist had even arrived, the violent wind from the fist had already blown Qin Sheng's cheek, causing it to hurt as if it was about to be cut.

Swoosh…

Fortunately, although Gongsun Zhuang’s fist was strong, it was not as strong as Max’s. The wind pressure from his fist made it so that he could not even move. With his enhanced speed, he easily dodged it.

"The speed is not bad, but—it is useless. You have entered my Fist Emperor domain. There is only one ending—"

Qin Luo’s shadow-like speed surprised Gongsun Zhuang, who had missed his punch. However, it was only an accident. The brutality on his face didn’t diminish in the slightest, nor did his confidence fade in the slightest. He coldly said, "Beat him to death!”

"Don't be too arrogant, bastard!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was very ugly.

How dare a Gold-tier BOSS who was not even an Epic be so arrogant in front of me?

MLGBD!

I have killed more than one Epic, and the gold almost exceeded three digits.

Are you trying to act cool with me?

"Fist Emperor Domain!"