Chapter 559: Greedy Demon Envoy, Soul Fusion (1)

"Hahaha… That's right, that's it. That's the energy!"

Sun Qing laughed maniacally.

Gongsun Zhuang’s corpse had been swallowed by him. The gourd that the little BOSS and the group of monsters had brought had been shattered. The large amount of dark energy collected inside had been absorbed by him…

The most terrifying thing was that as he moved, the sky and earth instantly darkened. The entire ancient battlefield seemed to come alive at this moment. Black mist appeared on the corpses of the demon soldiers, demon generals, demon beasts, and other corpses that emitted dense resentment, and they were all swallowed by Sun Qing.

“What the hell are you doing?”

Qin Luo Sheng was both shocked and furious as he watched Sun Qing's body expand continuously. In a short period of time, he had already grown to a terrifying height of more than ten meters and his wingspan was tens of meters. His entire body could not help but tremble.

"To do what? Naturally—evolve into a god!"

Sun Qing's arrogant voice resounded through heaven and earth. "Brat, rejoice. You are the only witness to the birth of a god!"

WDNMD!

You want to kill me and you want me to feel lucky?

Was she stupid?

"Oh, this power is amazing!"

Very quickly, Sun Qing, who was devouring energy like a whale swallowing a cow, had swelled to the size of a monster in Ultraman. That height, that posture, that might, it almost scared Qin Sheng to the point of peeing his pants.

Probing skill!

[Third Demon King—Bloodthirsty Bat Sun Qing (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 500000

Physical Attack: 85000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 25,000

Speed: 7000

Skills:???

Introduction: The Three Demon Kings—Bloodthirsty Bat Sun Qing. Originally, he was the second-ranked general under the command of General Lin Xiao, the commander of Mufeng City, who was stationed in the Paleolithic Kingdom. Due to the influence of the Undead Lich, who destroyed seventeen cities in a row, he ran away in fear. In order to cover up the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of his escape route, he slaughtered countless villages and cities. Finally, he escaped into the Dark Abyss and devoured the power of the Bloodthirsty Bat. He obtained the special ability of the Bloodthirsty Ji Energy and guarded the Demon Palace Blood Pool District. There was an ocean of blood inside that was formed by the blood of countless living creatures. It was filled with endless resentment!

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

Just a moment ago, it was only Gold Strengthening, but now it became Epic?

Besides.

Wasn't this attribute a little too abnormal?

You have to know.

He had met a real god in the Ice Shrine, the Snow Goddess (Evil). It was not much different, right?

Especially his speed, which was as high as 7,000 points. This was the first time that Qin Sheng had met someone who was faster than him!

"This scamming mission is really tough!"

Qin Luo Sheng drew in a breath of cold air as his expression turned extremely grave. "Fortunately, you were stalling for time just now in preparation to evolve. Am I not stalling for time as well? Thanks to you, not only do I know a lot of secret information, but I've also recovered the skill that caused Gongsun Zhuang to fall into CD."

"Brat, become my first sacrifice after obtaining the mighty power!"

Sun Qing flapped his bat wings and flew in the air like a demon god descending to the world. The might that swept down caused the entire ancient battlefield to tremble. It was extremely terrifying.

"You want to use me as a sacrifice?"

Qin Luo sneered. "Monster, have you f*cking grown your teeth?"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

“Undying Battle Will!”

“Blood Seething!”

“Dragon Blood Burning Death!”

"Sirius!"

"Jade Bone!"

“Feng Xing!”

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

The light flickered wildly.

Qin Sheng did not dare to hold back when facing a real Epic-ranked Boss, and it was his home ground at that. He even used an augmentation skill like Dragon Blood Burnt that required three days of weakness.

“Exactly who are you?”

His abilities had evolved and his grade had evolved. Naturally, he had become more sensitive to energy as well. Which of Qin Sheng's abilities were not earth-shattering?

The undying battle intent soared, the Dragon Blood Burning Death’s dragon might surged, the Skywolf’s Greedy Wolf phantom, Jade Bone’s Ice Body, Leopard Divine Leopard phantom, and the most terrifying nemesis to Sun Qing: Sacred Flame!

"Come, little bat, let's see who's the f*cking sacrifice!"

Qin Qin Sheng hooked his finger at Sun Qing in a provocative manner.

Sun Qing:…

Although he wanted to retort, Qin Luo's body was filled with terrifying energy at that moment, causing him to fall silent.

Yet.

Sun Qing was silent, but Qin Sheng did not.

With the limited time boost, in order to maintain his absolute advantage, his speed enhancement skills were not only his trump card, but also the confusing [Shadow Clone], which he had yet to use. All the other skills were sent out in full force to suppress this fellow, making it impossible for him to win or escape. How could he waste them?

“Strong Berserk Potion!”

"Strong Steel Medicine!"

“Potential Potion!”

“Strong Gale Pellet!”

"Powerful Water Demon Pill!"

Qin Sheng's strength increased by yet another level after he swallowed five pills in succession.

Again.

"Potential Talisman!"

"Strength Talisman!"

"Strong Gale Talisman!"

"Strong Water Talisman!"

"Powerful Flight Talisman!"

Qin Sheng, who had gotten five talismans from Zhang Daoming, pasted them on his body and instantly took effect. Among them, Potential Talismans and Flight Talismans were purchased with a huge sum of money. Furthermore, the [Basic Talisman Encyclopedia] did not record that he could not refine them. He could only purchase them from Zhang Daoming and use one less talisman.

Except.

At this moment.

In order to eliminate Sun Qing whose aura was still rising, they had no choice but to go all out.

He could think of a way to buy more talismans if he ran out of them, but if he lost his life, it would be a huge loss.

“Powerful Lightningfall Talisman!”

“Powerful Five Elements Thunder Symbol!”

“Powerful Demon Slayer Talisman!”

"Powerful Diamond Seal!"

"Powerful Exorcism Talisman!"

Since he was here, he had to use his external equipment.

Since he had already started squandering, Qin Sheng decided to be generous for once. He would use props to deal some damage and test the waters first.

In an instant.

Thunder rumbled and yin and yang energies soared into the sky. There were also Buddhas chanting scriptures and Daoists exorcising devils…

All of them charged towards the massive Sun Qing.

-50000!

-28,000!

-30000!

…

The unending damage floated above Sun Qing's head.

Before he could even begin, Sun Qing was already struck by an external force from the "local tyrant". He was immediately dumbfounded and gnashed his teeth in anger. "Brat, you're actually the descendant of Mount Longhu?"