Chapter 558: Evil Bat, Devouring The Power Of Law

Clap clap clap…

A round of applause sounded.

“Truly domineering beyond compare! No wonder he dared to venture into the Dark Abyss alone, and even managed to subdue a kirin divine beast as a mount. He is truly a young heroic talent, a proud son of heaven!”

Sun Qing said flirtatiously, "I like it!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

This transvestite!

I can't fucking take it anymore!

Damn it.

Could this fellow be Gongsun Zhuang’s lover?

Because I killed Gongsun Zhuang and killed his lover, the target was me?

Eh?

This was too disgusting!

"Let's talk about it. What is your purpose here?"

Originally, there was the resentment and hatred of the Undead Lich, which led to the final quest—[Annihilation of the Tarling Nation]. Sooner or later, Qin Luosheng would have to face it. Before this, Qin Luosheng was still hesitating. After all, the implications of destroying a country were too great. Even if it was only a small country, it was still a human. Putting everything else aside, just his conscience and morals alone were not enough.

But now…

Upon hearing Sun Qing's words, Qin Sheng no longer felt so conflicted.

The country was so rotten. The tragedy of the undead lich must have happened more than once. Even without him, there would come a day when the oppressed “undead lich” would awaken and stand up to overthrow the tyranny of the royal family and the decaying aristocracy to re-establish order, just as the founding emperor of the Tower Kingdom had done. This cycle repeated itself.

The flames of war could incinerate everything, let alone a mere Gongsun Clan!

"What a heartless man! When he asked for information, he was so gentle. When he got the information, he was so cold and heartless. It made me sad!"

Sun Qing's face was full of grief. He pretended to be "pitiful", which was nauseating.

"Stop putting on an act for me here! You're the Demon Palace's Three Demon Kings, second only to the Great Demon King Lin Xiao and his lover. Even a prodigy like Gongsun Zhuang is beneath you. Do you think I'll believe your cheap tricks?"

Qin Luo Sheng remained unmoved as he watched Sun Qing's performance with a sneer on his face. "In fact, even Lin Xiao did not see through you in the entire Demon Palace. Otherwise, you would not have followed Gongsun Zhuang out of the Demon Palace and hid quite well!"

"Ah, your eyes are really sharp!"

Since he had already torn off his disguise, Sun Qing's expression instantly changed. He did not put on any pretenses and his expression turned vicious. "As expected, you're an unpopular little brat! However, you can only be stubborn now. After so much nonsense and time, it's almost done. Forget it, seeing that you're worthy of me chatting to relieve boredom, let me give you your last lesson in life—"

"When you treat others as fools, you are the fool. There is no such thing as a free lunch in this world. If you are not your parents, no one would sacrifice for you for no reason. To obtain information from me, you don't need to spend much effort to find out the secret. You came quite comfortably, right? Unfortunately, you have to pay a price for this."

"Oh?" Qin Sheng did not even lift his eyelids. He asked with a faint smile, "I wonder, what's the price?"

"Ah, Little Brother, you're quite good-looking. I personally like you." Sun Qing smiled and said, "Since that's the case, I'll let you accompany me for a while!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body shuddered as the smile on his face froze.

What was this bastard talking about?

Tsk!

‘ If you were a drop-dead gorgeous, I’d be honored to say that. You might even agree.’

However…

You are a rough man. No, it should be said that you are a monster with a green face, sharp teeth, a wretched face, and looks similar to a bat. Aren't you shabby?

"Looks like you've misunderstood!"

Sun Qing had seen such a strange look many times. There was nothing he could do about it. Who asked him to be like that? Who didn't suspect his sexual orientation?

“If you kill Gongsun Zhuang, this fellow will still be useful! Right now, our Demonic Palace’s wings haven’t fully grown yet, so we still need the Gongsun Family’s old family head to help us deceive the world.”

Qin Luo Sheng pouted.

Who are you trying to scare?

The Demon Palace had yet to mature?

I think it's because you're still young, right?

"How frustrating! It's reasonable for you to help solve the trouble you caused, right?"

Sun Qing rubbed his head and said with a distressed expression, "Gongsun died in your hands, but you were made into a puppet to replace him and complete his unfinished mission. This shouldn't be too difficult for you, right?"

"To be honest, it's quite difficult!"

Qin Luo touched his chin and said with a radiant smile, "I have another solution here that can resolve this matter. What do you think?"

"Oh? Is there another way?"

Sun Qing narrowed his eyes slightly, his two bat-like teeth shining with a bloodthirsty light. "That's great. Come, come, come, come. Little brother, tell me, what good ideas do you have?"

"It's very simple!"

Qin Luo Sheng gently flicked the edge of the Coiling Dragon Li Water. In an instant, the dragon soul vibrated and the sword edge hummed. An extremely strong battle intent rose. "Aren't you troubled now that I've asked you to accompany Gongsun Zhuang? I've always been a generous person. Since you've told me so much information, I've been very obedient. I'll make an exception this time. I won't charge you for your hard work. What do you think?"

Strange?

Who wouldn't?

How dare you show off in front of me, the top keyboard warrior. Don't you know that Zuan people are all masters in terms of sarcasm?

"Brat, you're really bold!"

After being mocked, Sun Qing smiled instead of being angry. His bat-like eyes suddenly flickered and were filled with sinister blood vessels. "In all these years, I have seen many geniuses. I have to say that you are the most outstanding one."

"In terms of strength, you are not the strongest, but you do not have the arrogance of those geniuses. Instead, you are very cautious. You look arrogant, but in reality, this is just your disguise, right? Also, your vision is very unique. Or rather, your senses are very sharp."

Qin Qin Sheng was secretly on guard.

“You’re right. I hid it very deeply. My disguise was something that even Prince Lin Xiao couldn’t see through for decades. But now, you’ve seen through it with a single glance. Tsk tsk ~ ~ ~”

Sun Qing said ruthlessly, "I won't let a genius like you, who is blessed by the heavens, grow up. Today, let me kill you here. It just so happens that my plan has begun to be carried out. I'll let you witness the birth of a new god before you die!"

The birth of a god?

Qin Luo Sheng laughed disdainfully.

This guy.

How arrogant!

Who gave him the courage to think that he was a god?

Liang Jingru?

"Bloodthirsty Bat, devour!"

With a furious roar, Sun Qing's body transformed from a half human half bat into a giant bat.