Chapter 553: The Control Chain Shows Its Might And Strikes Gongsun Zhuang

"Fist Emperor Domain!"

Gongsun Zhuang snorted coldly. His eyes were bloodshot, and his entire body trembled. In an instant, Qin Sheng felt as if he had entered a quagmire, as if he was bound by something.

"Domain?"

The formation patterns that appeared beneath his feet made Qin Sheng gasp in shock. He had never expected that Gongsun Zhuang would really have the ability to control a domain.

Damn it!

Didn't domain only awaken after comprehending the power of law?

Along the way, they had encountered so many BOSSES. Only the Undead Lich and Snow Goddess had seen this move.

Now.

A Gold Boss was actually used?

Who the f*ck was he going to reason with?

Did he cheat???

"I can't hold back anymore!"

The trump card that had originally been used to insta-kill him could not be hidden under such circumstances.

"Gaze of Death!"

Activating the Weakening Skill, Death God's Strength burst out. In an instant, Gongsun Zhuang, who had the Dark Strength in his body, bore the brunt of the attack. He was affected and his attributes were reduced by 20%!

"Xiaoxiao, help from the side!"

It was a little difficult to fight one-on-one. The main problem was that this domain was too troublesome. Qin Sheng did not want to use an augmentation technique like Dragon Blood Ignition for this fellow. He was not worthy.

"Roar!"

Upon hearing the order, Xiaoxiao let out a dragon's roar. Her vigorous True Dragon body moved and circled to the other side, forming a pincer attack with Qin Sheng, one in front and one behind. Then, she began to spit out magic.

Darkness!

Absolute nemesis was light. Or rather, it countered light.

And then there was life!

Then came the thunder!

Finally, there were flames!

Xiaoxiao controlled the power of five elements: Wind, Thunder, Water, Fire, and Earth. At this moment, it was best to use thunder magic against the dark demon Gongsun Zhuang. While it was the most destructive, it also had a chance to trigger paralysis!

"Hunting Tiger!"

With a flash, the divine tiger in the void aimed at Gongsun Zhuang and let out a majestic roar.

In an instant.

An eye icon appeared above Gongsun Zhuang's head.

It was the "fear" effect.

"So what if he's powerful? He's still only at the Gold-tier!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly took a glance at the battle log and realized that the effect of Hunting Tiger had been maxed out. He was terrified for five seconds and not one second less. Instantly, he felt extremely happy.

The current Gongsun Zhuang was just as miserable as when he faced the Epic and Legendary Bosses.

Even though he had a lot of augmentation skills, after using all of them, his strength would increase exponentially. Other than his health points and mana points, which players would definitely lose, he could basically surpass them in all other aspects.

Yet.

So what?

Epic Bosses and Legendary Bosses were already out of the ordinary category. They could use higher-level and more profound powers such as Law Energy and Domain Ability!

This was too shameless!

To deal with the undead lich, he didn't know how to fly, so he was naturally at a disadvantage. Then, with a sudden outburst, he collapsed. If not for Zhang Daoming's reinforcements, he would have been completely GG!

It was the same for dealing with the Goddess of Snow (Evil). With the Absolute Defense of Ice Wall in one hand, he, the Shadow Warrior who had always fought close to the Boss, had no way of dealing with it. He was so ashamed that he had no choice but to use long-range attacks to suppress it, but he still had no way. In the end, it was still the Flower Goddess who appeared to bless him and beat down the Goddess of Snow (Evil). Only then did he win with difficulty!

Gongsun Zhuang was extremely terrifying, extremely terrifying.

This was especially so within the Fist Emperor's domain. Coupled with his extremely perverse body, he could suppress himself while augmenting himself.

What a pity!

In the end, his cultivation level was still lacking.

It was useless if one was strong enough. If one did not enter the Epic stage, they would remain at the mortal realm.

“Powerful Lightningfall Talisman!”

Looking at the terrified Gongsun Zhuang, Qin Sheng did not hesitate to take out a talisman from his backpack and throw it over. It was the Thunderfall Talisman he had gotten from the novice village's alchemist Wu Lin.

It was extremely rare in the past, but it was different now. With Zhang Daoming around, he had bought some from him the last time. He had also exchanged crystal coins for a complete set of charms. After that, he could make them himself.

Mass production might be limited by materials and methods, so it was unlikely. However, it shouldn't be a problem to produce tens or hundreds of them for his own use, so he didn't have to save so much.

The Lightningfall Talisman appeared.

In an instant.

Above Gongsun Zhuang’s head, a dark cloud instantly formed. Thunder rumbled within it as it began to form.

"Xiaoxiao!"

With a loud cry, Qin Luo Sheng understood in a split second and retracted his attack on Gongsun Zhuang. At the same time, he began to accumulate power. The power of thunder appeared in his wide open mouth.

"Slash!"

Even if Little Tiny was busy, Qin Sheng, who had cast the charm, would not be idle. Taking advantage of the fact that Gongsun Zhuang did not have the chance to counterattack or even dodge, he charged forward without hesitation. A series of surging slashes fell down and heavily struck his body, bringing about extremely considerable damage.

Unfortunately.

Just now, in order to intimidate a group of brave soldiers and obtain information about the Demon Palace, the Holy Flames had already been used up. Now, without the support of the Holy Flames, the four times damage from the Holy Strike was truly a loss.

"Berserk Strike!"

“Vicious Destruction!”

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

Four consecutive attacks.

Four Skill Flowers bloomed.

Gongsun Zhuang’s HP bar suddenly dropped below half, and all his stats dropped by 10%. His right knee was crippled, and his chest was pierced through and bleeding…

"Great!"

Qin Luo praised.

The Flower Goddess was awesome!

[Life Prayer] Awesome!

It had to be said.

Due to the presence of the Flower Goddess, the legendary [Life Prayer] was like a bug when dealing with dark creatures!

Everything else aside.

Just the fact that there was a "high chance of triggering negative effects" had a lot of negative buffs on his Epic equipment, such as corrosion, stun, fear, and bleeding. It was an indescribable increase in combat power.

"Shadow Assault!"

"Shadow Stab!"

Five seconds passed very quickly. The awakened Gongsun Zhuang had yet to react when he was stunned by Qin Sheng's series of moves.

"Chop!"

After the stun ended, Qin Luo followed up with a heavy slash, sending him flying into the air and freezing for three seconds.

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

After the stun ended, Zhang Xuan immediately followed up with the Illusory Formation.

Another three seconds passed.

A series of control skills made Gongsun Zhuang, who was extremely strong, become a target, and his health points dropped to 27%!

"Brat, I'm going to tear you apart…"

Gongsun Zhuang was stunned, and then he was furious.

He had been in a state of being controlled the entire time, and when it ended, he was severely injured. Who could endure this?

"Again?"

Without the chain of control, Gongsun Zhuang regained mobility. At the same time, the Fist Emperor Domain was activated. That familiar feeling of suppression once again assaulted Qin Luo Sheng's heart.

"Unfortunately, it's too late!"