Chapter 550: Eight Demon Kings Of The Demon Palace

"Boss, you…"

The soldiers stopped in their tracks. They looked at their boss, who was holding a large knife with his brother's blood on it. They were stunned and in disbelief.

"Brothers, don't blame me. We were wrong. We were wrong in the beginning, and now we are wrong as well. One wrong step, and in order to redeem this mistake, we can only use countless mistakes to make up for it. So much so that now, our hands are full of blood, and we are wrong again. We can never turn back."

The little BOSS said with a pained expression, "From the moment we became deserters, we should have died. I really regret that we should have died in Mu Feng City back then. We wouldn't have ended up like this."

"Boss, are you possessed? Did this brat control you?"

Even though his brothers were killed, these brave soldiers did not make things difficult for him. It could be seen that this little BOSS's position in their hearts was not light.

"No, I'm not being controlled. I'm very clear-headed now."

The Little Boss said, "Do you really think you can do anything to this Lord? Now, fate is no longer in our hands. The only thing we can do now is to beg for mercy from the Lord and not vent our anger on our family. As for our rotten life that shouldn't have existed since long ago, so what if we give it to him?"

The Hummer fell silent.

Qin Luo, who was riding on ice, was speechless.

They were only berserk. It was hard to suppress the violent aura in their hearts, but they were not stupid.

This kirin divine beast was riding on a legendary divine beast, and its sword was burning with golden flames. It was a divine power that made them tremble with fear. It was able to kill a brother with just two sword strikes. The terrifying power that it had just unleashed was able to directly suppress their strength. Such an existence was not something that small pawns like them could defeat.

Even their boss, who was far stronger than them, had knelt down and surrendered.

Could it be…

Would their boss really surrender to a brat who was inferior to him?

To do so.

The only explanation was that this brat truly possessed the strength to crush them.

To him, they were like ants that could be easily suppressed.

So—

That was why he didn’t care at all and spoke so arrogantly.

Because.

He had the ability.

Him.

Fearless.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Everyone knelt down.

The only hope in the hearts of the brave soldiers was completely shattered.

"It seems that you have chosen the right path!"

Qin Luo Sheng said expressionlessly. The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] twin dragon souls in his hands trembled. The golden holy flames on the edge of his sword pulsed. The boundless might crushed down, causing all the brave soldiers to shudder in fear. Finally, they truly gave up.

"Lord has already obtained the map of the Demon Palace. The regional division is very detailed, so there's no need to elaborate. What Lord wants to know should be the strength of the guards guarding the Demon Palace, as well as the information of the generals and army commanders, right?"

The little BOSS went straight to the point and said, "The Demon Palace is divided into eight districts. Seven of the districts are controlled by a general. The general's direct troops are stationed in this district. The commander lives in the depths of the Demon Palace. He needs to obtain the keys that the seven generals carry with them and combine them into one. He needs to open the gate of the Demon Palace and walk across the Heaven Abyss Bridge before he can arrive."

“The original legion commander and seven generals obtained their respective powers after being corroded by the darkness. Thus, after establishing the Demon Palace, they abandoned their original titles and called themselves the Eight Demon Kings.”

"Great Demon King Lin Xiao, former Army Commander. He has fused with the power of the Demon-Faced Demon Teng and is proficient in wielding large sabers. He has the power of clones and resides in the Demon Lord Palace. There are many guards in the palace and they are all transformed from the personal guards."

"Second Demon King Yi Ping, the former number one general of the second army, the lover of Commander Lin Xiao, has fused with the power of the Ogre Flower. Her body has mutated into a half-human half-demon flower, guarding the Withered Forest District. There are countless spore mushrooms inside, poisonous, and secret poisonous weapons!"

"The third Demon King, Sun Qing, the second general of the original Second Army, has fused with the power of the Bloodthirsty Bats and transformed into a zombie to guard the blood pool area. There are countless Bloodthirsty Bats guarding it!"

"Four Demon Kings, Lin Ying, the third general of the original Second Army, and the cousin of Commander Lin Xiao. She has fused with the power of the Dark Demon Spider and transformed into a spider to guard the tainted poison area. The place is extremely filthy and is guarded by many demonic spiders!"

"Five Demon Kings, Sun Zhuang. Originally the fourth general of the second army corps, Commander Lin Xiao's personal guard captain. He was placed in the earth and stone area and fused with the power of the Earth Demon Ape. Because of this, his personality is irritable and easily angered. After he gets angry, he can mutate into the form of a Demon Ape. He has the power to destroy mountains and destroy cities. The guards here are demonized personal guards. Combined with the power of the battle formation, their overall strength far surpasses the previous areas!"

"Six Demon King Xu Lin, former Fifth General of the Second Army, Military Advisor. Because he swallowed the Dark Frost Python's inner core, he awakened the power of ice crystals and guarded the Ice Area. The guardian monster inside is the Frost Python!"

"The Seven Demon Kings Li Zhan, the sixth general of the original Second Army Corps and the first warrior. He did not fuse with any mutated beasts or rare treasures, but his strength increased exponentially after absorbing the power of darkness. He also used the blood of tens of thousands of people to forge his blood soldier. The power of his sword is the strongest apart from the regimental commander! He guards the inner court area that leads to the Demon Palace!"

"Eighth Demon King Qin Zhen, the former seventh general of the Second Legion, the leader of the Magic Legion, a fire-type magic caster. He has fused with the power of the Amethyst Flame Lion to strengthen the abnormal flame and guard the flame area. It's filled with the subordinates of the Magic Legion that he led in the past. It's where the Second Legion's greatest firepower is!"

In one breath, the Little Boss had revealed all the information about the Demon Palace. Qin Sheng was terrified.

F*ck!

There were actually eight districts and eight Bosses?

That was not all.

Not only was there a Boss in every region, but there were also terrifying guardian monsters blocking their way.

Let's not talk about the difficulty of this f*cking mission first. However, the time it took to complete this mission was definitely not something that could be resolved in a day or two.

“Milord, I’ve told you everything I know. I hope that Milord will keep your promise.”

The little BOSS looked at Qin Sheng who was muttering to himself. He picked up the big knife beside him, gritted his teeth and placed it on his neck, preparing to commit suicide.

"Which scoundrel dares to trespass into the territory of my Demon Palace!"

Right at this moment, black clouds filled the sky as a violent roar swept over, causing everyone's eardrums to hurt.

"Who is it?"

Qin Sheng, who was immersed in the shocking news of the eight Demon Kings of the Demon Palace, tensed up at the sudden disturbance. He hurriedly raised his head and looked at the terrifying existence that was rapidly approaching.

"This is—the voice of the Five Great Kings, Sun Qing!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not know who it was, but a group of brave soldiers recognized the voice of the person who had arrived. Their faces were filled with fear and joy, while their hearts were in turmoil. They did not know if they should be happy that reinforcements had arrived or sad that the troublemaker had come to cause trouble.

"Oh? Five Demon Kings, Sun Qing? A Demon King came so quickly?"

Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he heard Qin Luo's muttering. "That's great. It's just nice. Let me feel how low the so-called Eighth Demon King is. Let's see how strong these guys are after using everything they've got!"

————

< EMPTY >