Chapter 563: In The Name Of Greed…

Clang…

A crisp sound of collision rang out.

Qin Luo Sheng could feel the skin between his thumb and index finger turning numb. He almost lost control of his hand and threw the Coiling Dragon Water.

"This armor…"

Qin Sheng felt a wave of despair when he saw that there was not even a trace of the dark armor.

Too hard.

His current attack was extremely high, and he even had a legendary weapon as his main attack.

Such coordination actually failed to break through Demon Envoy Greed's energy armor?

"Don't waste your energy!"

The Avarice Demon Envoy wildly laughed, “This black armor was manifested by my power of darkness. Who do you think you are? Why don’t you take a look at where you are? Do you think you alone can break through this ancient battlefield that has been silent for tens of thousands of years? Do you think you can break through this power formed from the monstrous resentment of countless demon children? This is an absolute defense that even I cannot break!”

Qin Sheng:…

He had a bitter look on his face.

It was a crime of not fighting!

It wasn't that they didn't work hard, but that the enemy had cheated!

"Eh, something's not right!"

Even so, Qin Sheng did not give up.

He stared intently at the constantly evolving Demon Envoy of Greed, searching for a way to attack. He was also searching for weak spots to attack.

Absolute Defense?

What a joke!

Everything in the world was mutually reinforcing and countering each other. There was never a single existence that could be said to have no weaknesses.

"That is…"

Hard work paid off. Qin Sheng, who had focused 200% of his attention, finally found an opportunity to win.

"Hahaha…"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed heartily. "Everything is predestined!"

“Brat, what are you laughing at?”

The Avarice Demon Envoy was somewhat bewildered. He, who was already very suspicious, raised the alarm when he saw Qin Sheng's performance.

"What are you laughing at?" Qin Luo Sheng's lips tilted as he said coldly, "Laughing at the impermanence of the Heavenly Dao, laughing at fate, laughing at your impending death!"

“My death?” The Avarice Demon Envoy said, “Ridiculous, alarmist! You want to mess with my heart? Your cultivation is still a bit lacking!”

"Whether it's true or not, watch carefully ~" The greedy demon kept evolving, but Qin Sheng did not dare to show off and explain. He stalled for time and got serious. With a snap, he snapped his fingers. "Water, explode!"

“Bang…” The expression of the Demon Envoy of Greed, who was smiling smugly, suddenly changed. “What did you do?”

"What did I do? No!" Qin Luo chuckled. "As you can see, I merely snapped my fingers. That's all!"

No answer.

For the Demon Envoy of Greed, the moment he woke up and swaggered in front of Qin Sheng and wanted to kill him, there was no solution.

It was a manifestation of the soul!

Qin Luo's sacred flames would destroy his soul in a frenzy!

Possessing Sun Qing's body?

In his previous battle with Sun Qing, he had ignored his defenses and poured a large amount of 【 Water Separation 】 into his body. He had also activated the Blood Demon BUFF of 【 Backwater Battle 】. The effect of the rupture was effective and many wounds were cut open. This was the death talisman of Yama King.

"Urgh…"

A mouthful of blood was spat out from the mouth of the Greedy Demon Envoy. To be precise, it was from the mouth of Sun Qing, who was already a corpse. The dark red blood mixed with the severely corroded pieces of his internal organs, emitting an unbearable stench.

"I have to say, you chose a path of death!"

Qin Luo walked over and looked at the Demon Envoy of Greed who was still absorbing the power of darkness and remaining motionless. He sneered, "If you had obediently hidden yourself and waited for me to leave before coming out, wouldn't that have been great? Why did you have to come out and court death?"

“Bastard, I am a grand Demon Monarch’s avaricious Demon Envoy, how could I lose to a little brat like you?”

The Avaricious Demon Envoy was enraged. He roared out, “A mere corrosive power isn’t enough. It can severely wound this body, but you cannot destroy it. As long as it doesn’t collapse, with my dark armor protecting it, what can you do to me?”

"Is that so? Then watch carefully. Watch how I destroy your turtle shell!"

Qin Luo Sheng stretched out his hand and aimed at the Demon Envoy of Greed from afar. Under the uneasy expression of his constricted pupils, he coldly spat out a single word, "Control!"

The next moment.

The tiny wounds on the surface of Sun Qing’s corpse began to vibrate. It was as if something was swimming through his skin. Before the Avaricious Demon Envoy could respond, with a loud bang, his blood vessels burst apart. Vast amounts of blood gushed out from those tiny wounds, forming beautiful and enchanting blood flowers in the air.

"Pfft…"

The massive loss of blood, as well as the ruptured blood vessels, caused the avaricious Demon Envoy to violently spit out a mouthful of blood. His body weakened and he couldn’t help but kneel down, “Blood, my blood!”

"No, it's my blood now!"

Qin Luo Sheng made a grabbing motion with his palm. The blood that spurted out from Sun Qing's corpse seemed to have received an order and flew towards Qin Luo one after another. A blood ball formed above his palm and spun continuously, absorbing the remaining blood in Sun Qing's body.

“How is it? My blood control technique is as good as your Seven Demon Envoys’, right?”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the effect he had created with satisfaction. This special skill was indeed different. Blood Boiling was awesome, Blood Boiling was awesome!

"If your internal organs are corroded, you will be able to survive for a period of time before they are completely melted. Even if you are struggling at death's door, as long as your body is not destroyed, you will be able to use the power of darkness in the entire ancient battlefield to form a dark armor to resist my attack."

Qin Luo Sheng said coldly, "It's a pity that you're one chi taller while I'm three chi taller. I made two preparations just now. Other than Li Shui, there's also blood control. Watch me drain the blood from Sun Qing's corpse. You've possessed him. Now you're his fool. What price do you have to pay?!"

He clenched his fist.

The Blood Control Technique increased the power.

The scene of the blood collapse was replicated once again. The body that had been transformed from a small wound into a large one due to the sudden surge of blood could not withstand the blood control ability of the boiling blood. In addition, the blood vessels had long ruptured, allowing Qin Sheng to do whatever he wanted.

In just a few seconds, Sun Qing's blood was completely drained.

“Bastard! You actually dare spoil my plans? Die!”

After successfully seizing the body, Demon Envoy Greed was equal to Sun Qing. Now that his blood had been sucked dry, the agonizing torture and the soul damage that forced him to flee his body caused him to fly into a rage. “In the name of Greed… bloom, Greed Demonshine!”

An extremely evil black gas erupted from the Avarice Demon Envoy’s body and arrived instantly. Qin Sheng was caught off guard and was enveloped by it.

"Come, magnify the desire in your body! No matter what it is, no matter what you want, use all your greed to obtain it! Abandon your so-called humanity, throw away your dogshit kindness and benevolence, release your nature and liberate your evil thoughts! Hahaha…"