Chapter 560: Greedy Demon Envoy, Soul Fusion (2)

Talisman arts.

That was too famous!

Who in the world didn't know the great name of Mount Longhu, the head of Taoism?

Even though there were other schools of thought that could control talisman arts, such as Maoshan, it was still the Five Elements Divine Thunder that could control the lightning. It had to be Mount Longhu.

"Go to hell and ask the King of Hell!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. Under the guidance of the Flight Talisman, his body was as light as a swallow. With a Triple Eagle Stomp, he flew rapidly towards Sun Qing.

"Courting death!"

Qin Luo, who had been in unbearable pain from the lightning explosion, was furious when he saw that this ant dared to charge first. He flapped his wings, and a huge gust of wind was generated. It was like a tornado, causing Qin Luo, who had charged forward violently, to freeze and be blown back continuously.

"This guy!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was dark as he resisted the strong wind. However, no matter how hard he tried, he could not resist the tremendous wind force in the end. It was not easy for him to charge within twenty meters of Sun Qing. Now, he had already retreated beyond thirty meters.

"As expected of a schemer hiding in the dark. He's indeed cautious. Even after obtaining such powerful strength and advancing to the Epic stage, he's still not arrogant at all. Is it because of his character, or is he frightened by my actions just now?"

They could not get close to him. It was difficult to even get within twenty meters of him.

As such,

As a shadow warrior, he had no means of attacking. Even under the amplification of the Undying Battle Intent, Sword Qi, and Sacred Flame, he was unable to touch Sun Qing who was so far away.

"Xiaoxiao!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a loud roar and understood in a split second. He flew out from his shoulder and transformed into a ten-meter true dragon in the air. Facing the strong wind, he shifted his body and flew towards Sun Qing's side.

"True Dragon?"

Sun Qing was furious.

The eruption of Dragon Blood Ignition had caused his heart to beat wildly. Now that he had seen a living True Dragon and not a True Dragon, his expression was extremely gloomy.

First, there was the qilin as a mount. Now, there was the true dragon as a pet.

He realized.

Even though he had constantly overestimated the brat in front of him, he had to admit that he had still underestimated him.

To be able to intimidate the descendants of the two ancient races, how could such existences be mediocre?

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

Roar!

A loud dragon roar came from Xiaoxiao's mouth.

Littly, who had already stepped into the growth phase, was still under the support of the extremely high True Dragon Bloodline. Although she had yet to fully mature, it wouldn’t cause much harm to the current Sun Qing.

However!

That true dragon blood was extremely abnormal!

This resulted in a situation where the damage wasn't high but the effect was maxed out.

Instantly.

The insufferably arrogant Sun Qing's bat wings, which were at least 30 meters long, stopped moving. This was because he had been intimidated by the impact of the tiny dragon's roar and had sunk into fear for three seconds.

"A good opportunity!"

Seizing this opportunity, Qin Sheng closed in.

With so many augmentations, Qin Sheng's speed had already exceeded five digits. His body was like an afterimage as he charged towards the unguarded Sun Qing.

Three seconds.

It happened to be within ten meters of Sun Qing.

"Instant Slash!"

Without another word, he activated Instant Slash and teleported ten meters away, landing directly on Sun Qing's body. The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his hand, along with the blade of the Holy Flames, slashed into his body.

"Get lost!"

In a moment of carelessness, he had been tricked, causing Qin Luo to stick close to him. Sun Qing was unable to restrain his anger and released the power of darkness from his entire body. His body swayed and he wanted to throw Qin Luo down.

"Since I'm already here, it'll be difficult to ask me to leave now!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered and opened his mouth wide. An extremely majestic white tiger phantom appeared behind him and roared at Sun Qing.

"Hunting Tiger!"

There was nothing to say.

However, how could Sun Qing, who had relied on external forces to ascend to the Epic stage, withstand the effects of Hunting Tiger? He was once again in a state of fear, and it lasted for five seconds!

The first second, charge!

The second—

"Berserk Strike!"

Damage effect activated, attributes -10%!

The third second—

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

He pierced Sun Qing's right eye.

Fourth second—

“Vicious Destruction!”

The bat had joints, but it was too big and couldn't do anything to Qin Luo Sheng. Qin Sheng turned his target to his left eye. After three consecutive slashes, he successfully triggered the destruction effect of the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier and stabbed his left eye blind.

"Hahahaha… As expected, Lady Luck is on my side!"

Apart from the fact that the Berserk Strike had not triggered the Absolute Damage, the Extreme Speed Thrust and the Savage Strike had both produced the best results. How could Qin Sheng not be surprised?

Blind in the left eye, blind in the right.

They had just begun fighting, yet they were already severely injured. Sun Qing, what do you have to fight me?

"Xiaoxiao, don't stop attacking. Help me share the pressure on my flank!"

Qin Luo instructed Little Xiao with his mind. Taking advantage of the last second of his fear, he flipped his body and jumped onto Sun Qing's head.

"Li Shui!"

The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's sword edge was biting cold. Blood red and azure coexisted together. Under the golden radiance of the holy flames, there seemed to be the sound of flowing water.

"Let's fight to the death!"

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] had a dark red blade. On the sword, there seemed to be a malevolent and evil demon. It was sharp and bloodthirsty, and one could even smell the thick scent of blood.

"By injecting the Liquid Water into the corrosive core and using the Blood Demon to tear apart the body and absorb the blood, coupled with the Blood Boiling, I don't believe that a lousy bat like you can overturn the heavens with this combination!"

After stabilizing his body, Qin Sheng attacked furiously from both sides.

At this moment.

Under the effect of many augmentation skills and elixir talismans, small skills were already useless. On the contrary, it would be a waste of time because the usage of skills would be stiff. The most effective was normal attacks, which was the so-called flat A!

Qin Luo Sheng was precisely that.

Coincidentally.

After using Backwater Battlefield and obtaining the Blood Demon BUFF, [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] 's attacks were all converted into normal attacks. It was impossible to use any skills.

"Ice Skin!"

Blood Demon BUFF, first injure, then take effect.

Qin Sheng did not dare to act rashly after 80% of his health points had been consumed. He immediately covered his body with Ice Skin and increased his defense, increasing the upper limit of his HP and making it harder for him to be killed instantly.

"Brat, get lost!"

After recovering from his fear, Sun Qing instantly went berserk.

Not only had his eyes been poked blind, Qin Sheng had even stood on his head. How could he not be angry at this provocative action?

"It's easy to invite a god, but difficult to send one away!"

Qin Luo Sheng snorted coldly. He did not care that Sun Qing was madly dancing in the air, twisting and turning, flying up and down, left and right, and his wings were constantly attacking the top of his head. His hands were steady as he continued to attack ferociously.

What a joke.

His speed had completely exceeded hers and he had the ability to fly. How could he be thrown down by those simple movements?

What was there to be afraid of when the wings attacked?

Even though Sun Qing's Attack Power was very high, Qin Luo's normal Health Points were as high as 160,000 points. Now that all the various boosts were added together, it was close to a million. With the defense offset, even if he was hit by a critical hit, he could at most take down 200,000 to 300,000 health points in one hit.

In the Blood Demon state, coupled with the enhancement of Blood Sucking ability, the high damage could easily recover the lost health points.