Chapter 569: Absolute Suppression

Indeed.

The guardian monster of the Icy Area was the Ice Python!

It was exactly as the leader had said.

"Enhanced three-star Elite?"

Qin Luo Sheng pulled out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. His hands began to itch.

Even though the Ice Python was not demonized and did not belong to the Dark element, Death's Gaze did not work and could not weaken all attributes by 20%. However, it was a piece of cake to deal with these ordinary Enhanced monsters that were not even Iron BOSSes.

Still.

This thing should be a meat shield type monster. It already had 80W + health at level 35, and its defense was not weak either. It could be considered one of the best among its level.

"Go! Go!"

Qin Luo rubbed his hands together and urged Bing Bing forward.

"Xiaoxiao, lure the monsters!"

With a command, the sleepy Xiaoxiao immediately woke up and transformed into her ten-meter-long body. Her dragon's might spread out, and her body moved. She charged into the aggro zone of countless Frost Pythons that were hibernating and woke them up.

"Dragon Might!"

At the same time.

Qin Luo activated his Dragon Might skill, attracting the attention of the ice python in a wide range.

The ice pythons were huge. Each of them was at least as thick as a water bucket and seven to eight meters long. Their bloated appearance gave them an even greater pressure than the current small size.

Yet.

This was only the difference in size. In terms of strength, they were simply not on the same level.

"Sacred Flame!"

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

There was no need for too many augmentation skills. He could only activate two skills that could increase his attack range. He could also use the Holy Flame's splitting effect to pursue the highest efficiency.

-55,8054!

-2,18436!

-17,5558!

-56,2148!

-220124!

-1,78830!

…

A huge six-digit damage appeared above the head of the Frost Python. [Coiling Dragon Water] activated the special effect of [Dragon Fire]. Every second, there would be an additional 3,000 points of burn fixed damage. It also had the characteristics of water and fire that could not coexist. This caused the Frost Python, which was of the ice attribute, to go berserk due to the fire. It was extremely resentful.

This was just child's play.

The real main head was still the endowment [Ascending Dragon Slaying]. It would reduce all attributes by 20% for those with scales, and it would also increase the damage of snakes by 1000%. The Ice Python would naturally belong to the scales, and also to the snakes. It was extremely miserable.

Fortunately, the [Ascending Dragon Slaying] was only effective against the [Coiling Dragon Water] and not against the entire Qin Sheng body. Otherwise, how could these ice pythons be able to withstand Qin Sheng's tenfold damage?

One hit kills!

[Coiling Dragon Water] was very powerful, and [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] was not bad either.

Having just absorbed the battle will bestowed by the heroic souls of the Human Race Alliance on the ancient battlefield, the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was now in a very dazzling state.

The special effects of [Hundred Wars] increased his attacking power by 1% every 3 seconds, allowing Qin Sheng to become more valiant.

The most terrifying thing was [Army Breaker], which had an additional effect of "Power Breaker" and "Power Breaker". It was simply a bug, especially when dealing with mixed troops. The chances of triggering it were extremely high.

The Power of Break was still manageable, but it only dealt penetrating damage and ignored defense. With the Ice Python's rough and thick health points, it could still withstand a little.

However, the power of severing was terrifying. After triggering it, the ice python's body, which was as thick as a water bucket, was split into two. The effect was comparable to the most heaven-defying Instant Kill.

Other than the two Divine Armaments, the other effects such as corrosion, chaos, fear, and hallucination were also brought into play. This was especially so for chaos. Under the Absolute Hatred Attraction effect of the Frost Python, it was like a mad dog that refused to let go.

Not only did this provide the best performance venue for the Holy Flame's splitting effect, it also caused the unlucky fellow whose chaos was triggered to begin attacking his own kind around him with bloodshot eyes. He was forced to join Qin Sheng's enemy camp and attack his teammates.

"Awesome, this is too awesome! This is what a satisfying battle should be like!"

Qin Luo Sheng rode on Bing Bing and did not need to pay too much attention to anything else. With Bing Bing's talent, she would naturally solve all problems. He only needed to focus on output.

Who would not be pleased with such an unparalleled method of cutting grass without any worries?

Compared to him, Xiaoxiao was not to be outdone either.

Xiaoxiao, who was already a spell cannon, was far more efficient than Qin Sheng when it came to fighting and cleaning up the miscellaneous fish.

If not for Qin Luo's Sacred Flame's split attack, he would not have been able to compare with Xiaoxiao at all.

Even so, in terms of durability, it was hard to compare to Xiaoxiao, who had infinite magic and an infinite range magic. After all, he relied on the effects of the Holy Flame to be so brave.

He pushed his way through.

In the face of absolute strength and absolute restraint, the Frost Python had no ability to defend itself. It had gone from a ferocious, man-eating python to a piece of trash like a loach. Groups after groups of them died under the joint attacks of Qin Luo and Xiao Xiao.

“This experience is truly worthy of being an [S] class special wilderness instance dungeon. It is too rich!”

Qin Sheng was very surprised to see the endless stream of high EXP.

The opening of a dungeon was originally a blessing for players.

Not only did it give the low-level players motivation to continue playing, it also gave the frontline players convenience.

Instance dungeons also had different levels of difficulty. From the lowest level of difficulty to the highest level, there were four levels: Normal, Difficult, Nightmare, and Abyss.

As the name suggested, leveling difficulty was specifically used to level up. Apart from experience, the rest could basically be ignored. Even if you were lucky enough to drop equipment and coins, it would still be the trashiest white equipment and the smallest amount of coins.

Normal was normal.

Difficult, the normal mode of raising a percentage of difficulty.

Nightmare. The doubling difficulty of the misery mode.

Abyss. There were two explanations on the official website. The first was that Abyss Mode was the real mode, simulating the real battlefield. Qin Luo Sheng had a deep understanding of this. After all, he had already experienced it once in the beginner village, in the trial grounds of the beginner dungeons. It was unbearable to recall.

The second type was Abyss Mode or Virtual Data Mode. Calculating based on normal circumstances, the difficulty would be multiplied by X when compared to Nightmare Mode. As for how many Xs there were, that would depend on the dungeon.

“In this Demon Palace, the system gave me an [S] class difficulty. Additionally, because it is the location for the Second Stage Profession’s quest, when I entered, I did not trigger the option to choose the difficulty.”

Qin Luo thought to himself, "Since the completion rate for the second-promotion mission is based on the completion rate, this means that the current difficulty level is undoubtedly the Abyss Mode. However, this is the second Abyss Mode for the real battlefield mode of the trial grounds. MD, no wonder minions like the Ice Python have such strong stats. Their health points are as high as 80W +. It's truly perverse."

————

< EMPTY >

I’m a little tired. That’s all for today. I’ll start my update tomorrow. Thank you for your recommendations. See you tomorrow.