Chapter 562: Greedy Demon Envoy, Soul Fusion (4)

“Use your soul to forge my body.”

There seemed to be a heavy echo.

The Avaricious Demon Envoy opened his arms wide. Endless black energy surged towards him, wildly swallowing him up.

"Wu wu wu…"

"Wu wu wu…"

"Wu wu wu…"

Endless sounds of resentment filled the entire ancient battlefield.

The demon soldiers who had died here were originally unwilling, causing their demonic souls to not disperse, forming a danger zone in this dark domain. And because they had been imprisoned here for a long time, their resentment had deepened.

At this moment.

After being summoned by the Avarice Demon Envoy, they all woke up and turned into pure dark power that poured into the Avarice Demon Envoy’s body for him to control.

"F*ck…"

The Demon Envoy of Greed was happy, but Qin Luo's face had turned green.

This was f*cking shameless.

He was so blatantly cheating. Did he not have any sense of shame?

"No, we can't let this fellow carry on!"

Qin Luo rose to power.

Even though the pressure of the Avarice Demon Envoy made him feel as if his body wasn’t being controlled, this matter concerned his life, so how could he allow fear to control him?

If he did not fight with all his might, he would truly die a tragic death.

If he charged forward bravely now, there might be a chance of survival.

"Slash!"

Golden sword energy burst forth and struck the Avarice Demon Envoy's body, causing golden energy fragments to splash out.

"Ah…"

He was greedily devouring the pure dark energy that had fallen 10,000 years ago. It was not the pure dark energy that was born from the remnant souls of a single dark faction. He had never expected that Qin Sheng, who had already been intimidated, would actually dare to resist. He even took the initiative to attack. Caught off guard, he was struck directly. The golden sword Qi that was like maggots in one's bones stuck to his soul, giving him unimaginable pain. He could not help but cry out, "Divine power? You little brat, who exactly are you?"

"Who?" Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "The one who wants your life!"

"Damn it!"

As the avaricious Demon Envoy saw the golden sword energy flying towards him, fear appeared in his eyes. For a creature of darkness like him, the higher the rank and purer the dark power that he controlled, the greater the suppression of the divine power. In particular, he was still in his soul form state and didn’t have a mortal body to withstand the damage. The pain he felt was even more intense, as if his soul was about to be torn apart. It was difficult to resist.

“Bastard! I’ll definitely crush your bones and scatter your ashes!”

The Avaricious Demon Envoy roared.

Originally, he was prepared to use the pure power of darkness to reconstruct his demonic body, but things did not go according to his wishes. Qin Sheng's threat forced him to give up on this idea.

The Avaricious Demon Envoy forcefully stopped absorbing the power of darkness and exterminated this troublemaker in front of him. The avaricious Demon Envoy hatefully glared at Sun Qing’s corpse that had already turned cold. A strange light flashed in his eyes and his soul entered into it. “Soul fusion!”

Borrowing Sun Qing's corpse to reincarnate!

And use his body to resist the damage brought by the divine power.

This was the greedy Demon Envoy’s method.

Even though the effect was limited, it was still better than a soul body resisting the attack.

"Oh, I thought you were a tough guy. That's it?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but mock.

At the same time.

The detection spell was activated silently.

[Seven Demon Envoy Greed (Sun Qing) (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 36 °

Health Points: 67,50000 yuan

Mana: 17,000 °

Physical Attack: 47,500 ° C

Magic Attack: 22,400 °

Physical Defense: 15800 °

Magic Defense: 10100 °

Speed: 4580 °

Skills:???

Introduction: Lose!

Current status: Possession Evolution

Indeed.

Soul bodies couldn't see through it, but this corporeal body could be used to probe.

Except.

He seemed a little annoyed!

It was an Epic stage, and its level and attributes were constantly increasing as the Dark Force was absorbed.

The Demon Envoy Greed was not a weakling like Sun Qing. He was once one of the Seven Demon Envoys and had caused endless slaughter. His strength was naturally undoubtable. At his peak, he was definitely not weaker than a full-stage Five Legendary Boss (Level 100 Legendary Boss), or even step into the Mythical stage.

"How maddening!"

Even in the face of the former Seven Demon Envoys, a terrifying existence that made the entire continent turn pale at the mention of it, the newborn calf was not afraid of the tiger. Qin Sheng was still fearless, and the feedback from his body was not the same mentally.

His body was restricted by the pressure and thus became very stiff.

But his will was not affected at all.

Otherwise…

The undying battle intent that relied on battle intent had long been extinguished.

"Little demon, just you wait. After I absorb the power of darkness in this ancient battlefield and recover some of my strength, I'll let you know how terrifying the consequences of opposing me are!"

While frantically absorbing the energy, he didn't forget to wait for Qin Luo to come over ruthlessly.

"You really are an idiot!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but mock, "Do all demons look like big idiots like you? Where's your brain? You're clearly unable to move and are a living target, yet you dare to provoke your enemy at this time? Your actions have truly stunned me."

"Hmph!"

The Avaricious Demon Envoy was stunned. He couldn’t help but coldly snort and say, “You really are a frog in a well that doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. Do you really think that you can do anything to me? Your divine power is indeed able to restrain me. However, now that I have this leather bag as my defense, what can you do to me? Dark Armor!”

"There's something!"

Qin Luo Sheng squinted his eyes as he sized up the energy armor formed from pure darkness energy on Demon Envoy Greed (Sun Qing). He could not help but tighten his grip on his sword.

Indeed.

These old fellows were not easy to deal with.

Without a physical body, one would be like a rootless duckweed that could be slaughtered at will. However, once one possessed a physical body, even if it wasn't his own, he would still be able to utilize it to execute all kinds of tricks—just like this moment.

“Powerful Lightningfall Talisman!”

“Powerful Five Elements Thunder Symbol!”

“Powerful Demon Slayer Talisman!”

"Powerful Diamond Seal!"

"Powerful Exorcism Talisman!"

Without hesitation.

Qin Luo Sheng took out all the lethal charms that could be put to good use from his backpack and threw them ruthlessly at Demon Envoy Greed.

At the same time.

Sky Tremor Thunder, Fire ~ Medicinal Jar, Divine Flame Symbol…

A series of explosions.

"Small tricks!"

Bathed in the heavenly thunder and earth fire, under the Buddhist light of the Dao, Demon Envoy Greed’s entire body emitted black smoke. Wearing a fierce black armor, he was like a demon god, terrifying to the extreme. “A mere low level talisman, how can it break through my dark armor?”

"Stop gloating!"

Qin Luo suddenly gritted his teeth and brandished his sword. "If talismans don't work, then come and try my sword!"

A violent and ferocious attack, a sword slash imbued with divine power, suddenly swung down…

Clang…