Chapter 561: Greedy Demon Envoy, Soul Fusion (3)

"After all, he is just a trashy Epic BOSS. If he uses external forces to forcefully break through, he doesn't need to rely on his own strength to reach this level."

Looking at Sun Qing's incompetent and furious roar, Qin Luo could not help but sneer. "In comparison, such a despicable person hiding in the dark, not to mention the Goddess of Snow, even the Undead Lich who did not evolve because of the Moonlight Divine Stone, could not be compared."

70%!

60%!

50%!

His Health Points had been "unstoppable" all the way and rising in reverse. In just half a minute, under the ferocious attacks of Qin Sheng, who had not put up any defense at all, his Health Points had dropped drastically and dropped by half!

"With so many buffs and four times damage from the Holy Flames, so what if you have tens of millions of Health Points? You're just my target. You'll only be a burden to yourself and become a blood bank for me to feed on."

He pushed wildly.

Relying on his own condition, Qin Luo Sheng completely ignored Sun Qing's explosive skills. In any case, he could revive three times a day. What was there to be afraid of?

Today's time had already come to this point. He reckoned that his progress could only be dragged to this point. He would only be able to enter the Demon Palace tomorrow. Even if he died three times, so what? Once the time was up and he recovered, he would once again be a lively and fearless man!

40%!

He had reached his limit!

"Gaze of Death!"

-2000000!

"Dragon Might!"

-2000000!

The two weakening skills that he had been holding back had been waiting for this moment.

Instantly.

Sun Qing, who had lost 40% of all his attributes, suddenly froze as he lost his life force and fell from the sky.

"That's it?"

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

Epic Boss?

Just this?

Eh?

No!

There was no system prompt.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 40 Epic Boss: Three Demon King—Bloodthirsty Bat Sun Qing. You have received 1,200W + EXP and 3,500 Reputation points! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

A golden light flashed.

With the huge amount of EXP, Qin Luo rose to Level 38, Xiaoxiao to Level 33, and Bing Bing jumped twice to Level 28!

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… What an interesting battle!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to pick up the spoils of war, a sinister voice suddenly rang out just like when Sun Qing had appeared. Even his words were exactly the same.

“Who?”

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body tensed up as he scanned his surroundings repeatedly. Xiao Xiao and Bing Bing were also extremely vigilant as they relied on the keen senses of the divine beast to find unknown potential enemies.

“I really have to thank you for helping me kill this idiot with a heart that’s higher than the heavens and a life that’s thinner than paper. Otherwise, how could I have such a great opportunity to reconstruct my body and return 10,000 years from now?”

A wisp of pure black energy rose from Sun Qing's corpse and transformed into a strange man with a sinister face.

"Ten thousand years? This lord?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the strange fellow who had appeared from Sun Qing's corpse. His eyes were filled with greed and bloodlust. It was indescribably terrifying. Just a glance at him made his heart skip a beat. It was as if he had been targeted by a top predator. The fear that had been imprinted in his genes was naturally triggered. His entire body was extremely stiff and he could not move.

"Who exactly are you?"

Qin Sheng, who was having difficulty breathing, asked with a slightly distorted expression as he looked at the illusory figure.

“This seat is the great Demon Monarch’s Seven Demon Envoys, Demon Envoy Greed. Little demon, remember this well!”

He said arrogantly.

"Demon Lord?!!"

Qin Qin Sheng's face suddenly darkened.

Other players might not know, but how could he not know?

He hadn’t met the Demon Monarch, but he had been involved with the three Demon Kings and the Demon King of Fear’s Demon Weapons at the mass grave.

Dreadfiend Wheel.

This was something that Qin Sheng had almost forgotten. The words "Demon Lord" evoked Qin Sheng's memories again.

For some reason, the Demon Wheel of Terror, which had caused Rocin’s death, had entered his body. It had even been brought to the real world, where the virtual items had become real.

If it wasn't for him being a transmigrator, even such an inconceivable thing like transmigration had happened. If it was anyone else, they would probably be scared to death and be unable to accept such an extremely bizarre thing.

Under the Demon Lord’s command were the three Demon Kings, followed by the seven Demon Envoys. They represented arrogance, jealousy, anger, laziness, greed, gluttony, and lust, just like the Seven Deadly Sins.

Greedy Demon Envoy represented the greed of the Seven Deadly Sins!

“This is going to be tricky.”

Qin Luo was somewhat flustered.

How could the current him compare to a terrifying existence like the Devil Race?

Back then, it was just a magic equipment that was severely lacking in energy and didn’t even have origin power. However, it was still able to use Rocin’s body to fight back against the three NPCs. One of them was even the Great Priest of Light, the bane of all NPCs. From this, one could see just how powerful it was.

In ancient times.

Furthermore, with the strength of a single race, they had invaded the entire Mainland, trampling through the endless mountains and rivers and destroying thousands of races.

To be able to become one of the seven Demon Envoys of such a terrifying race, second only to the three Demon Kings and the highest Demon Monarch, his strength was unimaginable.

"Has so much time passed?"

Looking around at the incomparably dilapidated ancient battlefield, the Avaricious Demon Envoy had a rare look of reminiscence on his face. “When my Demon race failed, this time I will absolutely not repeat the same mistake. The conquest of this continent will begin from this seat. After I escape today and recover my ruined body, I will use the blood of thousands of hateful humans as a sacrifice to return to my peak. At that time, I will open the gates of the human and demon worlds. My Demon army will pass through the gap between the two worlds and return to the human world. Hahaha…”

"Ding… Congratulations on triggering the mandatory hidden mission: Eliminate the Demon Envoy Greed. Please proceed to the mission panel and check it out!"

Without waiting for Qin Sheng, the bar spirit, to refute him, the system's notification sound suddenly rang out, slapping back the words that were about to come out of his mouth.

[Mission Title: Eliminate the Demon Envoy Greed

[Mission Introduction] The powerful demon that had invaded the continent had already revived and was looking for the human race to take revenge. If he really became a threat, the entire continent would once again fall into the flames of war, and all life would be plunged into misery and suffering. Taking advantage of the fact that the newly revived Avarice Demon Envoy was extremely weak, warrior, take out your courage and completely destroy him.

[Mission Details] Kill or Seal Greedy Demon Envoy

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Qin Sheng:…

Dog System.

You really know how to seize every opportunity!

Since when did players not even have the right to choose?

Forced buying and selling?

Qin Qin Sheng was very displeased.

It felt like human rights were being violated.

Still.

Now was not the time to pursue this matter.

From another perspective.

Even without this mission, there was no way Qin Sheng would let Qin Luo go.

After all.

Demons and humans were mortal enemies, the kind that wouldn’t stop until one side was dead.

Even though he was not the original owner of this world but a player and had not been instilled with the idea of 'irreconcilable hatred with the devils', it was obvious that as a human, he had already been blacklisted by this fellow.

Since this Demon Envoy Greed wanted to kill him, he would return the favor. If he didn’t do anything to him, did he really think that this was still the era when their Demon race was all-powerful, the birth of a race and the extinction of thousands of races?

Lord, times have changed!