Chapter 565: Transcending The Spirit, Mission Completed

"You, you…"

The Avarice Demon Envoy was afraid. For some reason, when he saw Qin Sheng's eyes when he was originally a demon, he had the feeling that the man before him was the real demon.

An indescribable feeling welled up in his heart. It was heart palpitations that caused his heart to twitch in a terrifying manner. This was an emotion and fear that he had never felt before even when facing the supreme Demon Lord.

Now.

But because of a human, a human youth was born.

"Cut the crap. Die!"

The brilliant [Hundred Battles Blood Soldiers], enhanced by the souls of countless soldiers, carried with it an endless might, as if the heavens were falling, mountains were falling, and seas were pouring down. It landed on the body of the avaricious Demon Envoy, who was in the form of a dark bat.

-100000000!

A nine-digit black damage number floated above the Demon Envoy’s head.

100 million!

A terrifying 100 million kill damage!

This was the light of a miracle!

This was a miracle!

His flesh was shattered, his ruined soul destroyed!

The Avaricious Demon Envoy, this demon race powerhouse, one of the seven Demon Envoys under the Demon Monarch’s command, an existence that caused countless people to tremble in fear upon hearing his name, an existence that was enough to make children cry, had perished!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing the Seven Demon Envoy, Demon Envoy Greed. Reward: 1,500W EXP + 5000 Reputation! '

Ding… congratulations on completing the mandatory special triggering mission—Eliminate Greed Demon Envoy. Reward: [Gouyu Greed], [Demon Seed Greed]! '

Qin Luo Sheng had only just recovered from the mysterious state where he seemed to have merged with the consciousness of the human race. He ignored the so-called reward and looked at his left hand, which was still glistening with the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The light dissipated and starlight specks appeared.

The ancient battlefield that was originally completely dark, pitch-black, filled with despair and resentment was illuminated by this starlight.

"Thank you, young warrior!"

Countless words of gratitude were transmitted from these specks of starlight. They were precisely the human army souls that had been residing in this place all this time. When they were alive, they had exterminated the enemy bandits and suppressed their demonic souls even after death!

"I should be the one thanking you guys. Thank you!"

Although they were not from the same world, Qin Luo could empathize with him.

When I see them, it’s like I see the children and soldiers, the ones who carry the weight for us, the ones who are quietly offering their love to us in all places and in every corner in order to keep our years quiet.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

After a deep bow, Qin Luo Sheng took out the Soul Guiding Lamp. It swayed gently like a bell and opened the door to the Underworld.

"Rest in peace. In this life, your mission has been completed. The world from now on will be guarded by our generation."

Qin Luo said seriously, "The past you guys have protected the present us and given us a beautiful and peaceful world and life. This era is already as you wish. Let go of your worries and reincarnate."

"The current us will inherit your legacy and fight for the future.—— Isn't this how humans live? After living for dozens of years, we will hand everything over to the next generation, generation after generation. The responsibility in your hands will be handed over to us, and we will carry the responsibility. One day, this responsibility will also be handed over to the reincarnated future you."

A rain of light fell.

Dazzling starlight.

Qin Luo Sheng watched as the army souls dispelled their obsessions and entered the gates of the Underworld hand in hand with a smile. His heart surged and he could not calm down for a long time.

Ding… congratulations on completing the special hidden mission—Transcending Hero Spirit. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000, Military Merit + 5000! '

Ding… As your mission completion rate is extremely high, you have received an additional reward: [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] Evolution! '

The entire ancient battlefield finally calmed down.

Qin Luo Sheng stood on the spot for a long time before he managed to calm himself down.

"That's it? What a pity!"

He glanced at Sun Qing’s corpse and discovered that it had already turned into a deep pit. Not only had Sun Qing’s corpse disappeared, but even the large pile of spoils of war that he had obtained earlier had disappeared.

In the past, Qin Sheng would've flown into a rage. But now, because of the incident with the human army's soul, his emotions were surging and his mind was much calmer. He did not take it to heart.

"Other than the key, are the Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins still here?"

Leaping down from the pit, he searched around and found [Demon Palace Key (3)] and a bunch of miscellaneous items. As for equipment, they all disappeared.

Returning to the top of the deep pit, Qin Sheng found a relatively clean spot and sat down.

He took out the food and divided it into three portions. He ignored the gluttonous Littly and Qin Luo and continued eating his own food. At the same time, he saved time to check the spoils of war.

[Gouyu Greed]: Special item???

This was a piece of jade similar to a yin yang fish. It was completely black in color and had a warm touch to it. At the eye of the yin yang fish, the word ‘greed’ was carved into it. As expected, this should be something that the Avarice Demon Envoy had used to prove his identity. As for whether or not it was useful, that was unknown.

He threw it into his backpack.

[Demonic Seed Greed]: Special item. It can plant a Demonic Seed in a person or item and absorb the desire of [Greed] to grow!

Another special item.

And looking at the word "demonic seed", one could tell that it was definitely not something good.

Still.

Qin Luo did not care.

There were differences in the existence of power, such as water and fire, wind and thunder, but there was no distinction between kindness and evil.

As long as he could use the demonic seed Greed, he didn't mind using it.

Strength was power. So what if it was darkness? In the end, he was the one who controlled everything!

'Ding… Detected existence compatible with [Demon Seed Greed]. Do you want to fuse?'

A compatible existence?

Qin Luo opened it.

One was him planting this demonic seed in his heart.

One was a ghost mask, a legendary strange mask.

"Fuse the [Ghost Face]!"

Qin Luo Sheng chose the [Ghost Face] without any hesitation. Even though he was very confident in himself, it did not mean that he liked to test himself. What if he failed? Who could say for sure?

[Ghost Face (Fusion Energy: Greed)]

Type: Mask

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: None

Effect: Four basic attributes + 300, Luck -10, Tenacity + 20, Focus + 20

Special Effect: [Ghost Face] Ghost Face, Deviant Face. Wearing the Ghost Face, one can freely change one's information and hide oneself!

Additional Skill: [Ghost Face Doppelganger] has been used up. It can create a doppelganger created by you. It has independent information and identity. It can be controlled and commanded! Duration: Infinite (Consumes 500 Mana Points per second and doppelgangers are not allowed to leave 100 kilometers away from the main body). Cooldown: One day!

Additional Skill: [Ghost Face Enslavement] has been depleted. It will create a ghost mask and put it on the target's face. It can be controlled and used by you. Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

Additional Skill: [Greed] is depleted. It can magnify the greed in the target's heart infinitely! Every target is limited to one use!

Introduction: Ghostly faces are said to be based on human emotions. Joy, anger, sorrow, joy, greed, anger, infatuation, hatred, separation of love. It cannot be sought as the source, so it is sealed on the mask. After absorbing countless emotions, it gradually became evil and became a ghost mask. This is because it encompasses all human emotions. If you wear it, even if it is ominous, you can obtain other spiritual powers. You can disguise yourself as much as you want. There are thousands of faces and all kinds of hearts.