Chapter 567: Ice Area, Snake Cavern (1)

"The dog system has finally become a good person!"

Qin Qin Sheng was very satisfied.

Never would he have thought that a second stage mission would have such a pleasant surprise.

Since it was a wild dungeon, it was equivalent to the Demon Palace being eternal. It was unlike the Ice Shrine, which was a one-time mission. After completing it, the ice melted. The temple was gone, the monsters were gone, and the Boss was gone.

There was only one chance to complete the second stage mission. When the time was up, it was fine to complete it. If it failed, it would be gone.

However…

The Demon Palace still existed.

After killing all the monsters inside, there would still be more respawns. There would also be a chance to enter and obtain the Boss' Infinite Wheel.

‘ Of course.’

Back then, it wasn't like now.

The Bosses guarding the Demon Palace, such as Gongsun Zhuang and Sun Qing, could also escape from the Demon Palace.

There was also no plot like the Greedy Demon Envoy that possessed Sun Qing.

The dungeon had completely become a dungeon. All the facades, monsters, and BOSS had become mindless "robots". They would only move around according to the procedures. Conversations and so on were arranged clearly.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo exhaled heavily and pushed open the door of the Demon Palace. "Let's begin!"

"Ding… Congratulations on completing the first stage of the Special Class Advancement Mission [Demon Palace]. The second stage has been activated. Please take a look!"

As Qin Luo entered the Demon Palace and officially entered the dungeon area, or rather, the core area of the mission, the mission changed accordingly.

[Mission Title: Demon Palace

[Mission Introduction] After the siege of Mufeng City in the tower kingdom, the second commander of the royal family guarding Mufeng City was afraid of the emperor's condemnation. He was also afraid of the pursuit of the undead lich. He led his army to defect to the Dark Abyss. Because of the corrosion of darkness, everyone was demonized and established a dark force at the gate of the Dark Abyss—the Demon Palace, which stirred up endless slaughter.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Eliminate the peripheral forces of the Demon Palace (Completed); Stage Two—Eliminate the core forces of the Demon Palace (Completed)

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward] Successfully promoted to Second Stage Profession

[Punishment for Failure]

The peripheral forces should be referring to the monsters in the first half of the Dark Abyss.

As for the second stage, if there were no accidents, the so-called core strength should be the eight regions guarded by the eight Demon Kings, the mixed fish monsters.

Qin Luo Sheng flipped through another mission—[Ge Lin's Anticipation]. He discovered that the completion rate of the second stage mission had already soared to 42%. It was just a little more than 50%. It was quite good to receive the second stage reward.

"Ta Ta Ta…"

The interior of the Demon Palace was mainly dark red in color, and it was ghastly, cold, and without any lack of darkness or blood. Besides an unpleasant burnt smell, there was also a slightly rotten smell in the air. It was the rotten smell of corpses.

As he rode on Bing, Qin Sheng, who was walking on this frightening pathway, couldn't help but raise his spirits.

The inner region was different from the outside.

This was the enemy's lair. No one knew what traps there were. If they were not careful, they might fail miserably.

"Not a single guardian monster?"

After entering through the gate of the Demon Palace, it was not the spacious hall that he had imagined. Instead, it was a very narrow path that was only three meters wide. On top of it were piles of bones that had been crushed into pieces. Around it was an empty and smooth cliff. Below the path, there was magma rolling and burning.

They walked through the pathway in fear.

Qin Luo Sheng entered a wide area. At the end of this area were five forks.

"Interesting!"

Narrowing his eyes and looking at the five identical paths, Qin Sheng could not help but recall the information revealed by the little Boss who had committed suicide. "Eight Demon Kings, other than the Demon King Lin Xiao, who lives deep within the Demon Palace, the other Demon Kings are each guarding an area and guarding the Demon Palace!"

Of course, it was impossible for seven Demon Kings to exist among the five forks.

There were five Demon Kings here, and the remaining two were Lin Xiao’s lovers. The area they were in should be very close to the Demon Lord Palace, so it was normal that they weren’t here.

The other one was a lone ranger. The area he was guarding was the outer area of the Demon King Lin Xiao's Demon King Palace. The inner area was like the emperor's King's Guard, protecting the palace and not Lin Xiao's Demon King Palace which was similar to a harem.

"Which one should I choose?"

The five forks were actually all the same. In any case, the mission could only be completed after all of them were cleared. Furthermore, they had to kill the guardian BOSS and obtain the key for safekeeping before they could open the door to the inner court and Demon Lord Palace.

"This one then!"

Qin Sheng should have been extremely exhausted after killing his way here from the outer region and engaging in consecutive battles with the Fifth Demon King, Gongsun Zhuang, and the Third Demon King, Sun Qing. In addition, the unexpected guest had greedily joined the Demon Envoy.

However…

Yi Wood Revival, this BUG skill, solved all problems perfectly.

Not only did Qin Luo get rid of the fatigue on his body, but his tired spirit was also replenished due to the infiltration of his vitality. Even if he did not reach his limits and reach fullness, as long as he did not encounter too troublesome existences like the Demon Envoy of Greed, it should not be a big problem if he did not activate the Dragon's Blood Death and Indestructible Battle Intent that had great side effects.

They sped along.

The wide path and the trust he had in himself made Qin Luo fearless of traps and sneak attacks.

With teleportation, flight ability, and immunity to mental control, why would he be afraid of traps?

This was not a tiger's den.

It was just an [S] class instance dungeon. There was no need to be too nervous.

As for sneak attacks…

That was even more ridiculous.

Now.

Even if the Demon King guarding the Boss personally took action, it was impossible to kill him in one hit. Furthermore, it was impossible for a Guardian Boss to appear in the area ahead. At most, it would be a small monster.

Take a step back.

Even if there was an existence that could insta-kill him and the resurrection ability of the [Life Prayer], he had not used it three times a day. What was there to be afraid of?

They walked for a few minutes without any problems.

Suddenly.

The scene changed.

“This is? The Icy Area?”

Looking at the ice and snow in front of him, Qin Sheng thought for a moment and summarized the information he had gathered. He immediately understood which area he had chosen.

Six Demon King Xu Lin, former fifth general of the second army, Military Advisor. Because he swallowed the Dark Frost Python's inner core, he awakened the power of ice crystals and guarded the Ice Area. The guardian monster inside was the Frost Python!

"Is the guardian monster an ice python?"

Qin Luo Sheng carefully stepped into the region of ice and snow. The bone-chilling cold made him shiver unconsciously.

Although the cold here could not be compared to the Tear Snow Village, let alone the Ice Goddess's base, the Ice Shrine, at that time, with the blessing of the Flower Goddess, she was immune to the negative effects of the cold and did not feel anything.

Now.

He was carrying it with his own body. It was completely different.