Chapter 564: Revival Of The Army And Cleansing The Demons

As expected of the Demon Envoy of Greed.

Since it was called greed, its origin power was naturally the most famous manipulation and temptation of darkness abilities. It guided the desire in the hearts of other living beings to rapidly expand and deepen the terrifying desire of one of the Seven Deadly Sins.

As long as anyone or any living being had a desire in their heart, they would naturally be unable to avoid the existence of greed. They would then be caught by it and magnified, achieving their goal and using greed to destroy its heart.

However!

This time.

The avaricious Demon Envoy’s never-ending methods were destined to disappoint.

"How boring!"

The clear shout left the Avarice Demon Envoy stunned.

The black smoke dissipated.

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and puffed out his chest, revealing his figure. There was nothing unusual about him, nor was he affected at all. His mind was still clear and his eyes clear.

"Impossible, this is impossible…"

The avaricious Demon Envoy’s eyes widened, his mouth agape.

"You want to control me mentally? You're still too inexperienced!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Those with the Medal of Courage could be ignored.

Any DEBUFF on the spiritual side was completely useless.

“Die, greedy Demon Envoy!”

As he looked at the Demon Envoy of Greed, who had broken free from Sun Qing's corpse and returned to his soul form, Qin Sheng slashed at him with his sword. "Your era has long passed. Turn into soil and nourish this land that you once harmed. Pay for your sins!"

"You!"

The Avaricious Demon Envoy angrily roared. After absorbing the endless power of darkness, he chose this moment to completely release it.

Buzz…

A rich energy boom sounded.

The avaricious Demon Envoy crazily swallowed up all of it. With the help of the pure power of darkness, his soul gradually condensed, wanting to create something out of nothing and reform his body.

"To do this right under my nose, is it a broken jar, or is he looking down on me?"

Qin Luo's twin swords slashed wildly as he shouted, "Watch me, Mighty Heavenly Dragon!"

"Bastard!"

The Avarice Demon Envoy grit his teeth, his demonic eyes turning blood red, his eyes filled with savage blood vessels.

He was resisting!

He was prepared to withstand the terrifying damage caused by the Divine Flames. Even if it would cause the reconstruction of his body to be incomplete and imperfect, he had no other choice now.

If it was just now, he wouldn't even have made this choice.

It was also because of this period of time when he possessed Sun Qing that he was able to delay for a long time and absorb quite a bit of the power of darkness, causing his body to become stronger. Even though the divine power of the holy flames landed on his body, the pain of his soul being torn apart did not decrease at all, but at least the degree of damage was reduced and he would not be easily chopped into pieces.

"This guy!"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng started to panic.

If the Avarice Demon Envoy really managed to survive, then that would be a tragedy for him.

Possessing Sun Qing's corpse was already invincible. If not for the fact that he had buried a hole in it and used the Li Water to corrode it, controlling the blood through the wound to directly destroy his body, even the dark armor would not be able to break through it.

If he really allowed this fellow to form his own physical body, wouldn't that mean that he would directly surrender and admit defeat?

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Qin Luo Sheng continued to slash ferociously as if he had gone mad. Streaks of golden sword qi fell down one after another, accurately striking Demon Envoy Greed.

Except.

This guy resisted with all his might.

Even though he was howling in pain and his eyes were bulging, he had no intention of retreating.

"Hahahaha… Are you happy now? You only have this short period of time. When this lord's physical body is successfully forged, this lord will return the damage you have inflicted on this lord tenfold or even a hundredfold!"

The avaricious Demon Envoy laughed maniacally. “I’ll slaughter you and offer you to the heavens. I’ll swallow the blood of the True Dragon and Qilin to further solidify my body and restore my strength. It won’t be long before I’ll be able to truly return. I’ll smash open the gap between the human world and the demonic realm, allowing the demon army to return to this continent. My demon race is destined to become the masters of this land, and you will become our slaves and food! Jejejejeje…”

"Dream on!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes were blood red as he exerted strength in his arms. His muscles bulged as he watched his body gradually take shape. At this moment, the Demon Envoy of Greed, who was feeling proud of himself and thought that victory was in his grasp, gritted his teeth and said furiously, "F*ck, you forced me!"

Heaven Crushing Strike!

This was Qin Luo's final trump card.

The Undead Lich that was previously used to kill the Moon God's Glory turned into ashes with a single strike. Not even ashes were left.

Seven days had passed since the trip to the Moon God Temple.

At this moment.

Sky Slash's cooldown was over. It could be used!

"Using the Heaven-Breaking Slash to save one's life and the upgrade of the Starlight Blessing, I don't believe that a mere trash demon can resist my ultimate slash!"

He did as he was told.

Qin Sheng couldn't care less about what would happen in the future. If he couldn't even pass this trial, how could he enter the Demon Palace and kill the eight Demon Kings?

Buzz…

Yet.

Qin Sheng did not wait for Qin Luo to begin his actions and execute his final strike. Suddenly, the mountains shook and the earth shook. After the Avaricious Demon Envoy awakened the remnant souls of the ancient Demonic Armament, another change occurred.

"This is…"

Qin Luo Sheng widened his eyes and looked around with a burning gaze. The bones of the countless human race warriors were glistening brightly at this moment.

"Light!"

Qin Luo roared excitedly, "This is the light of humanity! The soul of the human warriors' belief in protection has been revived!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Boundless and resplendent rays of light shone, transforming into meteors that seemed to be dragging their tails as they brazenly poured into the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier in his left hand!

“With the souls of our armies, we shall restore the glory of humanity and cleanse the demons!—Fight!”

With a single word, the mountains collapsed and the earth split.

Attack Power + 560!

Attack Power + 2560!

Attack Power + 4560!

Attack Power + 8560!

Attack Power + 16,560!

…

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldiers], which had a weak foundation due to the level restriction, was strengthened and upgraded under the integration of countless army souls. Finally—

Attack Power + 128,560!

Basic attack power broke through 100,000 great barriers!

"No, that's impossible. You ants have been dead for over ten thousand years. Why…"

Greed Demon Envoy cried out, his hideous eyes filled with fear.

"Why?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered and replied, "If you demons are awakened by resentment, then why can't we, the human warriors, be revived by our belief in protection?—Demon Envoy Greed, when your demon race was defeated by my human race, your ancestors risked life and limb like this. How can we, the juniors, disgrace the honor of our seniors and throw away the great empire that they have protected with their lives?"

"Today, I, Weeping Soul Beast, will kill you here and officially declare war on the demons."

"You want the devil race to attack the mainland again? Dream on! With me around, your devil race can forget about stepping on this land."

“You’re just the beginning. One of your races once invaded this land. If you dare invade again, I’ll slaughter you if you come. If two come, I’ll kill two.”

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep look at the avaricious demonic envoy. The expression in his eyes was unprecedentedly serious. "Perhaps, one day, when I have the ability, I will personally make a trip to the demonic realm and kill all of you cruel dregs, destroying your entire clan—exterminating your seed!"