Chapter 566: Demon Palace

Nothing else had changed.

However…

An additional skill.

Greed.

His name was just like his will, it could magnify the greed in his heart.

It was infinitely magnified!

The brief introduction made Qin Luo shudder.

This skill was definitely on the same level as the power of laws. In a sense, it was even more terrifying than laws.

Qin Sheng put on the Ghost Face again and shifted his gaze to the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier on his left hand!

[Hundred Wars Blood Soldier (+ 7)]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 42 / 50

Effect: Attack + 1680 (+ 2800), Strength + 100

Enhancement Reward: + 70% Physical Attack (This condition is limited to improving the weapon's attack). + 7 Enhancement: When attacking, there is a 5% chance of doubling the damage of the attack!

Special Effect: [Hundred Battles] has been through hundreds of battles and is invincible. During battle, focus + 5, willpower + 10. As time passes, physical attack power will gradually increase. Every three seconds, it will increase by 1%, up to 100%!

Special Effect: [Blood Soldier] has been stained with a large amount of blood. It has been reduced from a Spirit Soldier to a Blood Soldier. When unsheathed, it will drink blood. + 30% Life-Steal effect!

Additional Skill: [Backwater War] consumes 80% of its current health to supply [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Awakens [Blood Demon] buff, increases 100% physical attack power, 100% Life-Steal effect, + 8 m attack range! After activating this state, [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] is unable to use skills and can only use normal attacks. At the same time, the normal attacks will have a certain fear, shock, and tearing chance! Duration: 5 minutes! Cooldown: 24 hours!

Endowment: [Army Breaks Through] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. The damage is increased by 100% for a long time. When battle intent is released, the damage will be increased by another 100%. At the same time, all attacks have the power of the Army Breaks Through. One: Break. It has the effect of breaking. Two: Break. Ignore the target's defense!

Introduction: Originally, it was a spirit weapon. It was forged by the royal family as a Grandmaster Blacksmith. The emperor bestowed it to a general under his command. Because there were too many massacres on the battlefield, it drank blood and gradually became a blood soldier. Only a general filled with murderous aura could control it.

The effects were enhanced, and the basic attack was X3. The enhancement reward was also here. However, it was a little ridiculous when compared to the [Coiling Dragon Water] + 10 skill!

It was the same for [Back to the Water].

Most importantly, the evolution of the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] had removed the level restriction.

The original [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] required Level 10!

According to the Enhanced Rule, Level 10 was equivalent to the level of a player in the First Cycle, and the grade was 1!

Then according to the formula, the enhancement received was—Epic 80 * grade = 80 * 1 + 7, multiplied by 7,560 Physical Attack enhancement!

But once it was like the [Coiling Dragon Water], there was no level restriction.

This became—80x5x7 = 2800, increasing 2,800 Attacks!

Shuang ~

Ding… Your amplification skill Dragon Blood Burnt effect has ended. You have entered a weakened state. Duration: One day! '

Qin Sheng, who was in a good mood and eating heartily, suddenly shuddered. His face turned pale at a speed visible to the naked eye, and his spirit that had just been full became much weaker.

"Although this is not the first time, the burden of all the skills combined is really too much!"

First, it was the Undying Battle Intent, then the Dragon's Blood Igniting Death. These two skills were powerful, but after using them, the damage to the body and spirit was also top-notch.

For the first time, he slept for a whole day before he regained his strength. Even though he did not use it now, he was still dominating the world one second ago. The next moment, he was like a deflated balloon. The difference was huge and it was very uncomfortable.

‘ Of course.’

That was the previous state, but it wouldn't happen now.

"Yi Wood Revival!"

He pressed his hand against his chest and a green light flashed. Thick life force poured into his body. Instantly, Qin Sheng's exhausted body and spirit recovered to their peak state.

"Comfortable!"

This time, he didn’t even need to eat food, because his hunger level had also been maxed out with the recovery of Yi Mu.

"Tsk tsk, what a perpetual motion machine!"

Qin Luo praised loudly, "If we don't carry out intense exercise like forging iron and killing monsters to maintain the minimum consumption, we can survive even without eating!"

After resting for a while and waiting for Xiao-Xiao and Bing Bing to eat their fill, Qin Sheng led another person on the journey.

The matter of the ancient battlefield had been resolved. The last line of defense that lay outside the Demon Palace had completely collapsed. Now, they could charge straight in and attack the yellow dragon.

Ding… congratulations on discovering Special Dungeon in the Wilderness—[Demon Palace]. Evaluation: S, Reputation + 1000! '

He walked to the entrance of the Demon Palace and looked at the bronze door that seemed to have been dyed a dark red due to too much blood. It was filled with resentment and evilness. Qin Luo Sheng stretched out his hand and was about to push it open. However, just as his hand touched the door, the system's notification sounded abruptly.

What the heck?

The Demon Palace was actually a wilderness dungeon?

Qin Luo was stunned.

Previously, he was still secretly unhappy because this extremely long Second Stage Professional mission had caused him to be restricted here, unable to find the wild dungeons that had been promoted after the system had just updated.

You have to know.

The official dungeon did not matter. Anyone could enter it. There were corresponding quests to accept every day. It was a benefit for players.

However, this popular dungeon was still fresh at the start. Once it went on for a long time, especially after the players took away the one and only reward, it would become a daily occurrence for the players. It would become a place to complete quests and obtain EXP. There would no longer be any passion. After all, after many rounds of grinding, even if the official dungeon had a guarantee, the drop rate would still be terrible.

In comparison.

The wild dungeons were different.

Even though the drop rate and the grade of the dropped equipment would drop drastically if they farmed too much, there was no guarantee. Perhaps in the end, all of them would be gradeless white equipment and the lowest grade black iron equipment. However, they could not resist the fact that there was no owner in the wild dungeons. It was unknown and mysterious.

“Once you find a wilderness instance dungeon, it will be yours alone.

This was equivalent to finding a treasure, a treasure that could be unearthed continuously. Who wouldn't like it?

Take a step back.

"Even if you don't have the ability to clear the dungeon, you can sell it in exchange for a lifetime of money.

For example, the Demon Palace in front of Qin Sheng was rated an S-rank dungeon. The output was unimaginable.

If it was sold, it would cost at least 10 million yuan, and it was even a friendly price!

After all.

In an [S] class dungeon, other than the other miscellaneous items such as experience points, materials, Augmenting Gems that were currently the most popular and in short supply, there was a high chance that the BOSS here would drop an Epic equipment. It was worth that price!

"The dog system has finally become a good person!"