Chapter 568: Ice Area, Snake Cavern (2)

"Hu… How cold!"

Qin Luo Sheng exhaled into his hand. The warm breath landed on his palm, warming his frozen fingers a little.

“Good, good. After completing the Ice Goddess Shrine’s mission and receiving the blessing of the Goddess of Ice, my resistance to ice has increased by quite a bit. I won’t run around naked, but I can still offset a portion of it. Otherwise, this ice cold energy will be able to reduce my combat strength by more than half.”

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the 30% ice resistance in the stats window.

Except.

Ice resistance immunity was equivalent to a percentage of ice damage, but it was very ineffective against the invasion of cold air!

"The environment is too unfavorable!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "It's fine if it's short, but if it's too long and too much cold air enters one's body, it'll greatly affect one's mobility. At that time, one's entire body will be stiff. Who knows, one might lose without even walking to the side of the guardian Boss Xu Lin and become the ice python's meal."

Cold!

Cold!

Cold!

Qin Luo's eyes lit up as he snapped his fingers excitedly.

"I can't change the terrain. Can't I change myself?"

With a swipe of his finger, Qin Sheng opened the virtual trading platform that he had not seen for a long time. He clicked on the search bar and entered the two key words "Cold Resistance". The search immediately displayed a large amount of information.

"As long as we have equipment or elixirs that can resist the cold, the problem will be solved. Even if we have to sacrifice some attributes or something, it's completely acceptable."

He yawned at his palm again, and Qin Sheng slid the virtual interface to search for what he needed. "This Xu Lin is just a military counselor. His brain might be quite good, but in terms of actual combat strength, he's definitely slightly inferior to a battle-type Demon King. His weakness attribute is that he has less attack and defense. It doesn't matter much. I can still kill him."

Qin Luo quickly found what he needed.

[Fire Fox Cloak] was a special equipment that only increased its defense by a little. In comparison, it was similar to a level 30 Iron-grade equipment. However, it was very beautiful and had a very good appearance. Moreover, it had a special characteristic that could resist the cold.

Required gold coins: 30,000!

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck you DJ!

What a shady character!

This thing cost 30,000 gold coins?

Even if the gold coins slipped down again, it had already fallen past three digits. It was almost the exchange rate of more than 80 RMB!

In total, it was still over 200,000 yuan!

Two hundred thousand for a useless piece of equipment?

This seller was really a lunatic. No wonder no one showed interest even after setting it up for nearly a week.

"Purchase successful!"

But.

When encountering true need, just as Qin Sheng was doing now, what could he do?

She had no choice but to buy it.

Tsk!

Pay, settle, take it out.

After three consecutive times, a beautiful fiery-red cloak appeared in Qin Sheng's backpack.

Without hesitation, he took off the [Skeleton Armor] and put on the [Fire Fox Cloak]!

Ah…

Comfortable! Comfortable!

How warm!

The 30,000 gold coins were well spent.

Although it was not as valuable as ordinary water, was the water in the rainforest comparable to the water in the desert?

In the Icy Area, this [Fire Fox Cloak] was a life-saving item. It could not even be compared to the supreme-grade gold armor [Bone Armor]!

"Just the [Fire Fox Cloak] won't do!"

Qin Qin continued flipping.

However, this time, he chose to classify the equipment accurately and abandoned it.

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng found something suitable again.

[Psionic Grass Pill], middle grade pill, increases 10% ice resistance, reduces 30% cold abnormally, one pill lasts for 10 minutes, asking price: 50 gold coins!

There was nothing to say.

He would buy ten of them directly!

Qin Luo, who was currently the biggest drug dealer in the world, naturally did not reject this price. He was used to scamming others and had nothing to say about being cheated.

With his current wealth, this bit of spending was child's play.

However…

Money was money, and the rich were not fools. They could squander and be extravagant, but they could not buy a bunch of useless players with extremely outrageous sexual value and be fools.

On top of that, Qin Sheng had not completely changed his mindset. He still had a trace of a loser's personality, which was why his heart ached so much.

If they were to take it seriously,

Thirty thousand gold coins and five hundred gold coins, what was that?

With his current assets, Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilion + Nine Food Immortals would be worth more than an hour if his business was good.

"Ding… You have consumed the Spirit Grass Pill. It increases your resistance to ice by 10% and reduces your coldness by 30%. Lasts for 10 minutes!"

Shuang ~

External [Fire Fox Cloak] + Internal [Nether Grass Pill]!

Qin Luo Sheng instantly felt warm all over. The threatening cold aura from before had already been mostly removed. Even though it was a little cold now, it had already been reduced to an acceptable level. Most importantly, other than changing his [Skeleton Armor] and lowering his defense, it had no effect on his combat abilities at all.

"Let's go, Bing Bing!"

He patted the somewhat active ice princess, Qin Luo, who was riding on her and continuing forward.

"Roar!"

After taking a few steps, Xiaoxiao, who was sleeping on his shoulder, suddenly opened her eyes and called softly by Qin Sheng's ear.

“Any monsters?”

Qin Luo naturally trusted his little warning.

As a member of the Dragon Tribe, his vigilance and sharpness were far beyond that of humans.

In this ice and snow land, in this plain white environment, there were too many existences that used the terrain to deceive one's vision. The most famous one was the chameleon.

This was the virtual game world, and it was far from what the real world could compare to. In such a place, anything strange could happen. Anything inconceivable would be normal.

"So it's there, hidden quite deeply!"

Qin Luo followed his tiny vision and observed. Sure enough, there was a living creature lurking in the seemingly normal place, an unknown living creature.

"Bing Bing, be careful!"

Rubbing Bing Bing's head, the latter understood what he meant. He let out a soft hiss and approached quietly.

Because Qin Sheng and the others had restrained their auras and the living creature was perhaps sleeping, it did not notice the arrival of an uninvited guest and was pressing closer towards him step by step.

Probing skill!

When he reached an effective range, Qin Sheng activated the detection technique without hesitation. Instantly, the monster's information came back.

[Ice Python (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 35

Health: 800,000

Mana: 10,000

Physical Attack: 7000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 2000

Skills:???

Introduction: A creature that lives in an icy environment. It has a huge body and sharp teeth. It is not poisonous. The snake skin has a high resistance to cold and a high defense. The snake gallbladder is a great supplement. It can warm the body and temporarily increase its resistance to ice!