Chapter 577: Deal, Blood Of The Dragon God (1)

"Indeed, it's like eating a person's mouth. This favor is too big!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

But he did not regret it.

If he were to choose again, he would definitely drink this Shock Dragon Tea.

Not to mention that it would be very beneficial to his future, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform was getting closer. Facing a great enemy like the Black Dragon King and the Dragon Abyss, he had racked his brains and tried everything he could to increase his strength. He could not reject the powerful upgrade of the Terrifying Dragon Tea.

"Drink it, it's already like this anyway!"

As the saying went, there were many things that could only be done 0 times and no more. Even if he had already drunk the Terrifying Dragon Tea, Qin Sheng would no longer have any psychological burden. Even if he did not have any attribute bonuses after drinking it, ignoring this, the Terrifying Dragon Tea was still a top-notch existence. The fragrance of the tea permeated the air, making one feel relaxed and happy. After taking a sip, the aftertaste was endless. It could be said to be a supreme enjoyment.

"How is it? How does the tea taste?"

For a long time.

The man and the dragon finally put down their teacups.

"Insufficient talent and shallow knowledge. It's simply indescribable!"

In the face of the Dragon Emperor's question, Qin Sheng thought for a long time but could not think of how to describe the ethereal feeling that he had when his mind was empty like he was swimming in the sea of stars. He could only raise his thumb and express his inner thoughts in this most primitive manner.

"Hahaha…"

The Dragon Emperor laughed loudly. "It's good that the Dragon Lord likes it!… Even though the production of this Dragon Shocking Tea is extremely low, I've accumulated some over the years. I don't have any more, but I can still divide out one or two catties. I'll give it to the Dragon Lord!"

"He's here, he's here, he's here!"

Qin Luo Sheng was all smiles and looked pleasantly surprised. However, alarm bells were ringing in his heart as he became extremely vigilant.

Damn it.

They did not come with good intentions!

Should he accept such a generous gift?

Accept, I owe a huge favor!

This debt of gratitude was the hardest to repay since ancient times!

If he didn't accept it, wouldn't he be letting down the goodwill of others and might even be mistaken for looking down on them?

Wasn't this equivalent to rejecting good intentions and directly becoming enemies?

Tsk!

This was a dead end!

Whether he answered or not, it was not a good path.

Except.

Compared to directly offending the Dragon Emperor, it was wiser to accept it.

If he did not accept it, it would be revenge!

If he accepted it, the two parties would be able to get in touch with each other. They could barely be considered as one of their own. Perhaps there would be benefits in the future.

To the end.

This guy was also the Dragon Emperor, the master of Dragon Island!

Not only was his identity extraordinary, his strength was extraordinary as well. Furthermore, he had lived for so many years. Who would believe that he didn't have any good items on hand?

"I dare not decline the offer of an elder. If that's the case, I'll be ashamed to accept it!"

Since he had made up his mind, Qin Sheng no longer pretended to refuse and accepted it directly.

"The Dragon Lord is truly a wonderful person!"

The Dragon Emperor was also slightly surprised to see Qin Sheng being so understanding. The set of words he had prepared earlier were completely dead in the womb.

"Dragon Emperor is too polite. Just call me Weeping Soul Beast!"

Since he had already accepted the Dragon Emperor's good intentions, not to mention being tied to the same boat, at least their relationship had improved greatly. Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not want to be too distant.

"Alright! I'm a few years older, so I'll call you Brother Weeping Soul!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face twitched.

Saying that I'm a wonderful person?

I'll f * * king look at you!

Was this the Dragon Monarch?

Was this the big boss?

Is this what politicians are like?

It was indeed extraordinary.

Awesome!

Just based on his thick skin and his ability to beat up snakes with a stick, it was difficult for us younger brothers to catch up!

"Back then, the date of the agreement between you and Long Yuan was about to arrive. You have already surpassed the minimum limit. I wonder if you are confident!"

The way he addressed him was quite smooth. Moreover, he did not feel awkward at all.

"To be honest, it's not ideal!"

Since the Dragon Emperor had brought the topic here, Qin Sheng naturally understood what he meant and continued the conversation. "The minimum agreed upon back then was to reach Level 30 and Second Stage Profession very quickly. However, in terms of strength, even if Long Yuan suppressed his strength to the same level as mine, he is still the Black Dragon King after all. He also has the body of a dragon and has lived for countless years. Just relying on experience alone is not something I can compare to. In this battle, my chances of winning should be less than 10%!"

"That would be difficult!"

The Dragon Emperor also sighed and said, “Originally, when little brother obtained the Dragon God’s acknowledgement, you were the Dragon Lord. In terms of status, you are even higher than Long Yuan. However, the Dragon Clan has its own rules. The Terrifying Dragon Platform was approved by the Dragon God. Without the Dragon God’s permission, within the Dragon Island, the entire Dragon Clan, even I, am unable to object.”

Qin Luo remained silent.

"Brother, what are your plans?"

The Dragon Monarch asked.

"Fight to the death!"

Qin Luo was filled with fighting spirit and determination.

"Good will!"

The Dragon Monarch praised, “It’s just that, it’s not that I’m trying to pour cold water on you, but the difference between you and Long Yuan is too great.”

"Please teach me!"

Qin Luo asked sincerely.

"Time is of the essence. There is nothing we can do in the short term. Unless—"

The Dragon Emperor was very satisfied when he saw Qin Sheng being so "enlightened". He said, "Unless you put in effort on external matters!"

"There are many ways to increase one's strength quickly. For example, swallowing natural treasures, walking techniques, or getting enhancements from equipment, etc!"

The Dragon Monarch explained, “It’s just that the increase in strength from a natural treasure requires time to consolidate and digest it. Otherwise, if you’re unable to control the strength that doesn’t belong to you once you obtain it, it will instead drag you down, and you might even be unable to bring out your original combat strength. Moreover, doing this is equivalent to pulling a sapling to help it grow, and it’s very disadvantageous to the future. It’s easy to cause your foundation to be unstable, and it’s difficult to break through the shackles!”

“External techniques are basically heretical and crooked methods. By burning one’s life force, burning one’s foundation, burning one’s potential, and so on, one can receive a certain amount of strength within a certain period of time, obtaining a tremendous increase in strength. There is also the so-called demonic cultivator, using the blood of living beings, souls, resentment, and other negative emotions as the foundation, borrowing them to increase one’s self. However, this is not tolerated by the orthodox path, and cannot be taken.”

"In this case, there is only one way—to work hard on equipment!"

Qin Luo understood.

"So, after talking for so long, you want to support my equipment? This is in line with my thoughts."

Qin Sheng had long thought of this method.

Compared to the first two methods proposed by the Dragon Emperor, Qin Sheng still placed his hopes on the third.

Nothing else.

Even Qin Sheng did not know how to use those two methods!

Genius treasure?

No!

External Dao techniques?

No!

Sigh!

Tears of poverty flowed down…

As a player.

Increase strength.

Other than leveling up, obtaining Skill Books, and updating equipment, what else was there?

Gone!

Except.

It was easier said than done for newbies who did not have any foundation. It was easier said than done to use equipment to increase their strength!

Qin Luo did not.

However…

The Dragon Monarch did!

As such,

The foundation of the deal was achieved!