Chapter 576: Dragon Emperor'S Invitation, Divine Dragon Shocking Tea

After resting for more than an hour.

Qin Luo once again went to the neighboring system's medicine shop to get a batch of potions. Mixing them with the equipment he had collected, as well as the spoils of war he had just identified, he frantically used the Starlight Miracle.

The potions were placed on the shelves, and the low-end equipment was thrown to the NPC appraiser for him to appraise and sell. As for the pile of Gold and Low-Level Epic equipment, they were added to the unfinished tour exhibition and auction.

After doing all of this, Qin Luo returned to Luo Shen Residence. After interacting with Mengmeng, he dragged his exhausted body and crushed the returning scroll from Dragon City.

"Lord Dragon Lord is well!"

Before Qin Sheng could skillfully head towards the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion to get the goods, a guard walked over and said respectfully, "The Dragon Emperor has feelings!"

“Dragon Monarch?”

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly taken aback.

Ever since he made an agreement with Long Yuan, half a month had passed. Every time he came to the Dragon City, other than buying potions, there was nothing else. It was like playing standalone games.

“Why is the Dragon Monarch looking for me at this time?”

Qin Luo followed the guard who led the way to the Dragon Emperor Palace. His mind was racing as he tried to guess the Dragon Emperor's purpose.

With the Dragon Monarch’s identity and status, even if he was the so-called Dragon Lord right now, strength was still the most important thing in this world. The difference in strength between him and the Dragon Monarch was simply like the difference between heaven and earth. Furthermore, the Dragon Monarch was the ruler of the Dragon Island, so he didn’t have the time to look for him.

"Forget it. I can't guess what these big shots are thinking. I'll just waste my brain cells!"

Shaking his head, Qin Sheng looked at the majestic Dragon Emperor Palace that was already within reach and stopped thinking about it. "Ever since I passed the Dragon God Hall's test and obtained the recognition of the Dragon God, I obtained the [Dragon God's Order]. With the Dragon Lord's status, I'm on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor. No matter what other dragons think of me, who would dare to act rashly on the surface? If they don't submit to me, that means they don't submit to the Dragon God. In a race with strict hierarchy like the Dragon Race, it's no different from courting death."

“Although the Dragon Monarch is the ruler of Dragon Island and Dragon City, he is still only an emperor in the end. How can he be compared to the Dragon God who created the Dragon Clan? This is not like the real world. The so-called gods are merely an imaginary emotional attachment or a totem. They truly exist. Who in the Dragon Clan would have the guts to go against the Dragon God who is like a Creation God?”

"Of course, other than that fellow Long Yuan. After all, before he became the Dragon Lord, he had already formed a death grudge with this idiot and it could not be resolved. If he did not fight with all his might, his outcome would definitely be incomparably miserable. Even so, someone as tyrannical as him would not dare to disrespect the Dragon God or the Divine Oracle. He could only take a step back and use the Dragon God as an excuse, the Terrifying Dragon Platform of the Dragon Clan's faith, to gamble his life."

Qin Luo took a deep breath and walked to the entrance of the Dragon Emperor Hall with a heavy heart.

"Lord Dragon Lord, please enter. Lord Dragon Emperor is waiting for you inside. Xiaolong will take his leave first!"

The guard bowed respectfully and left.

“No matter what the Dragon Emperor’s intentions are, even if it’s the worst case scenario, he wouldn’t dare to do anything to me on the surface. Moreover, perhaps he’s looking for me for something good! Hu… steady, steady, steady. Whether it’s good or bad, I don’t know. I must not panic. I have a pessimistic heart. If the happy occasion turns into a funeral, then that would truly be a tragedy.”

He pushed open the door.

Qin Luo once again entered the Dragon Imperial Palace.

This was not the first time he was here. When he passed the Dragon God Trial, he was lying here when he woke up after falling unconscious. He still remembered that there was an extremely beautiful Dragoness serving him at that time. Her name seemed to be Damask, and she had a very artistic name.

"Little friend, you're here. Come quickly, sit here!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng, a smile instantly appeared on the Dragon Emperor's somewhat serious face, and he invited Qin Sheng to take a seat.

"You're so passionate? Your smile is very sincere too. It seems like it's not a bad thing!"

Qin Luo, who had long been wary, took in the Dragon Emperor's performance and heaved a sigh of relief. However, he did not completely relax.

As the saying goes, one who is unaccountably solicitous is hiding evil intentions.

Even though Qin Luo knew that there was nothing worthy of the Dragon Emperor's attention and scheming, there was nothing to be afraid of.

Qin Qin was neither arrogant nor belittling himself.

After all.

Ever since he signed a contract with Xiaoxiao and was highly regarded by the Dragon God, he naturally had a lofty status.

Under such conditions, perhaps the Dragon Emperor would not curry favor with him, but he would still think highly of him.

Besides.

Who said that he was not worthy of being schemed against by the Dragon Emperor?

One must know that after passing the Dragon God Trial, the reward given by the Dragon God was the Dragon Emperor’s incomparably coveted Dragon God’s blood and Dragon God’s scales. If not for the support of the Dragon God and the identity of the Dragon Lord, he would have long been torn apart by those incomparably greedy big shots of the dragon race.

In this world where bloodlines were supreme, especially the dragon race that had been passed down from ancient times, their bloodlines had long become thin. If they could obtain the blood of the Dragon God of the Ancestral Dragon and evolve their own bloodlines, at least their own strength would advance by a huge step. Even the Dragon Emperor, whose strength stood at the peak of the world, could not resist such temptation.

"Damask, long time no see!"

Looking at the beautiful Dragon Lady, Qin Sheng greeted her with a smile. After the Damask King left with a slight blush on his face, he looked at the Dragon Emperor and went straight to the point. "What business do you have with me, Dragon Emperor?"

"Dragon Lord, don't be anxious. This is a special product of our Dragon Island. It grows on the peak of the Terrifying Dragon Mountain. It only produces a few catties of spiritual tea every hundred years. It's very rare and has all sorts of miraculous effects. This is the best time to drink it. Don't waste it. Drink first, drink first!"

The Dragon Emperor raised his teacup and spoke for a while. Without waiting for Qin Sheng's reply, he took a sip and closed his eyes, his face filled with enjoyment.

"He's here. F*ck, he even took out this kind of spiritual tea to entertain us. There's definitely nothing good going to happen next!"

Even though Qin Luo Sheng was also affected by the unique fragrance of the tea that continuously drifted into his nose, causing his mind to sway and his mouth to be filled with saliva, it was difficult for him to control himself. Even though he knew that eating a person's mouth was short and that person's hands were soft, he could not care less. He immediately picked up the teacup and took a sip.

"Ding… you have tasted the Terrifying Dragon Tea. Health Points permanently + 20%, Mana Points permanently + 20%, Health Recovery Speed + 10%, Mana Recovery Speed + 10%, Strength + 100, Constitution + 100, Agility + 100, Spirit + 100, Luck + 2, Charm + 2, Toughness + 2, Enlightenment + 2, Focus + 2! (Only effective for the first time)"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Holy shit!!!

What kind of immortal tea was this?

Even the legendary elixirs were nothing much, right?

The four basic attributes + 100, the five special attributes, other than Charm, the other four attributes + 2, that was not mentioned for now.

However…

+ 20% Life Magic percentage, + 10% Recovery Speed, this was too scary!

Permanent amplification of percentages. The more advanced it was, the better the foundation, and the greater the value.

Even at his current level, he was only level 40 and not even a third-promotion. He was far from the so-called late-stage. However, Qin Luo Sheng, who was supported by many pieces of equipment, had a terrifying bonus.

"Indeed, it's like eating a person's mouth. This favor is too big!"