Chapter 579: Tricks And Tricks, Hunters And Prey

The Dragon God's blood had been obtained, and the Dragon God's Scale, even though it was not like the Dragon God's blood, which could improve the purity of one's own bloodline, was still a rare treasure. The dragon race, which had abnormal persistence and admiration for the Dragon God, was even more obsessed. Even if it was just a scale of the Dragon God, it was still the same.

"This treasure, like the blood of the Dragon God, was bestowed by the Dragon God!"

Qin Luo said with a smile, "It has unbelievable wonders. It's a pity that I'm not knowledgeable enough and my abilities are insufficient. I really can't unleash its abilities. Now that I've given it to you, it can be considered to be the best of the best, not a pearl covered in dust."

"This…"

The Dragon Monarch’s eyes burned with passion, but he was also conflicted.

This trick…

He was familiar with it!

Just now, he had used this method to get Qin Luo up. Now that he had switched from offense to defense, the hunter had become the prey and the prey had become the hunter. This reversal was simply too huge.

Why?

The Dragon Emperor had used the Terrifying Dragon Tea as a bargaining chip, the Yang Conspiracy as a bargaining chip, and the Yang Conspiracy as a means to Qin Sheng, forcing him to fall into a trap for the upcoming battle!

And Qin Luo.

He turned around to return the favor!

Using the Dragon God's blood as a bargaining chip, he would then take out the Dragon God's Scale and conspire against the Dragon Emperor after completing the transaction. In order to obtain the Dragon God's Scale, he would have no choice but to set up a trap and take out something better, something that would move Qin Luo's heart in exchange!

In other words.

The Dragon God’s Scales were the bait.

The Dragon God was a fish.

He knew that there was a price to pay for eating the bait, but he could not resist the temptation. He had to eat it even if he did not want to.

It was unbearable.

"Brother has really given me a big problem!"

The Dragon Monarch smiled wryly.

Even though Qin Sheng had said that it was a gift for the sake of not casting pearls before swine and not letting the precious treasure be buried in dust.

However…

If he believed these words, then he would not be the Dragon God!

Having lived for so long, how could he not know that the most expensive thing was free?

Besides.

Even an idiot could tell that those were just pleasantries, pleasantries!

Just now, in order to get the blood of the Dragon God, he used all kinds of tricks and finally used a price to trick the blood of the Dragon God.

Yet.

This blocked the road.

Because.

The Dragon God's blood deal just now had set a benchmark, and it was he who set it himself.

Now.

The Dragon God’s Scales had arrived.

The benchmark that he had just set could not be overturned in the blink of an eye, right?

What had the blood of the Dragon God been traded for?

Then—

The Dragon God’s Scales also had to be traded!

This was a rule!

The rules he set!

Even if it was not as valuable as the blood of the Dragon God, it would still use it as the basis of the deal, or the reference to the deal.

equivalent.

The Dragon God's blood could be exchanged for one hundred pieces of equivalent goods, while the Dragon God's Scale could be exchanged for eighty pieces of equivalent goods.

That's right.

Equivalent goods.

Not some random trash.

The Dragon God's blood was what the Dragon Emperor needed.

What he took out was also what Qin Sheng needed.

The Dragon God’s Scales were not what the Dragon Emperor needed, but it was something he wanted.

If it was the seller's market, then the buyer would be screwed.

It was easy to gather eighty pieces of goods.

However, the difficulty lay in the fact that these 80 pieces of goods could not be taken at will or gathered at will. It was what Qin Luo Sheng needed to sell. Only in this way could the deal be reached and he would trade.

The prerequisite was that he needed it. After that, it would be worth 80 yuan!

‘ But—’

Qin Luo had already obtained what he needed with the Dragon God's blood earlier. The transaction was completed.

As such,

What should he use to move Qin Sheng?

The Dragon Monarch felt a headache coming on.

"Brother, did you teach me?"

The Dragon Emperor could not think of a scheming person who had brought the ball to Qin Sheng.

This is your thing. Whatever you want, just say it.

‘ I do. I’ll give it. Everybody’s happy.’

I didn’t. Then there was no other way.

"Old fox!"

Qin Luo Sheng instantly understood what the Dragon Emperor was implying. He could not help but curse under his breath. However, he still opened his mouth honestly. "I have so many treasures. I'm short-sighted and lack knowledge. I don't know how it works, so it's better to let me make the decision. I can do whatever I want, there's no need to mind."

What did that mean?

To put it in a nutshell, that is, what kind of treasure do you have? How the f*ck would I know? You can take care of your own things. You know my situation too. You know what to take.

The Dragon Monarch immediately shut himself up.

"However, I do have something that I want. I hope you are generous!"

Before the Dragon Emperor could speak, Qin Luo immediately continued.

"Oh? Please elaborate!"

The Dragon Monarch was naturally overjoyed when he heard this.

He had many treasures, but what Qin Luo could use and urgently needed, he really did not have.

But he also wanted the Dragon God Scale.

It was simply painful.

Since Qin Luo had what he wanted, there was no need for him to rack his brains. There was also a high chance of obtaining the Dragon God's Scale, so he was naturally happy.

"I opened a few shops and went to Dragon City to earn some money and earn a living. However, I'm unusually busy and have too many trivial matters. It's not good for my cultivation. I'm afraid that I'll disturb the peace of Dragon Island and Dragon City."

Qin Luo Sheng replied naturally, "In that case, I'll need someone from the Dragon Island who's familiar with the Dragon City to act as my spokesperson and help me head back and forth between the Dragon City and the main cities of the Human race to settle some trivial matters."

“Oh?”

A glint flashed across the Dragon Emperor's eyes as he instantly understood Qin Luo's intentions. He narrowed his eyes slightly and chuckled. "Then, I wonder if you have a suitable candidate?"

"This old demon!"

How astute was Qin Luo Sheng? He could tell from the Dragon Emperor's expression that this fellow had already guessed his intentions. Indeed, dealing with this kind of old monster was no different from being naked. It was very easy to guess and get eaten up.

"To be honest with you!"

However, now that things had come to this, Qin Luo could only brace himself and say, "I, your little brother, have taken a liking to the Damask King. I hope that you can part with him! I promise that I won't let the Damask King suffer any grievances or force her to do anything she doesn't want to do."

"I see…"

The Dragon Emperor appeared hesitant. He pretended to be deep in thought for a long time before he sighed and said, "Although the Damask King is my elder brother's maidservant, her parents were my elder brother's former subordinates who died in the war between races. I wanted to adopt her as my adopted daughter initially, but the Damask King was unwilling to enter my Dragon Emperor Palace as a maidservant. Although I treat her as my daughter, she has always abided by my wishes and regarded herself as my maidservant. I can't do anything about it."

Qin Sheng:…

Fuck you!

Was this the realm of big shots?

It was indeed impressive.

She was just a mere maidservant, yet she was directly arranged to have the identity of a foster daughter by you. With just a few casual words, she increased the stakes. Tch!

"The Damask King has been intelligent since he was young. Even though his cultivation talent is not the best, he's not bad either. Moreover, he has managed to manage the Dragon Emperor Palace in an orderly manner all these years. It's truly rare."

Coming! Coming! Coming again!

She was praising herself.

You are the f*cking Dragon Emperor, you bastard! Can you at least have some shame?

‘ How?’

Your chips have been blown away by you. They are worth thirty yuan. They are constantly rising, approaching fifty yuan, and rising to eighty yuan?

Damn.

Inflation is not as fast as yours.

Aren't you afraid that I'll flip the table and stop playing?

'I'll keep your Damask King then. I won't give you my Dragon God Scale anymore!'