Chapter 575: Special Equipment—Spider Silk Launcher (2)

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing the Four Demon Kings—Dark Demon Spider Lin Ying. You have received 600W experience and 800 Reputation points! '

Shuang ~

Another six million experience points!

Although he was now Level 39 and had entered Level 10 Samsara once again, his experience points had increased to 50 million when he reached Level 40. However, killing a Boss required millions of experience points, or even tens of millions of experience points. It was still quite impressive.

The date of the final battle with Long Yuan was getting closer. In such a short time, it was impossible to reach Rank 50 or Rank 3. After all, they were still doing the Rank 2 Job-Changing Mission.

But.

Before the final battle, it was guaranteed that he would reach Level 40. There would be no mistakes.

What was the difference between Level 39 and Level 40?

There was no difference!

If there was really such a thing, it was just a difference of one level. There was nothing special about it!

Still.

There was no difference between the inside and the outside.

After all.

Some equipment required levels!

For example…

Duality Dao Sword, Glazed Daoist Robe!

Using the Duality Dao Sword to replace the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier and the Glass Robe to replace the Heavy Skeleton Armor would greatly increase his strength.

Unfortunately.

It was also a legendary ring that could only be worn at level 40—Ice Spirit Ring. It could easily replace the Level 35 mixed gold ring—Undead Ring. However, it was limited to Ice Mages. It was disgusting.

Ding… congratulations on collecting Tenacious Spider Leg * 8! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Sharp Spider Teeth * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on harvesting Poisonous Spider Capsule x1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining a special spider silk ball * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Just this?

Qin Sheng was very disappointed when he saw what he had collected.

Not to mention Gongsun Zhuang, even Xu Lin was far inferior.

After all, Xu Lin still had the inner core of the Ice Python, which allowed Bing Bing to evolve. As for Lin Ying, she had nothing. If there was really anything, it would be the [Special Spider Silk Cluster].

[Special Spider Silk Cluster]

Type: Materials

Grade: Special

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: It seems to contain some kind of magic spider silk sac that can continuously produce special spider silk!

As a special grade material, it should be very useful.

Unfortunately.

Currently, it was useless for Qin Sheng.

He could only put it in his backpack and eat it first.

Then…

Organizing the spoils of war.

There were still no Skill Books or anything like that. Those special items had very low drop rates.

The equipment was also average. Out of the five items, three were Gold and two were Silver.

Except.

There was a surprise this time.

[Spider Silk Launcher]

Type: Wrist Gun

Grade: Gold

Requirement: None

Effect: None

Special Effect: [Spider Silk Launch] Launches the spider silk stored in the launcher!

Additional Skill: [Inescapable Net] consumes a large amount of spider silk, spitting out spider webs to envelop the target!

Introduction: It's a delicate and small thing. It's said to be a casual piece of artwork from the young age of the Divine Smith. It has extremely high usage value and collection value.

Good lord!

It was a special equipment!

Qin Luo was grinning from ear to ear.

It was such a pleasant surprise.

Unexpectedly, Lin Ying didn't drag the Eighth Demon King back. Instead, she gave him a toy that was as valuable as an Epic-ranked item.

Compared to the steel hammer and shovel in his hands, this spider silk launcher was used for combat. Even though its function was more of a support, it was indeed a combat-type prop.

There was no need, no effect, only one special effect and an additional skill.

Even so.

To Qin Luo, he would not even exchange an Epic equipment for the [Spider Silk Launcher].

The spider silk looked ordinary, but it was like a wrist hook that thieves often used. It could be used to fly over walls and eaves, and it was extremely practical.

With it, there was no need for her to not be able to fly like when she was climbing the back of the tree. She had to rely on her spider legs to reach the target. She only needed to eject her spider silk and stick it to the target. Then, she could pull herself up and easily reach the target.

As for the [Heavenly Network], there was nothing to explain. Even an idiot would understand.

"I'm satisfied with just this piece of equipment!"

Qin Luo Sheng wore the [Spider Silk Launcher] on the wrist of his right hand with a comfortable expression. Looking at this special equipment that did not occupy the regular equipment slot, he was extremely pleased.

"This thing is very comfortable, but it costs a lot of spider silk. I have to replenish it often. Spider silk is not a common thing. Moreover, ordinary spider silk is not very effective."

Qin Luo was somewhat regretful.

Eh?

Wait.

He seemed to have forgotten something?

Speaking of spider silk, Qin Sheng immediately recalled the special ball of spider silk that he had just collected from the Lin Ying corpse!

He removed the [Spider Silk Launcher], opened the material to fill the space, and stuffed the [Special Spider Silk Cluster] inside!

Perfect!

With this thing that could continuously produce special spider silk, as long as it was not used very frequently, the production speed would not be able to keep up. He believed that he would no longer need to specially collect spider silk to consume it.

"Let's call it a day!"

They returned to the fork in the road once more. Looking at the central road, Qin Sheng did not continue forward.

After fighting for an entire day, if it wasn’t for Yi Mu’s revival, he would have already collapsed from exhaustion outside Demon Palace. Now that he persevered and swept through four regions, he was already extremely exhausted. It was time to rest.

"Spatial Jump!"

No return scrolls could be used in the Demon Palace, but space jumps were not restricted. With his backpack full of spoils, Qin Sheng used his skills to return to the flourishing Star Glory City.

After a few days had passed, he had finally returned to the bustling, sunny, and bustling city of the Dark Abyss. Qin Sheng felt his mood lighten.

"Oh, so many crystal coins have been collected?"

Qin Luo activated the store owner's authority and checked the operating status of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. He looked at the pile of materials in the warehouse, especially the shiny crystal coins, which swept away his tired expression and made him feel energetic.

"Including the reward from Sanguine Primrose, the 10,000 crystal coins from the Nine Syllables Mantra have been gathered!"

Qin Luo Sheng calculated in detail and immediately felt greatly comforted. "Other than crystal coins, we've also collected quite a lot of Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals. Although the output of these things is very low, the number of players is so large. It's impossible for there to be no output at all."

"The Strengthening System is destined to be a game of the rich. Normal players can't afford to touch it at all, especially now that it has just been withdrawn, the supply can't meet the demand, and the price will skyrocket. Selling it might be the best choice for low-level players, so I collected so many. Unfortunately, they are all low-level Augmenting Gems, and I didn't even see a single mid-level one. I'm speechless."

——————

< EMPTY >