Chapter 574: Special Equipment—Spider Silk Launcher (1)

[Four Demon Kings—Dark Demonic Spider Lin Ying (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 75000

Physical Attack: 3000

Magic Attack: 12000

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 3,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Four Demon Kings—Dark Demonic Spider Lin Ying. Originally, she was the commander of Mufeng's Second Army, the commander of the army, Lin Xiao's cousin. Due to the invasion of the Undead Lich, who destroyed seventeen cities in a row, she lost her courage and fled. In order to conceal her deeds of deserters, she eliminated all traces of her escape route and destroyed countless villages and cities. Finally, she escaped into the Dark Abyss and devoured the essence of the Dark Demonic Spider. She obtained its terrifying poison power and guarded the Evil Demon Palace's Poison Area, one of the five major areas of the Demon Palace!

"Is there finally a Mana Boss?"

Qin Luo was excited.

As a violent warrior, his favorite thing was naturally the weak magic type. As long as he got close to them, it would be very satisfying to slash them.

"Xiaoxiao, it must have been tough on you when you were cleaning the fishes. Take a good rest now. Leave this guy to me!"

Qin Luo said righteously.

‘ Of course.’

She only received a small eye roll.

As someone who had signed a blood contract, she knew very well what Qin Sheng was thinking.

Still.

Xiaoxiao couldn't be bothered.

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to beat up the Boss violently to vent his anger, so let him be. She could also have a good rest.

"Dragon Might!"

-2,40000!

"Gaze of Death!"

-2,40000!

Violent attack!

Qin Sheng had no intention of hiding anything when he was dealing with a mere magic-type Boss. He directly swaggered up.

"Hunting Tiger!"

After adding a few augmentation skills, the roar of the Divine Tiger was heard once again. Lin Ying, who had been awakened, was in a state of fear.

After a round of beating.

Five seconds later, Lin Ying woke up from the state of fear and followed Xu Lin's footsteps. Her attributes decreased greatly, and her Health Points dropped by more than half.

“You dare to invade the Demon Palace? Brat, who ordered you to come here?”

The eight legs of the Lin Ying spider danced wildly like sharp blades, slashing ferociously at Qin Sheng who was beneath him. At the same time, dark magic power was released from his entire body, and the spider hairs on his body turned into steel needles that covered the sky and earth as they slanted downwards.

Not only that.

In order to prevent Qin Sheng from escaping, he spat out spider silk that was both sticky and poisonous, sealing off the surrounding space and forming a method of catching a turtle in a jar, leaving Qin Sheng with nowhere to run.

"Not bad, not bad. This is the strength that the Demon Palace's Eight Demon Kings should have!"

In the face of such dire straits, Qin Sheng was overjoyed instead of shocked. "As expected, K Xulin was so relaxed just now because he was too affected by the 【 Ascending Dragon Slaying 】! Lin Ying's performance was much more normal!"

"Ice Skin!"

"Jade Bone!"

Qin Luo Sheng added two defensive and health enhancement skills in succession!

Since Lin Ying wanted to catch the fish in the net, she would do as she wished.

She had lost 50% of her stats and 30% of her Attack due to Hunting Tiger. Right now, she only had 20% of her attack power at her peak. In addition to the damage reduction from the darkness element, even if Qin Sheng's magic defense was low, he could still withstand it!

"Ding! You have been attacked by the sharp blades of the Magic Spider. Health Points -3255. Due to the special effect of 'Jade Bone', you are immune to the Dark Demonic Spider's poison!"

Qin Sheng could not help but sneer at the contents of the battle log.

The reason why he activated the "Jade Bone" was because this skill was immune to the special effects of poison below the Epic stage.

Due to the fact that he was trapped under Lin Ying, the sharp blades of his eight legs were easy to dodge. However, he was unable to dodge the rain-like poisonous sting and could only endure it.

The damage didn’t really matter. The key was that the Dark Demon Spider’s poison wasn’t simple.

Attack + poison. Even though Lin Ying's attributes were extremely weak, Qin Sheng could not withstand it!

Fortunately.

Once he was immune to the poison, all problems would be solved.

Holy Flames dealt four times the damage, and the damage dealt was simply terrifying.

On top of that, the absorption of blood was very slow. It was much more effective than the damage caused by Lin Ying.

“Bastard!”

Lin Ying had never expected that her plan would fail so easily. She had thought that victory would be within her grasp, but her prey had no intention of retreating. Instead, she, the hunter, had been counterattacked. This made her furious.

"Inescapable Net!"

50% Health Points, catching a turtle in a jar!

Health Points: 30%, Heavenly Network!

In his fury, Lin Ying spat out "old phlegm" and covered Qin Sheng.

"F*ck, DX doesn't care about morals!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not afraid of attacks or toxins, but he was afraid of Lin Ying's extremely sticky spider silk.

If they were stuck and covered, how could they escape?

This was no ordinary spiderweb. It could be broken with a casual use of a hand or a wooden stick.

The size of both parties was different, and the nature of the spiderweb was different.

In the face of the giant spider's sticky spiderweb, Qin Sheng was helpless like a butterfly or insect.

"Instant Slash!"

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo aimed at a spider leg at the very edge and used Instant Slash to approach it. After that, he used Shadow Escape and teleported out of the "trap" that he had been in for a long time, avoiding Lin Ying's so-called "Inescapable Net"!

"Tsk! Are you playing dirty with me?"

Qin Luo jumped, jumped, and jumped again. He followed the spider legs and climbed onto her back while Lin Ying was weak and dispirited from spitting out a large amount of spider silk.

One strike!

One strike!

Another strike!

The Holy Blaze contained Holy Flames, and the Blade Aura struck Lin Ying's back in a frenzy, causing sparks to fly. The clash between light and darkness created a terrifying corrosive effect. In addition to the intense burning effect of the [Dragonfire], green smoke was rising from the wounds, which emitted a strange meaty fragrance and nauseating smell.

"Yiya…"

After suffering such a heavy blow, Lin Ying let out an extremely sharp scream. She frantically waved her body, wanting to throw Qin Sheng off her back. However, this was just child's play. Having experienced it more than once, she immediately abandoned the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier in her left hand and the attack of her other hand. She stabilized her body and used the Coiling Dragon Water to attack rapidly.

"How ruthless!"

Since his plan had failed, Lin Ying began to run around, throwing himself at the postmortem walls and pillars. This way, in order to avoid being sandwiched between them, Qin Sheng had no choice but to abandon his fierce attack from behind and escape.

"F*ck! Are you trying to cheat me?"

In terms of speed, Lin Ying couldn't compare with him. However, he had eight legs and a spider body. Even though he couldn't fly, he could easily climb roofs and walls. She was extremely good at climbing and could avoid damage.

"Spiritual Light, 5!"

Qin Sheng flew into a rage when his attacks missed several times. He shook his cloak and activated his flying ability.

"You can climb, you can climb the wall, now I can fly, I'll f*cking see if you can fly!!!"

With the addition of the flying effect, Lin Ying's evasion plan went bankrupt. No matter how she ran or crawled, she could not avoid Qin Sheng's pursuit and was chased and slashed.

"Brother, save me!"

Spider silk was useless, spider poison was ineffective, attacks were powerless…

Lin Ying, who had run out of tricks, was killed by the enemy!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing the Four Demon Kings—Dark Demon Spider Lin Ying. You have received 600W experience and 800 Reputation points! '

——————

< EMPTY >