Chapter 570: Six Demon Kings—Dark Ice Python Xu Lin

An hour later.

After killing countless ice pythons, Qin Luo Sheng finally stepped into the deepest part of the icy zone.

This place was an enormous icy lake, and its field of vision was wide open. There were a myriad of paths, and there were no traces of humans. There were thousands of birds flying about, and there were no obstructions in the surroundings. So long as one’s vision wasn’t covered by the icy mist, one would be able to see everything with a single glance.

Precisely.

Qin Luo Sheng saw a terrifying giant python lying horizontally on the ice lake. It was tens of meters long, and as it breathed, frost and mist condensed. From afar, it looked like a demonic beast that was puffing clouds and exhaling mist. Even from far away, one could feel the powerful pressure it emitted. It was horrifying.

This guy…

Qin Luo took a deep breath.

This guy should be the guardian BOSS of the Icy Area, one of the Eight Devil Kings, Six Devil King Xu Lin!

"Be careful and restrain yourself. Don't wake this fellow up."

Qin Luo Sheng instructed Xiao Xiao and Bing Bing with his consciousness. The two pets and mounts that had signed a blood contract with him instantly understood what he meant and nodded.

“Although this fellow is probably the same as his two unlucky ‘older brothers’, his strength is merely enhanced gold, and because he swallowed the Dark Ice Python, not only does his body contain the power of darkness, but his quality is also that of a snake. Being suppressed by me, he is simply miserable.”

Qin Luo rode on the ice and slowly walked towards Xu Lin, who was still asleep and unaware of the impending danger. He thought to himself, "However, this is their territory after all. With the Dark Ice Python's energy, they have a huge advantage in this environment. And now, because I've overcome the environmental factors, not only did I take drugs, I've even taken off my most important defensive equipment and changed into a cloak that's useless other than resisting the cold. I must not be careless and guard against unexpected accidents."

In the past,

Perhaps Qin Luo would push it over like a bulldozer. Under the circumstances of double restraint, he would immediately activate the unparalleled mode and begin cutting grass.

But.

After so many lessons, although he was still as sharp as before, he was still a little cautious in his bones. After all, being sharp did not mean that he was a brute.

One step, two steps, three steps…

One meter, two meters, three meters…

It was only 40 to 50 meters away. Even with Qin Luo's original speed, he could reach it in at most three to four seconds while riding on ice. Yet, he had walked for nearly five minutes.

Time was delayed, but the effect was achieved.

When he was twenty meters away from Xu Lin, he was still in a deep sleep. It was unknown if it was because his cautious stealth was effective, or if it was because he had been living peacefully in the Demon Palace for too long that his vigilance was greatly reduced. Or perhaps it was because of the Dark Ice Python's biological characteristics that hibernation deepened his slumber…

Still.

None of that mattered.

What mattered was that the goal had been achieved.

Probing skill!

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed. Instantly, the shocking python attribute before him was detected and sent over.

[Six Demon King—Dark Ice Python Xu Lin (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 2000000

Mana: 50,000

Physical Attack: 10,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 10,000

Magic Defense: 8000

Speed: 2,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Six Demon Kings—Dark Ice Python Xu Lin. Originally, he was the strategist of Lin Xiao, the commander of the Army of Mufeng, who was stationed in the Towering Kingdom. Because of the power of the undead lich that destroyed 17 cities, he fled in fear. In order to conceal his deeds as a deserter and eliminate any traces of his escape route, he slaughtered countless villages and cities. In the end, he escaped into the Dark Abyss Domain and devoured the power of the Dark Ice Python. He obtained the ice-type magic power of the dead ice, guarded the Demon Palace's Ice Zone, and guarded one of the five major areas of the Demon Palace!

“Yeah?”

Looking at Xu Lin's attributes, Qin Sheng was somewhat stunned.

This fellow.

Was there a mistake?

Even Gongsun Zhuang, who had inherited the power of the Earth Demonic Ape, only had 1,500 + Health Points and 8,000 Defense Points. However, this fellow clearly introduced the power of ice and was inclined towards magic. Why was his Health Points and Defense higher than the warrior-type Earth Demonic Ape?

"Are you afraid of death? As expected of the military counselor! You know how to play dirty."

In the blink of an eye, Qin Sheng thought of the key.

Why was he so quick-witted?

It was because they were from the same group.

After all.

In reality, he was also very wretched. In order to hide his identity, he hid his Weeping Soul identity. He was extremely wretched.

In the entire world, other than him, even Nannan, who lived under the same roof as him, and Su Youran, who had asked him about his identity no less than 800 times, did not know that he was the famous Weeping Soul Beast who stirred up the world of fate.

Compared to Qin Sheng, who was frantically hiding his identity and developing wretchedly.

Xu Lin, on the other hand, was crazily boosting his health and defense, making a mage more resistant to beating than a warrior. It was simply too much.

"Continue!"

After detecting Xu Lin's attributes, Qin Luo gently touched Bing Bing. Bing Bing understood and continued to walk forward softly.

“Who?”

Yet.

This time, things did not go as smoothly as before.

As someone who was extremely afraid of death, he was extremely cautious even in his own lair.

When Qin Luo was about five meters away from Xu Lin, this fellow finally woke up.

"Begin!"

Qin Sheng, who had long been prepared, changed his strategy when he saw that his silent approach was not feasible. He suddenly clamped onto Bing Bing, and in an instant, Bing Bing changed her snail speed and transformed into a blue afterimage as she dashed forward.

"Hunting Tiger!"

A white divine tiger phantom appeared, and a world-shaking tiger roar resounded. In an instant, Xu Lin, who was just about to move, was directly struck into a state of fear. His eyes were blood red, and he fell into an uncontrollable state, standing there stunned.

"Brave Heart!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Ice approached quickly while Qin Luo Sheng took advantage of the opportunity and used his augmentation skills consecutively.

"Gaze of Death!"

-400,000!

"Dragon Might!"

-400,000!

The two weakening techniques were used directly. This time, Qin Sheng did not press it against the bottom of the box and use it as a killing blow.

After all.

Xu Lin's defense was too strong. If he did not reduce his attributes, the damage would be very difficult to deal.

He did not want to be dragged into a fierce battle against a Gold-tier Boss. It was better to end the battle quickly.

"Instant Slash!"

Qin Sheng shifted his body and left Bing Bing's back. He crossed a distance of ten meters and instantly approached Xu Lin. The [Coiling Dragon Water] carried the special effect of [Dragon Fire] and slashed down heavily.

-3,5772!