Chapter 571: Ice Python Core, Ice Evolution (1)

-3,5772!

The yellow damage number flashed.

Qin Sheng was very satisfied with the six figures and the damage that exceeded 350,000 stores.

This damage wasn’t much different from dealing with ordinary Frost Pythons.

Even if it was a Boss, its Defense was higher. However, because it had more Darkness attributes than normal Ice Pythons, its attributes were reduced by 20%. This increase and decrease made up for the difference.

"Berserk Strike!"

Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab + Berserk Heavy Strike, three skills chain.

Shadow Assault instantly appeared behind Xu Lin to prepare for the special effects of Shadow Spike.

The shadow spike hit the back of Xu Lin's head, fulfilling the conditions and adding another second of stun control to prepare for the Berserk Strike.

The Berserk Strike was charged for one second, just enough to offset the Shadow Spike's control time and slashed down heavily.

"Ding… seriously injured…"

Tsk!

Qin Luo could not help but spit when he heard the familiar system prompt.

He was seriously injured.

Another f*cking serious injury.

I have such high luck. Why do I always have low insurance?

If he was seriously injured, wouldn't it be better to reduce his attributes by 20%?

Tsk!

"It's a pity that I don't know where you are. However, I won't be polite with your eyes!"

Using the effect of Shadow Escape, his body shifted to the front of Xu Lin once again. Looking at his eyes, which had turned red from fear, Qin Sheng executed a 'Extreme Speed Thrust'.

Instantly.

The [Coiling Dragon Water] transformed into a series of afterimages as it pierced forward at a speed invisible to the naked eye.

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

The sharp tip of the sword, coupled with the special effect of [Ascending Dragon Slaying], after five consecutive stabs, not only did the damage increase layer by layer, but with the superimposition of the points, it directly crippled Xu Lin's right eye.

"'Ascending Dragon Slaying', yed!"

Qin Luo cried out in extreme excitement.

Too fierce!

The [Coiling Dragon Water] was simply too powerful.

Weakening Scaly Armor by 20%, + 500% damage against dragons, + 1000% damage against snakes!

Not only that.

There were also various restraining effects.

Like now—

If it was used on other monsters, there would definitely be 99 times that it would not take effect. However, for Xu Lin, this Dark Ice Python that was restrained, it would instantly take effect, directly blinding his eyes.

“This is truly a complete crushing!”

-20% Dragon Aura, -20% God of Death's Gaze, -20% [Ascending Dragon Slaying] -20%. Before he even started, Xu Lin had lost 60% of all his attributes!

Except.

Brutal Strike -10% attributes!

Hunting Tiger - 30% Attack!

Overall!

At this moment, Xu Lin had lost 60% of his Health Points, 70% of his attributes, -100% of his Attack Power, and it had become a Zero Light Egg!

"The Demon Palace is clearly such a sinister and terrifying place. If it were anyone else, they would be trembling in fear and pee their pants in fear. But when it comes to me, it's like playing house."

Qin Luo Sheng was full of praise. "This place is simply like the temple of another month. It's completely restrained by me!"

"Power of Absolute Ice, Absolute Freeze!"

In just six seconds, Xu Lin fell from the peak to the bottom of the valley. Not only was his stats terrible, even his health bar fell to 20%. In a fit of rage, he directly activated his ultimate move.

"Triple Eagle Stomp!”

Shriek ~

The cry of an eagle could be heard.

Qin Luo took a few steps forward. Like an eagle, his body slapped the clouds in the sky and transformed into an afterimage. He tapped three times in the air consecutively and evaded Xu Lin's gaping mouth like the Ghost Shadow Perplexing Track, spitting out a wave of extreme frost qi.

"Xiaoxiao, interrupt him!"

Xu Lin's ultimate move lived up to his name of "Absolute Freeze". Even though that terrifying cold air did not touch him, wherever it passed, frost covered the ground and ice covered everything. Everything was turned into ice sculptures by him and was frozen.

Fortunately.

Bing Bing had the bloodline of a Qilin, and was also of the Ice Qilin lineage. Even though she was still in the growth stage and was too weak to fight against Xu Lin, how could the blood of the Ice Qilin allow her to be frozen?

As for Xiaoxiao, there was no need to worry.

It already had the power of ice, and it also possessed an extremely high True Dragon bloodline. Even if it wasn’t as pure as the Ice Qilin and was completely immune to this extreme frost energy, it was only slightly affected, and it was still far from being frozen.

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

Ang ~

Upon receiving Qin Sheng's instructions, Little Tiny opened its dragon mouth without hesitation and let out a loud dragon roar.

A terrifying dragon might swept forth.

Even Epic and Legendary Bosses would be punished. How could a mere Gold Boss escape?

The forced three seconds of fear not only caused Xu Lin, who was spitting out cold air, to stop his technique, but it also caused him to fall into a controlled state.

"Attack with full force!"

With a furious roar, Qin Luo took the lead to launch his final attack.

“Mad Shadow Slash!”

Qin Sheng, the Shadow Warrior's ultimate technique, transformed into an afterimage. His body shuttled back and forth beside Xu Lin, each movement bringing with it tremendous damage.

“Hellfire!”

Qin Luo's battlefield surrounded Xu Lin. Xiaoxiao did not join in. Instead, she triggered the fire element and launched a surprise attack under Xu Lin.

A ball of blood-red flames emerged from the ground. It was as if it had come from hell as it soared into the sky, frantically burning Xu Lin's body.

"Qilin Flash!"

By the side, Bing Bing was also unwilling to be left out. The horn on her head flickered, and as she ran, she turned into an azure blue afterimage, slamming heavily into Xu Lin's body.

How could Xu Lin, whose stats had dropped drastically and whose health points were less than 20% of his peak condition withstand Qin Sheng and the other two's ferocious attacks?

He didn't need three seconds of fear.

It only lasted for two seconds. This BOSS, who had only attacked once and even fought alone, died in fear!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Six Demon Kings—Dark Ice Python Xu Lin. EXP + 600W, Reputation 800! '

There was a flash of light.

Qin Luo Sheng… nothing happened!

Beside him, Bing Bing leveled up.

"Ding, your mount Bing Bing has successfully reached Level 30 and is about to enter the growth stage. Do you permit evolution?"

"Yes!"

Roar…

Bing Bing, whose entire body was enveloped by the azure light, crazily swallowed the surrounding ice energy. At the same time, she let out a series of howls.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Idiot, quickly dig out the inner core of that ice python!"

Just as Qin Luo was confused, he suddenly heard a voice.

Ice Python Core?

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body trembled. He could not be bothered to investigate who was speaking as he hurriedly ran over and squatted beside Xu Lin's corpse, frantically casting his collection technique.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Skin x1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 9! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 11! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 7! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 13! '

…

F*ck!