Chapter 573: Four Demon Kings—Dark Demonic Spider Lin Yingying

[Ice Crystal Charm Spirit (Ice)]

Level: 30

Type: Mount

Grade: Legendary

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Health Points: 120,000

Mana: 50,000

Physical Attack: 6,500

Magic Attack: 4000

Physical Defense: 2000

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 5000

Skill: [Qilin Body] Passive: Increases physical defense and magic defense by 30%. It has a certain deterrent effect on beasts. It is not higher than a level 20 beast. It cannot attack!

[Mountain Treading Water] Passive. After successfully obtaining a mount, Level 10 Awakens the ability to walk on mountains as though they were on flat ground. Level 30 Awakens the ability to walk on water. Level 50 Awakens the ability to fly. Level 80 Awakens???? Level 100 Awakens???

[Rapid Sprint] Passive. When not in combat mode, speed + 400%!

[Qilin Flash] gathered energy on the horn on his forehead and used the super high-speed Mercedes to collide with the single target, causing 600% damage to the target. At the same time, at a 10-meter distance in a straight line, the target would receive 250% damage with a penetrating effect. Cooldown: 1 hour!

Not bad! Not bad!

Even though she was not like Xiaoxiao, who had evolved and awakened her skills crazily, Bing Bing was worthy of being a legendary mount. She had the bloodline of a Qilin and had 30 extreme attributes. She was definitely comparable to a Level 40 Gold Boss!

Because he chose the mount aspect, this growth—

Speed as high as 5000?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned.

Damn!

According to the effect of [Rapid Sprint], when he was no longer in battle, his speed would increase by 400%. Wouldn't that directly increase to 25,000 points?

Fast as lightning?

In a flash?

Swift as thunder?

Probably.

That was probably the speed he described.

Other than speed, he had also made great progress in other aspects.

‘ Of course.’

As a mount, its ability was the most outstanding and it was also the one that received the most attention from Qin Sheng. It began with the [Mountain and Water Treading]!

After reaching Level 30, Bing Bing was no longer limited to walking on land. She could walk on water without any restrictions. Nice ~

“Nothing hidden?”

After searching the surroundings, he did not find any treasure or other unexpected presence. Qin Sheng could only give up and return the way he came.

As he rode on Bing Bing's back, he experienced her evolution for the first time. Qin Luo, who was running at full speed, felt so good.

This speed was like taking a plane. It was like a divine tool for traveling. Mom won't have to worry about me traveling anymore!

A few minutes later.

Qin Luo returned to the five forks.

Choose a path.

Exit.

"Mm? Bat feces? Could this be the Blood Pool District, where the three demon kings, Sun Qing, are guarding?"

It was a sinister place that was filled with the stench of blood. It was a completely different scene from the icy cold area. Qin Sheng could not tell what place it was until he saw the bat feces on the ground.

“Sun Qing has already been killed by me, and even the Greedy Demon Envoy that resides in his body has died. This area shouldn’t be too difficult!”

Qin Sheng had already obtained the [Demon Palace Key (3)] that Sun Qing was keeping safe. It was the key to the Demon Palace. He did not want to waste time on clearing the monsters. Although the experience and drop rate were attractive, this was not an ordinary dungeon. It was a Second Stage Professional Mission with a time limit.

But in the blink of an eye,

The second phase of the mission included clearing the Demon Palace.

In other words.

He wanted to wipe out all the monsters in the Demon Palace.

This was f*cking awkward.

He couldn't even slack off!

"Forget it, I'll just clean up the miscellaneous troops. I'll just treat it as a rest. Anyway, these guys' experience points are quite good, and if it's the Bloodthirsty Bats, I should be able to gather quite good materials!"

Riding on ice to evolve.

Qin Sheng had only taken a few steps when he saw the large bat standing upside down on the dome. It was a Bloodthirsty Bat with wings that were at least a meter long.

He checked it.

Like the Frost Python, he was a Level 35 Enhanced Three Star Elite.

The difference was…

The Ice Python was a tank-like monster with thick skin, while the Bloodthirsty Bat was a speed-type monster with unparalleled agility.

What a pity!

They had run into Qin Sheng, the hacker.

In terms of speed, even their boss, Sun Qing, was not Qin Sheng's opponent, let alone these minions!

So—

This outcome was destined to be a tragedy!

As soon as the dragon's might and the death god's gaze appeared, the Bloodthirsty Bats collectively shut themselves up and became small fishes among the small fishes. They went from bloodthirsty terrifying monsters to stupid birds waiting to be slaughtered. It was tragic!

He swept through them.

In less than an hour.

Qin Luo Sheng carried [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] from the fork in the road to the end of the blood pool area. Along the way, there was a storm of blood. Other than increasing his experience points by a small amount, he also obtained over twenty pieces of black iron bronze equipment, as well as a pile of bat teeth and bat poison sacks.

They returned to the fork again.

"Ding… Current entrance cannot be entered!"

Just as he was about to enter the third intersection, the one in the middle of the five forks, he was informed by the system not to enter.

"I… I think I've experienced this somewhere before!"

A similar scene evoked Qin Luo's memories.

That's right.

This was the scene of those nine palaces that he had experienced at the Moon Temple.

He had to clear both sides before he could enter the middle.

"It doesn't matter!"

Qin Luo Sheng spread out his hands and walked to the two forks on the right without much concern. "Anyway, we have to clean up all the places. It doesn't matter who comes first!"

They rode in!

The scene in the fork road was much more normal. There was no such mess.

As he continued deeper, he saw the monsters guarding the place.

A humanoid monster?

He checked it out!

I see!

It was actually formed from the soldiers of the second legion. The one following it was the Fifth Demon King, Gongsun Zhuang. Similar to Sun Qing, he was also an unlucky fellow who had died outside the Demon Palace.

These guys were pretty strong. Although they did not have special abilities like the Bloodthirsty Bats and the Frost Python, they had the advantage of battle formations and were hard to deal with.

Still.

They had already turned into darkness and were no longer pure humans. After being suppressed by the Death God's Gaze and having their attributes reduced by 40%, their strength was absolutely overwhelming and their battle formation could not do anything.

Soon.

Qin Luo, who had cleared the Passage Stone area, returned to his starting point.

“Spider?”

After taking a few steps, Qin Sheng saw the spider eggs and walking demonic spiders all over the ground. He instantly knew what area this was.

Lin Ying, the Fourth Demon King!

Lin Ying, the cousin of the Great Demon King Lin Xiao, had merged with the Dark Demonic Spider's power and become the master of the Evil Poison Area, becoming a part of the defense of the Demon Palace!

The power of the Dark Demonic Spider was nothing to worry about. It was a familiar Level 35 Three Star Enhanced Elite. Even though there were many of them, Qin Luo Sheng had the Fire Medicine Bottle, Sky Tremor Bomb, Divine Fire Talisman and other items to open the way. He was completely vulnerable.

They swept along.

In Qin Luo's backpack, a large batch of spider silk sacs appeared. After the spider poison sacs, they arrived at the last area of the tainted poison zone.

"Is this Lin Ying?"

Looking at the giant human-faced spider resting on the spider web, Qin Sheng took a deep breath and cast a detection spell at her!