Chapter 578: Deal, Blood Of The Dragon God (2)

"It seems like my strength will be greatly improved before the final battle!"

Qin Sheng was a complete fool if he still did not understand.

But he did not know.

Just what sort of level could this increase reach?

Fortunately.

Before this, he had already planned ahead.

Otherwise…

Even with the Dragon Emperor's help, if one's foundation was too weak, even if one were to pull a sapling to help it grow, one's lower limit would be too low due to the water bucket theory.

The current him was completely different from when he had agreed to the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform and left the Dragon Island.

Even though it was only half a month, the increase in strength was simply explosive.

First, he encountered the Blood Rose by chance, took advantage of the Moon Temple mission, befriended Zhang Daoming, obtained the Talisman Technique, Duality Dao Sword, Glazed Daoist Robe, Talisman Formation, and the Nine Symbolic Words Incantation that he was about to obtain.

Following which, Sanguine Primrose and Sanguine Primrose completed the Ice Shrine quest. Not only did they obtain a Legendary mount, they also obtained a Qilin Bloodline Ice Crystal, allowing their [Life Prayer] to reach Legendary rank. With the blessing of the Flower Goddess and the Snow Goddess, their strength had greatly increased.

This was something he had painstakingly obtained!

Or else.

Given Qin Luo's temper and his pride, how could he possibly follow a group of proud women and endure their arrogance and impoliteness? His actions were almost akin to licking dogs.

He had no choice.

In order to increase his strength, he had no choice but to do so!

Helpless.

Fortunately.

In the end, all the pain had turned into a sweet fruit. At least he had not given up for nothing.

Now.

When the final battle was about to begin, he completed the second stage mission and entered the special wilderness dungeon [Demon Palace] in order to improve his strength at the final stage.

This was the best that Qin Sheng could do!

He had originally thought that this was the only way.

Yet.

Unexpectedly.

There was actually the Dragon Monarch’s unexpected joy.

Since the Dragon Emperor had come looking for him, and since the Dragon Emperor had already said it out loud, then he definitely had something to rely on. Something that could move his heart, something that could be borrowed in exchange for a favor, or perhaps he could obtain the Dragon God’s blood that he had always coveted!

That's right.

He was not sure just now, but now Qin Luo was 90% sure that the Dragon Emperor had taken a fancy to the Dragon God's blood in his hands.

After all.

Apart from this, what else was there for the poor him to be valued by a big shot like the Dragon Emperor?

Qin Sheng did not dislike such blatant covetousness.

You have me, but I don't!

I have you, but you don't!

It was pretty good to be able to reach a cooperation or a transaction base.

In comparison.

He had no value at all. He had been cast aside like a pair of worn-out shoes and had even ignored Qin Luo. Qin Sheng still liked to have chips in his hands and could become a negotiator.

"The Dragon race likes to collect treasures. I'm not exempt from this, but…"

The Dragon Emperor looked at Qin Luo apologetically and continued, "It's just that the toys that I've collected are not practical for you now."

Qin Sheng:…

What did that mean?

What do you mean?

Are you looking down on me?

Okay.

You do have the right to look down on me.

As a level-100 max level big shot, the lowest grade was legendary or even stronger. Furthermore, his identity was the Dragon Emperor. Those that could catch his eye were definitely not ordinary.

He would not see her.

In the equipment store in Dragon City, the most trashy item was also a Rank 50 Third Stage equipment.

Even common goods were like this, how could the Dragon Emperor’s treasury be inferior to store goods?

"However, the items on you are not bad. In fact, there are quite a few of them that have great potential. You just need to strengthen them a little and they will be different!"

The Dragon Emperor replied, “It’s just that this kind of extremely high grade special equipment requires a specific material and extremely high craftsmanship. Otherwise, it would be difficult to complete!”

Come on!

He finally hit the nail on the head.

A specific material!

An excellent craftsmanship!

There was nothing to say.

This must be a bargaining chip that only you can offer!

"I hope you won't be stingy!"

Having said that, Qin Sheng did not bother to hide it anymore. He directly asked for it. At the same time, he took out his own bargaining chip. "Of course, I won't let you lose for nothing. I heard that you like collecting things, so there's nothing in my hands that is worthy of your attention. Only the Dragon God's reward from before still has a drop of the Dragon God's blood left. I hope you can accept it!"

Instantly.

The Dragon Emperor’s breathing became hurried, and his originally calm eyes became extremely terrible.

"As expected, this old boy is staring at my Dragon God's blood!"

Qin Luo could not help but sneer at his behavior.

"However, all the people in the world come for profit. Other than your parents, no one would treat you well for no reason. It's just nice, this deal where we take what we need is even better. What you want, what I want, no one owes anyone!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out the Dragon God's blood with a face full of smiles and placed it on the table. His face was full of sincerity, but he had a different thought in his heart. "As long as I get through this hurdle, the world will be vast from now on. The reward of SSS is enough for me to hold on until I explode. At the same time, I'll befriend the Dragon Emperor and at least establish a superficial friendship. A drop of the Dragon God's blood that's basically useless is worth it!"

"Alright, then I shall not refuse!"

The Dragon Emperor didn’t even bother to pretend to be polite. He looked at the Dragon God’s blood with fiery eyes and said, “Little brother, don’t laugh at me. It’s really the Dragon God’s blood. To us, it’s really too big of a relationship.”

"Understood! Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded. "Even as a human, I've benefited greatly from consuming the blood of the Dragon God back then. As the Dragon Emperor, my bloodline is pure. With the guidance and strengthening of the Dragon God's blood, I'm sure I can reach a higher level of enlightenment. I'll congratulate you here first!"

"Hahaha…"

The Dragon Monarch was in a great mood as he said with a smile, “Then I’ll thank little brother for your kind words!… Since little brother is so forthright, big brother won’t be stingy. These are all carefully selected by this big brother. They will definitely be of some help to little brother.”

Ding… congratulations on completing the hidden mission—[Trading with Dragon Emperor]. You have lost the Dragon God's blood * 1. You have received a secret letter * 1. Introduction letter * 1. Hand token * 1. Terrifying Dragon Tea * 2 pounds. Dragon Emperor's favorability + 500! '

Hu…

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief at the system's prompt.

The false civility was finally over.

"My time is limited, so I won't delay any longer!"

After obtaining the Dragon God's blood, the Dragon Emperor could not wait to order Qin Sheng to leave. However, when he saw Qin Sheng taking out something, his eyes became fiery again and he immediately shut his mouth, as if he was not the one who said "no delay" just now.

"Brother, what are you doing?"

Looking at those azure colored scales that were filled with the Dragon God’s aura, the Dragon Emperor’s breathing suddenly became rapid, and his eyes shone as if he had just seen the Dragon God’s blood!