Chapter 572: Ice Python Core, Ice Evolution (2)

F*ck!

Meat, meat, all meat!

Was there nothing on this guy other than meat and skin?

"Core, come out!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Bing Bing, who was surrounded by the power of ice. She could not take the crucial step due to the scarcity of energy. She was stuck there, neither going up nor down. Seeing that her evolution was about to fail, he gritted his teeth and performed the collection technique even more frantically.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 9! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Meat * 10! '

…

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Frost Python's complete cartilage * 1.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Dark Ice Python Inner Core * 1.

He got it!

With a cold inner core the size of a basketball in his arms, Qin Sheng abandoned the corpse of the Dark Ice Python that he had yet to finish harvesting and ran towards Bing Bing. He threw it over heavily.

"Roar…"

With the help of the inner core of the Dark Ice Python, the majestic power of ice merged into it. Bing Bing cried out excitedly and opened her mouth to absorb the pure energy within the inner core. In an instant, the azure blue light that lingered around her body shone brightly, dazzling to the extreme.

Ding… congratulations, your mount Ice has successfully evolved! '

The system's prompt made Qin Luo's heart relax.

"M-Master!"

A slightly hoarse and timid voice appeared in Qin Sheng's mind.

"Bing Bing?"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at Bing Bing in disbelief.

Looking at her joyful expression, the pair of eyes that were more lively and more human-like than before instantly opened their mouths and could not be closed.

“So…”

When Bing Bing spoke, Qin Sheng immediately recalled the voice that had reminded him at the critical moment earlier. He could not help but raise his head and look at Xiaoxiao who was floating in the air.

"What are you looking at? I'm the one talking."

Seeing Qin Sheng's surprised and bewildered gaze, Xiaoxiao could not help but roll her eyes.

“You can talk?”

Qin Qin Sheng asked dumbly.

"I have the supreme Five-clawed Golden Dragon bloodline. So what if I can speak?"

Xiaoxiao replied.

"Then before you…"

Qin Luo had a toothache.

"Aren't you tired of talking? Isn't it good to sleep? If it weren't for the fact that an idiot like you doesn't have any common sense at all and wants to cause Little Sister Qilin's evolution to fail, I wouldn't have spoken!"

Xiaoxiao said proudly.

Qin Sheng:…

I'm an idiot. I don't have common sense. I'm really sorry!

Damn it!

I'm just an ordinary human. Who knows about these strange things!

"Alright, stop asking. I don't know either."

Seeing that Qin Sheng was about to open his mouth, Xiaoxiao was the first to speak, blocking his words back into her mouth. "These are all from my inherited memories. Only with my continuous improvement can I continuously unlock the seal and learn more knowledge and secrets."

As he spoke.

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to respond, Xiaoxiao's ten-meter-long body rapidly shrunk back to her miniature form. She landed on his shoulder again and yawned longly before falling asleep again.

F*ck!

Are you Nan Nan?

Apart from sleeping?

"Forget it. Fortunately, there's still Bing Bing."

Qin Luo Sheng, who was so depressed that he almost vomited blood, was in a much better mood when he saw Bing Bing standing quietly at the side.

Unlike Xiaoxiao, who had signed a blood contract of equal status, although Bing Bing was also a blood contract, at least he was the master. The difference was quite big.

This…

Obedient.jpg!

I felt comforted.

"Bing Bing, can you speak?"

Qin Qin Sheng reached out and gently stroked Bing Bing's head.

"I… can… master!"

Bing Bing moved, stroking Qin Sheng's hand with her head like a puppy as she replied intermittently.

"Idiot, this little Qilin has just evolved and awakened. It's like a one or two year old human baby. It's not bad that it can respond to you. The inheritance memories are only about the Qilin clan. What do you want to ask?"

Xiaoxiao said.

"Then why are you able to criticize me so clearly?"

Qin Luo said resentfully.

"Who am I? Can I be the same?"

A disdainful voice sounded. "This little Qilin is only of the Ice Qilin lineage, and it is a mixed blood Qilin. Its bloodline is not pure, so how can it be compared to me? To be able to awaken intelligence at this stage and speak human language is already not bad."

Qin Sheng:…

"If you want to communicate with her properly, then continue to increase her strength! Once she reaches maturity, she should be able to communicate with you clearly like I can."

Qin Luo Sheng nodded, indicating that he understood.

Mature?

That was rank fifty third stage.

It was still early.

Still.

Sooner or later, he would achieve it.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining skill scroll—[Absolute Freeze]! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

After taking the spoils of war that Xu Lin had dropped into his backpack, Qin Sheng continued to wreak havoc on the corpse that he had not yet cleaned.

After the Inner Core was produced, Xu Lin's value was completely drained.

"Skill Scroll?"

Qin Luo was pleasantly surprised.

Unexpectedly.

There was actually such a huge gift before his death.

[Skill Scroll (Absolute Freeze)]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Gold

Effect: Skill Record

Introduction: After using it, you can learn the skill recorded in it—Absolute Freeze (Note: Only ice-type mages)!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

I cracked right through.

Limited by ice mages?

First there was [Ice Spirit Ring], then [Absolute Freeze]. F*ck, am I fighting with an ice-type mage?

"Forget it, I won't get angry. I'll just treat this as a gift. Having the inner core to allow Bing Bing to evolve is already a huge gain. I'm content!"

Suppressing the violence in his heart, Qin Luo Sheng cleaned up the spoils of war in his backpack again.

The Augmenting Gems and other miscellaneous items were skipped. Skill Books, Scroll Formulas, and so on were not available. On the other hand, the equipment was considered to be very valuable. There were a total of seven pieces, but unfortunately, they did not drop any Epic equipment. Furthermore, the number of pieces had increased, but the quality had dropped drastically. There were only three pieces of Gold, while the other four were Silver.

"Hai, they're selling money again!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed unhappily.

His equipment had not been updated for a long time!

The armor, helmet, and ring were all still gold!

Even though the rest were all Epic equipment, as their levels increased, the original Epic equipment gradually fell behind.

However, the most infuriating thing was that after killing so many BOSSes and dropping so many pieces of equipment, they could not be replaced. Every time there were good items, they could not be used.

Tsk!

I freaking suspected the system was targeting me. And I had proof.