Chapter 582: If I Get It, I'M Lucky; If I Lost, I'M Dead

As expected of a Grandmaster.

To be able to live in a place like Dragon Restaurant, Long Duan had also conformed to the image of Qin Sheng as an otherworldly expert.

His temperament was similar.

He looked like he was ready to strike.

After receiving the secret letter from the Dragon Emperor, the Dragon Refinement began immediately.

"Brat, I already know what the Dragon Emperor's secret letter said. If you need anything for forging, take it all out. Remember, it's everything. You only have one chance. If you're missing anything, I won't acknowledge the rest!"

Long Duan said calmly.

"Understood!"

Qin Luo nodded and immediately removed all his equipment.

Even if this Grandmaster wanted to show off, he had to cooperate with him.

“Brat, are you playing with me?”

Long Duan's face darkened when he saw how shameless Qin Sheng was.

Equipment was still acceptable.

But.

Qin Luo Sheng even took out the Dragon God Command. Was he trying to stir up trouble?

If he could even do something to a treasure bestowed by the Dragon God's Imperial Order, then he would not be a Grandmaster when he Dragon Forged. Instead, he would be a martial grandmaster. In fact, he would be an illusory Divine Forging Master above that!

"This, this, this, put everything away. Leave the rest to me!"

Dragon God Command, Water Vein Spirit Bead, Soul Guiding Lamp, Spider Thread Launcher, Medal of Courage, Medal of Honor, Life Praying, Death's Embrace, and Illusionary Spirit ribbon were all pushed back. The rest was left behind by Dragon Forging.

"With the [Dragon God Command], it seems like you are the current Dragon Lord of the Human Tribe who has caused a huge commotion in the Dragon City, right?"

The Dragon Refinement looked at Qin Sheng with interest and said, "I can strengthen these things for you and make them stronger, but…"

Qin Luo could not help but ask, "But what?"

"Time is not an issue. With my skills, I can finish all these toys in a day!"

Long Duan said nonchalantly, "However, this material…"

“Grandpa Dragonforging, didn’t Lord Dragon Monarch provide the materials?”

Before Qin Luo could say anything, the Damask Rose spoke first.

"Tsk, girls really can't be kept at home when they're older!"

Long Duan beamed. “You’ve only just left the Dragon Emperor Palace, yet you’re already siding with an outsider so quickly? Your foster father’s materials are extremely precious. Are you going to push them away like this?”

The Damask King's face instantly turned pink as he lowered his head. He did not dare to utter a word and retreated in defeat. He hid behind Qin Sheng and did not stand out anymore!

"The Dragon Emperor's Seal is here. Of course, I know that the materials are from Lord Dragon Emperor!"

The Dragon Refinement did not continue to tease the Damask King. He explained in a very serious manner, "However, the Dragon Emperor's materials are too advanced. Although those materials can stimulate the potential of your little trinkets and make them stronger, you won't be able to control them with your current abilities."

Qin Sheng:…

Am I being despised?

Right?

Right!

Damn it!

He had never thought that there would be a day when he would have to give up because the materials were too strong and his equipment was too strong!

This world.

It was indeed full of surprises and drama!

"If I remember correctly, the final battle between you and that brat Long Yuan will happen in a few days, right?"

Long Duan narrowed his eyes and said, "You should understand what I mean!"

Qin Luo understood in a second!

In the past, Qin Luo would have chosen to be fiercer.

After all.

It didn't matter if he couldn't control it. One day, he would be able to.

But.

However, the final battle was in a few days, and they needed it urgently.

This was f * * king awkward!

Previously, it was a treasure that could be upgraded to Legendary or even Legendary. Now, he had no choice but to give it up and change it to a stage that he could control. It was too disgusting!

"Steady! Steady! Don't be tempted. I'm lucky if I get it, but if I lose it, it's my fate!"

Qin Luo took a few deep breaths before he finally regained his composure.

He had earned it!

He had already earned it!

Don't be greedy!

Don't be too greedy!

Originally, these things were equivalent to being picked up for free. After all, what was the price? It was just a drop of the Dragon God's blood.

The blood of the Dragon God was indeed a divine item. It could change the bloodline in one's body and evolve the bloodline. However, it was only useful for the first time. He had already used it before, and it was just a Super Recovery Potion (instantly restoring 10W + Health Mana Points) in his hand. That was it. It had no other special uses.

He could use a useless item to exchange for a full-body equipment improvement and upgrade.

If this wasn't earning money, then what was?

Enough!

It was really enough!

It was just a legendary equipment!

It was just a mythical equipment!

As long as he defeated Dragon Abyss and completed the unprecedented SSS mission, his future would be bright. He would definitely get these things one day.

What was a full-body legend?

I will definitely have a full set of Mythical equipment!

"Then what should I do? Please teach me!"

Even though he had already been appointed, Qin Luo still wanted to fight for it. What if there was a solution? After all, this strange old man before him was also a grandmaster!

"I'm only a grandmaster, not a god!"

The Dragon Refinement glanced at Qin Luo. "How can I strengthen your equipment without the materials?"

Qin Sheng:…

"However, there are ways!"

Without waiting for Qin Luo to speak, the Dragon Refinement continued, "Firstly, I will use the most suitable material to strengthen your equipment to the extent that you can use it. However, you must be mentally prepared for this. After all, your current condition is the most important. Even if you strengthen it, the ability to improve it is extremely limited."

Qin Luo Sheng nodded, indicating that he understood.

"Secondly, you need to find suitable materials. You won't be able to use the materials on Dragon Island, so you can only rely on yourself. Of course, it's not that easy to find the materials, and the time is too short. Therefore, my suggestion is that you use the first method."

Qin Luo instantly fell silent.

"Young Master."

The Damask King called out worriedly, but he did not know how to continue because there was nothing she could do.

"I have some materials, but I don't know if they are suitable for the equipment!"

Qin Sheng said.

This was not bragging.

In terms of materials, he was certain that no one was stronger than him in the entire group of players, not even the big shots of those large factions.

‘ Of course.’

This place only talked about quality, not quantity.

After killing so many BOSSES and each one of them was stronger than the last, the materials gathered were naturally stronger than the last!

Unfortunately.

With so many good materials in his possession, Qin Sheng either did not have the time or the qualifications to do so. It was simply a waste of god's gifts to keep them there.

Now.

It wasn't easy for him to have a big shot grandmaster. Why didn't he use it to stir up trouble? Was his brain damaged?