Chapter 583: Mythical Creature, Pan Long Li Water Evolution (1)

"Oh, that's interesting."

Qin Luo's words surprised Long Duan.

Still.

Looking at Qin Luo, this young man, acting like a greenhorn, it was likely that this so-called good material was not anything special.

Except.

He was already unable to help in the first place, so he did not intend to dampen the young man's enthusiasm. He immediately said, "Then bring it over for me to see if it's suitable!"

"Alright!"

Qin Luo nodded before looking at the Damask King. "My materials are at home. Do you want to go back with me?"

"Don't panic!"

Before the Damask King could reply, Long Duan spoke first. "The Damask Girl can't leave yet. I still need her to help me extract the materials. The Dragon Emperor's Treasury isn't a place that any Tom, Dick or Harry can enter, even with the Dragon Emperor's token."

Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to leave by himself.

"Young Master, you're back!"

He rushed back to the Starlight City as fast as lightning before returning to the Luo Shen Residence. He had just stepped through the gate when Mengmeng's gentle voice reached his ears.

"Little Mengmeng, Young Master is back!"

Looking at Mengmeng who resembled Luoshen, Qin Sheng walked over with large strides. He stretched out his hand and embraced the delicate willow-like waist of the Windraiser Willow. He exerted a little strength and pulled Mengmeng into his embrace as she cried out in surprise.

"Young Master!"

Mengmeng blushed. Mengmeng was shy.

Even though Mengmeng's affinity level had not reached 95 and she could not eat this girl, if it exceeded 90, some intimate actions could be done and Mengmeng would not resist.

"Mengmeng, how much materials do we have left?"

Qin Luo, who was slightly tall and sturdy, and Mengmeng, who was unusually thin, looked like a miniature version of a wild beast beauty as they walked on a path filled with sunlight and fragrance. Wherever they passed, the pretty maids who were cleaning, cutting branches, or watering flowers all bowed.

"They're all still here!"

Mengmeng's face was flushed red as she leaned against Qin Sheng's chest. She said softly, "These days, Mengmeng has been researching the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison formula that Young Master gave her. She has never been a tailor!"

"Oh, that's good!"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

"How's the research on the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison going?"

Qin Luo asked again.

"There's some progress!"

Mengmeng's face lit up at the mention of this. She said excitedly, "We have already conducted a few stages of experimentation. There is only one last stage that we have yet to overcome. Mengmeng will be able to concoct the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison in a week at most!"

"Mmm, Mengmeng is so awesome!"

Looking at the elated Mengmeng, Qin Sheng knew that she really liked researching. Otherwise, she wouldn't have such a string of terrifying titles. He immediately rubbed her little head affectionately and said, "Research is research, but don't tire yourself out. Otherwise, I'll be punished by my family!"

"Young Master is so naughty!"

Blushing, Mengmeng raised her hand and gave Qin Sheng a mischievous smile.

Ever since she was punished by her family, she could not help but blush and her heart beat faster.

Aiya!

Too embarrassing.

"Alright, Young Master still has something important to attend to. I'll introduce a sister to you later!”

Qin Luo took away all the materials from the secret chamber. He and Mengmeng stayed warm for a while, then got up and left. Mengmeng, who was very reluctant to part with him but was gentle as water as she tidied his clothes for him, softened his heart and said, "In a few days, the young master will bring you to walk on the green!"

"Really?"

Mengmeng said in surprise, "Young Master, don't lie to Mengmeng!"

"Alright, I won't lie to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng tickled Mengmeng's nose and gently kissed her fair forehead. Only then did he crush the returning scroll of Dragon City under her infatuated gaze.

…

Dragon Tower.

Qin Luo rushed back anxiously.

He first greeted Damask and Long Duan before pouring out all the materials in his backpack.

Blood Moon Corpse Teeth, Blood Moon Corpse Poison, Ghostmother’s resentment, Evil Infant’s Ghost Eyes, Howling Moon Wolf Fang, Howling Moon Wolf Skin, Black Iron Chains, and Corpse King’s Heart. There were all sorts of demon cores, Gale Wolf Skin, Dark Devil Flaming Bear Skin, Hundred Feet Centipede’s Feet, Black Water Demon Snake Skin, Thunderbolt Tiger Skin and Fang, special virus samples, Blood Spirit Crystal, Millennium Venom, Flood Dragon’s scales, Water Venomous Snake’s Core Qi, Shattered Soul Flame, Earth Devil Ape’s Core…

Not all of them were high-grade goods, but most of them were high-grade goods. The rest were also special good materials, not much worse!

"You really can't judge a book by its cover!"

As a Grandmaster, he was obsessed with materials just like how players treated their equipment.

Upon seeing Qin Luo take out such a large pile of good stuff, Long Duan was stunned on the spot. His face was flushed red with excitement.

"I can use most of these things. With some of the items taken from the Dragon Emperor's treasure vault, I can greatly enhance your equipment!"

He was a grandmaster after all. After his excitement, he quickly recovered. He looked at Qin Sheng and asked, "Do you have any special requests?"

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately shook his head. Even though he was also a Weapon Refinement Master and had advanced weapon refinement techniques and was not considered an outsider, in front of a grandmaster like Dragon Refinement, what was the difference between him and an outsider?

Professionals doing professional work!

If you don't understand, then don't talk nonsense. Otherwise, you might end up hurting yourself.

"I'll leave everything to you!"

Long Duan looked at Qin Sheng deeply without saying anything.

He understood what Qin Sheng meant.

Taking out so many good equipment and materials, he didn’t feel any heartache at all. He didn’t even give any instructions and trusted them completely.

This boldness…

As expected of the Dragon God, he personally bestowed the [Dragon God Command] to a young man who was equal to the Dragon Emperor!

"Oh right, there's one more thing. Can I trouble you?"

Qin Sheng thought of something when he saw that the Dragon Refinement was about to begin. He took out a blueprint from his backpack and asked with anticipation.

"Let me see!"

Qin Luo took the blueprint from Qin Sheng's hands, though no one knew what he was thinking.

[Unknown blueprint]

Type: Blueprint

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: One-time consumable blueprint. It records the forging of a tool! (Requires Grandmaster Forging Skill)

That's right.

It was this blueprint.

It had just been collected from the corpse of the Demon Palace's Fifth Demon King, Gongsun Zhuang, yesterday. Accompanying it were the Fist Emperor Scripture and the Earth Demon Ape core that had just been given out!

"This blueprint is very profound!"

After scrutinizing it for a long time, a strange expression appeared on the Dragon Forging's face. "It records a special divine weapon forging method. Ordinary people can't understand it. Only those who have reached the Grandmaster level can decipher it! Kid, where did you find this thing?"