Chapter 586: Mythical Creature, Pan Long Li Water Evolution (4)

"Good, good!"

Looking at the shining equipment, Qin Sheng was not dissatisfied at all. He immediately nodded his head repeatedly and kept them all. Then, he pushed out the Dragon Tower respectfully.

"We've struck gold this time!"

Qin Sheng could not stop grinning from ear to ear as he listened to the system prompts that kept ringing in his ears. They were all questions from Qin Luo, who had entered the equipment rankings.

"Let's take a look at the enhanced attributes first!"

Qin Luo rubbed his hands together and took out the most anticipated [Coiling Dragon Water].

The attributes were not seen yet.

However, the two words "myth" had already made his eyes bulge and he was dazzled!

Coiling Dragon Li Water!

Evolved to the Mythical stage?

Qin Luo.

It exploded instantly!

"Ding, your Mythical equipment [Coiling Dragon Water] is ranked first on the equipment ranking. Do you want to reveal your ID?"

Indeed.

I'm not f*cking seeing things. [Coiling Dragon Water] has really become a Mythical equipment!

"Reveal!"

Long ago, [Coiling Dragon Water] had dominated the equipment ranking.

This was already exposed. It didn't matter anymore.

Qin Sheng would only hide special gadgets like ghost masks. Not to mention revealing his ID, he wouldn't even let it be on the equipment rankings.

"Mythical, my first piece of ceiling equipment!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was flushed with excitement like a baboon, almost jumping up and down to release his excitement.

He opened his characteristic panel.

[Coiling Dragon Li Water (+ 10)]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Mythical

Requirement: Warrior

Durability: 100 / 100

Effect: Attack + 28,000 (+ 16,000), Strength + 1,800

Enhancement Reward: + 100% Physical Attack (This condition is limited to increasing the weapon's attack) + 10 to Enhancement: When attacking, there is a 50% chance of doubling the damage of the attack!

Special Effect: [Dragon Soul] Coiling Dragon has a living dragon soul resting in the water. When attacking, there is a certain chance of triggering the remaining dragon's might in the dragon soul. It will shock the enemy and cause a Stun effect for at least 5 seconds. The Snake Race's effect will be doubled. Immunity above the True Dragon! (The same target can only be effective once)

Special Effect: [Water Parting] Coiling Dragon Parting Water contains the power of Water Parting. Physical attacks can be transformed into water-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to inflict Water Parting Damage on the target, reducing their resistance to water-type attacks to a certain extent. This will cause the target to be eaten by the Water Parting Water. The body will become heavier and the recovery effect will be weakened (can be increased continuously)!

Special Effect: [Dragon Fire] Coiling Dragon Water contains the fire of a True Dragon. Physical attacks can be turned into fire-type attacks (can be deactivated). At the same time, when attacking, there is a chance to burn the target with dragon fire, reducing a certain amount of fire-type resistance and forcibly burning 8,000 Health Points!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Soul Impact] consumes 5,000 Mana. Activates the dragon soul from the Coiling Dragon Water. Attacks energy in a straight line 30 meters ahead, dealing 1000% damage. There is a chance of crippling, intimidating, and fearful. Cooldown: 2 hours!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] consumes 10,000 Mana Points. Activates the Water Fire Dragon Soul from the Coiling Dragon Water. Activates the Water and Fire Fusion Forbidden Spell. Explode within a 50 * 50 radius area, causing 800% basic damage. At the same time, there is an additional 10,000 points of Scorching Flames per second. 10,000 points of Freeze Damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: Seven days!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Bead] consumes 100,000 Mana Points to activate the Metal, Water and Fire Dragon Souls of the Coiling Dragon Water, manifesting the Dragon Transformation Soul. With the power of Heaven and Earth, lock onto a target and use it as a "bead". It will release energy and cause 3000% damage! Cooldown: Seven days! (Note: Due to the high energy consumption of this skill, you cannot use energy for the next three days.)

Endowment: [Ascending Dragon Slaying] is a special ability formed by the power of the stars. It has a + 500% damage to dragons, + 1000% damage to serpents, reduces 20% of the abilities of the scaled warriors in the world, and has an additional effect of Dragon Slaying. 30% chance of killing in one strike!

Introduction: Unknown origins. It's said to be the weapon of a Heavenly God. It uses Li Water, one of the top ten mystical waters as its main energy source. Sealed inside is the soul of a True Dragon, hence its name, Coiling Dragon Li Water.

This…

Qin Qin Sheng swallowed hard.

It was indescribable.

It was completely indescribable.

Too strong.

Was this a Mythical equipment?

Indeed.

Just like Epic and Gold, myths and legends were not on the same channel. They were in the same dimension.

Attack and power increased tenfold.

The special effect dragon soul remained the same.

Li Water and Dragonfire were strengthened.

Due to Li Water's focus on control, nothing could be seen on the introduction panel, but the dragon fire was very direct. The burning damage increased from 3,000 to 8,000 and exploded.

Endowment remained unchanged.

However, the supplementary skill [Dragon Soul Impact] [Forbidden Spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] was much more powerful!

Other than that.

Due to the addition of the dragon spirit of the five-clawed golden dragon, even though it did not awaken special effects like [Water Parting] and [Dragon Fire], it had awakened a forbidden skill—[Forbidden Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Pearl]!

[Forbidden Curse: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] was a group curse!

[Forbidden Curse: Triple Dragon Drama Pearl] was a single-target forbidden spell!

Damn it!

Damage 3000%?

Seriously!

It was extremely violent!

This time.

He had another trump card against Long Yuan.

Mythical divine armaments were naturally of sufficient grade. They were extremely sharp and could definitely break through Dragon Abyss's thick dragon scales defense!

The sword edge was like this.

The additional skills were even more so.

Are you afraid of two forbidden spells?

The three great dragon souls coexisted.

He might not be able to suppress Long Yuan, but at the very least, they should be on equal footing, right?

"Continue! Continue!"

Qin Sheng, whose blood was boiling because of [Coiling Dragon Li Water], continued to check excitedly.

"This is too awesome!"

Qin Sheng put on the enhanced equipment one by one. His face flushed with excitement, he said, "As expected of a Grandmaster, as expected of the many good materials I've spent. This craftsmanship is truly amazing!"

"Let's go! Let's go!"

He was prepared to go to the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion to replenish his potions. Even though he had the ability to suck blood and could be considered a perpetual motion machine, the consumption of mana was a little tight, and sucking blood could not absorb mana.

“I’ll be damned. Now there’s a d

A potion? "

Qin Luo gave himself a tight slap.

Previously, after drinking the Terrifying Dragon Tea, his Health Points and Mana Recovery had increased by 10%. With the current attribute base, there was a total of 17% Mana Recovery speed every second. Unless he used forbidden spells consecutively, or used the [Forbidden Curse Triple Dragon Drama Bead] that consumed 10W + Mana points, he could not keep up with the restoration speed with just the consumption of other skills.

"Spatial Jump!"

In a flash, Qin Sheng returned to the Demon Palace.

"We've wasted more than a day's time. Today, let's try to clear the Demon Palace. At the very least, we have to kill our way to the Demon Lord Palace and face the final Boss, Lin Xiao!"

Time was of the essence. There were only four days left until the final battle.

He had originally planned to stay for three days to prepare for the battle.

Unexpectedly.

Because of the equipment improvement, it was delayed.

Still.

And that was exactly why.

Qin Qin Sheng's goal had been achieved even better.

After all.

According to the original plan.

He only wanted to level up to level 40, take the Duality Dao Sword, put on the Glass Daoist Robe, complete the Second Stage Profession, successfully advance to the Second Stage Profession, obtain additional attributes, and evolve into a Shadow Warrior. Additionally, with his last resort, all the equipment that could be forged would be enhanced by + 10!

That was all!

Now.

He had paid a drop of the Dragon God’s blood and a piece of the Dragon God’s Scale in exchange for the enhancement of his entire body’s equipment. It was simply worth it.

The Dragon Forging Grandmaster looked unapproachable, but he was actually a good person.

Not only did he upgrade his equipment, but he also did things to the end. He increased all the equipment that he could upgrade to the maximum and fulfilled his promise perfectly.

Unfortunately.

What Qin Luo Sheng regretted was that he had left the Duality Dao Sword and the Glass Daoist Robe at home. Otherwise, with his Dragon Forging Grandmaster-level capabilities, he could easily strengthen them by + 10 without even having to pay the cost of materials. It would be equivalent to freeloading.

Sigh.

It was too late.

At that time, his brain was made of steel. He hadn't thought of this possibility. Now that the other party had gone into seclusion to study the blueprint and was preparing to become a martial grandmaster, it was impossible for him to come out of seclusion for such a small matter.

"It seems that after completing the Demon Palace mission, I still need to strengthen myself!"

Qin Luo Sheng was helpless. "Enhancement + 10. This is not an easy task. The materials are easy to deal with, but the key is the success rate. It's truly a scam. I'm afraid that if I'm unlucky, it will circulate endlessly. When the time comes, my mentality will explode before the battle even begins."

———————

Author's Note: The introduction is a little too much, the additional 700 words are considered as gifts. I will read up on the attributes and equipment and write a chapter of narration!