Chapter 588: The Flaming Area Of The Mountain Valley

This was the center of the five forks.

The guardians of the four forked roads at the side, the three demon kings, Sun Qing, the four demon kings, Lin Ying, the five demon kings, Gongsun Zhuang, and the six demon kings, Xu Lin, had already fallen in Qin Sheng's hands.

After obtaining the keys from the four Demon Kings, Qin Sheng finally had the qualifications to walk on the path to the Demon Lord Palace.

Previously, the four Demon Kings had each guarded a region. It was as if they were protecting the four armies of the capital city and the capital city, guarding the path in the middle.

Next.

The remaining four Demon Kings were all on this path.

The first person he encountered was the Eighth Demon King, Qin Zhen.

The great demon king Lin Xiao was in the depths of the Demon Lord Palace.

Yi Ping, the Second Demon King, was Lin Xiao's lover. Although she was also guarding an area, she was definitely not far from her wild man. Otherwise, how could she meet him?

According to the information, the Seven Demon Kings Li Zhan was a lone soldier, the number one warrior, and the number one swordsman. He traveled alone, and his identity was similar to Lin Xiao's bodyguard. He was naturally the closest to Lin Xiao's "harem".

The Eighth Demon King, Qin Zhen.

He was no different from the other four Demon Kings who had died tragically.

However…

He was a pure mage who commanded the magic troops of the Second Army.

Everyone knew that.

Mages were the most fragile existence, but Mages were also extremely destructive. Especially when many Mages gathered together to form a team and use magic together to attract the elemental energy riot, it was simply a battlefield harvester, an extremely destructive existence.

Such troops.

Needless to say, they would receive the best protection. They would hide behind the main group and would not be easily exposed.

In that case…

Being protected by the cannon fodder of the first four Demon Kings, they could only come into contact with the magic troops after they were completely destroyed. This made sense.

[Fire Mage [Dark] (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 36

Health Points: 520000

Mana: 380000

Physical Attack: 600

Magic Attack: 5,500

Physical Defense: 800

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 1,800

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally a member of the magic team of the Towering Kingdom's Second Army, after following the judgment of the Army Commander Lin Xiao, he entered the Dark Abyss and was corroded by the power of darkness. Even though he still retained his original strength, the power of the elements was no longer pure. It was mixed with some power of the dark elements, causing his strength to decrease!

"It's alright!"

Upon seeing the attributes of the monster, Qin Luo heaved a huge sigh of relief. "Even though this fellow is considered very strong at this level, it's still a little lacking compared to the other monsters in the Demon Palace."

‘ Of course.’

‘ That’s not how you settle accounts.’

The attributes panel of a mage and the attributes panel of a warrior were definitely inferior.

Still.

It was true that these guys, like the Frost Python and the Demonic Spider, posed no threat to Qin Sheng.

"Initially, for the sake of the magic troops, they released magic together like a tsunami. It was comparable to a forbidden spell. How impressive was that? But now?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the few scattered magicians not far away. They were languid and lifeless, without any sense of alarm. He could not help but sneer. "Perhaps it's because they've lived a comfortable life for too long, or perhaps it's because they no longer treat themselves as soldiers. The former ace troops and the big artillery towers on the battlefield have been completely crippled!"

"Gaze of Death!"

"Dragon Might!"

The two debuff skills were used.

Dealing with these minions was the fastest and most effective method.

A sweep.

None of them were a match for him.

If it had been a meat shield like the Frost Python, Qin Sheng would still have needed to exert a bit of strength. However, a crispy chicken like a mage was simply too weak. Coupled with the fact that Qin Sheng was fully equipped and his stats were off the charts, killing him was as smooth as killing a chicken.

In less than an hour.

Qin Luo Sheng rode on Bing Bing and brought Xiaoxiao into the heart of the flaming area.

"Oh? You finally look like the Magic Legion of the past!"

The hinterland area was finally no longer as scattered as the outer area earlier. Because of the strengthening of the [Eye of Obsidian], Qin Sheng's field of vision had also expanded to a hundred meters away. He could easily see a large group of monsters gathered before him.

“That fellow should be Qin Zhen, right?”

Groups of them were situated in the middle of the battle formation. There was a gigantic monster whose entire body was wreathed in flames. His skin was the color of purple crystals, and his appearance was somewhat similar to that of a lion. Even from a hundred meters away, Qin Sheng could still sense the terrifying might emanating from him.

"This is like a hornet's nest!"

Qin Luo glanced at the distribution of the monsters and felt very troubled.

"With so many of them, once they attack or even appear, it will definitely trigger a chain reaction and provoke all the monsters."

After observing the terrain for a while, Qin Luo could not help but frown. "The terrain of this valley is narrow and sealed. There isn't much room for movement at all. Furthermore, each and every one of these guys are magi. When they join forces, the magic covers the skies and covers the earth. It's like an attack that covers everything. There's no way to avoid it."

To other players, the BOSS was definitely the scariest.

Yet.

For Qin Sheng, if it was a one-on-one fight, a BOSS like Qin Zhen, who was merely a Gold Strengthening Boss, would be nothing more than a vegetable that he could knead as he wished.

Instead.

These ordinary monsters, under special circumstances, became his threat.

“If ordinary methods don’t work, then we’ll have to use some strong materials!”

Qin Luo Sheng moved the Coiling Dragon Li Water and drew a sword flower. "Fight violence with violence!"

"Bing Bing!"

Gently patting Bing Bing's head, Bing Bing understood and ran inside.

"Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"

The mental strength of a mage was extremely powerful. The moment Qin Luo Sheng did not conceal his aura, he immediately sensed an intruder and started shouting.

"Who is it?"

At the center of the formation, Qin Zhen, who was half-human and half lion, was also startled awake. He stared at Qin Sheng, who was riding on Bing Bing, and couldn’t help but widen his eyes in disbelief. “How could this be? When did the Demon Palace get invaded by this old man? Bastard! What are those four pieces of trash doing? Can’t they even send a warning?”

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

After two consecutive buffs, Bing Bing became even faster. She was like a blue ghost as she weaved through the crowd of monsters.

"Gaze of Death!"

"Dragon Might!"

He tried his best to spread out the two weakening skills. Instantly, large numbers of damage numbers appeared above the monster's head.

A 40% reduction was a huge blow.

Instantly.

The power and frequency of Qin Luo's various magic attacks had greatly decreased.

"Stop him! A bunch of useless people! We can't even kill one person with so many people!"

Qin Zhen’s eyes nearly popped out of his head as he watched the troops that he was so proud of using as public restrooms. He roared, “Form up and surround them!”

——————

Author's Note: Congratulations to the newbie big shot for becoming the first leader of this book. Thank you big shot for your support!