Chapter 584: Mythical Creature, Pan Long Li Water Evolution (2)

"Then…"

Qin Luo hesitated.

He wanted to ask if he could get this thing out.

Except.

If he asked this question, it would seem as if he was questioning the other party. It was really difficult for him to speak.

"I'll make this!"

Dragon Forging suddenly spoke, "I've forged countless treasures in my lifetime. However, ever since I reached the Zongshi realm, there are very few things that can interest me. This thing is very special. If I can successfully forge it, I might be able to take another step forward!"

"Thank you, Senior!"

Qin Sheng was naturally overjoyed that the Grandmaster was willing to help. However, he was also a little hesitant. "It's just that I'm afraid it'll be difficult for me to gather all these materials."

"Don't worry, this is my work to become a martial grandmaster. I can't be careless!"

Long Duan smiled indifferently and said, “You’re definitely unable to take out those materials that need to be used. After so many years, I’ve collected quite a few good goods, so it’s time for me to use them. If I’m missing something, then I’ll just take it from the Dragon Monarch’s treasury. In any case, this is yours, so he promised you that he’ll give you some convenience. It’s a waste not to use it.”

Qin Luo was ecstatic. He wished he could hug this old man and give him a good kiss.

An equipment that was at least a legend and had a high probability of being a myth was about to be born. Furthermore, it was his.

Not only that.

Apart from paying a blueprint, he did not care about anything else.

Such a good thing could not be found even if you tried!

"Thank you senior for your righteousness!"

Qin Luo Sheng bowed respectfully.

"No need!"

Long Duan waved his hand. "I'm not doing this for you. It's just for me to become a martial grandmaster. There's no need to thank me!"

F*ck!

Are you not giving me any face?

Qin Qin Sheng was very embarrassed.

However…

So what if it was awkward?

Of course it was to forgive him!

Faced with such a weird-tempered grandmaster, they could not afford to offend him at all!

"By the way, do I need to pay attention to anything regarding the integration of the dragon soul?"

When he saw the impatience on Qin Luo's face, he tactfully prepared to turn around and leave. However, just as he turned his head, he recalled something and hurriedly took out the [Coiling Dragon Water] and the Spirit of the Dragon Emperor for the Dragon Refinement to see.

In the past, the [Coiling Dragon Water] had evolved, and Qin Sheng had gained some insights.

Except.

There was a big shot in front of him. Furthermore, this was an evolution above the Legendary stage. It was better to be careful. There was no harm in asking more seniors.

"You brat…"

The [Coiling Dragon Water] made the Dragon Refinement's eyes light up, but the Spirit of the Dragon Emperor made the Dragon Refinement's expression complicated.

The Dragon Emperor even took out the spirit of a True Dragon that he had nurtured himself. It could be seen that he had an extraordinary high opinion of this boy in front of him.

That made sense.

If he did not really think highly of him, why would he introduce him to him?

He was only one step away from mastering the Dragon Refinement. Even the Dragon King did not have the right to make him do it. Even the Dragon Emperor himself had to owe him a favor to be able to hire him.

"Give it to me!"

Long Duan shook his head and received the [Coiling Dragon Water] and the Spirit of the Dragon Emperor. Then, he waved his hand and said, "If there's nothing else, scram. Come back after a day!"

Qin Sheng:…

What should he do?

If he was chased out, of course he would leave!

Could it be that he wanted to stay here and make others dislike him?

If he had left earlier, he would have been able to start the Dragon Refinement a moment earlier. Was this not fragrant?

Time waits for no man!

Aside from the imminent Endwar, there was still the Demon Palace mission that hadn't been completed.

The good thing was that he had risked his life previously and was online 24 hours a day. He had used his life to destroy the prerequisite area of the Demon Palace. He had killed his way into the Demon Palace a day or two earlier to save time.

Otherwise…

It was too late to wait another day for the equipment improvement.

…

In the real world.

At the amusement park.

"Hurry up, it's already out, why are you still angry!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the two beauties, one big and one small, slowly walking towards him. He was especially pleased when he felt the countless angry and jealous gazes around him. Of course, it would be even better without Nan Nan pouting and getting angry.

The equipment in the Destiny World was given to the Dragon Forging Grandmaster to strengthen. Without the equipment, it was equivalent to a tiger without its claws and teeth. With Hidden Dragon Pavilion's stock, it was easy to exchange for a set.

However…

With the lowest grade Epic equipment, leveling up was not a problem. Even if he continued to stay in the Demonic Column, with the support of many skills, as long as he did not meet the Demon King Lin Xiao, other Demon Kings who only strengthened their Gold strength were not afraid.

But Qin Luo gave up.

For the past few days, ever since the restrictions were lifted, he spent most of his time in the game world.

…

Sister Su, who had been flirting with him all this while, also talked less.

Taking advantage of this opportunity.

He dragged Nannan out of the room forcefully and invited Su Youran to the amusement park as an apology.

"I don't know what you're thinking. Don't girls like to play?"

Qin Sheng passed the two girls the ice cream cone in his hands. He looked at Nannan, who was licking the ice cream cone happily but was still a little unhappy. He said in a speechless manner, "Isn't the amusement park happy?"

"Alright, let's go and play roller coaster?"

Sister Su grabbed Nannan's hand. Her expression was different from her usual gentle and dignified look. She looked slightly crazy.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo smiled. He had not expected Sister Su to be so playful and to be so crazy.

The roller coaster.

That was a "dangerous project" that many boys did not dare to participate in!

All day.

Qin Qin Sheng accompanied the two girls and played all the attractions in the amusement park.

It had to be said.

Qin Qin Sheng was rather impressed.

He was a big man and his physical fitness was very strong. He was a superman. Naturally, this was not a problem for him.

But the quiet Sister Su, the delicate Nannan.

He could actually follow her all the way.

What kind of monster was this?

Was she still a girl?

Impressive, my sister!

In the evening.

The amusement park closed.

The three of them, who had enjoyed themselves the whole day, left with the crowd.

"Let's go and have a feast. I've already reserved a seat!"

Qin Qin Sheng took out his phone and hailed a taxi.

“Well, why don’t we buy groceries and go home to cook?”

Sister Su hesitated.

The amusement park had already spent quite a bit of money today. Other than the tickets for the amusement park, there were also rentals for clothing, food, drinks, and so on. Everyone in the amusement park knew that it would definitely be quite expensive.

And now it was a feast.

After this trip, the number could not hit five digits.

"There will be plenty of opportunities for you to show off your skills in the future. Let's forget about today. You're all tired. It's a rare opportunity to have a good meal and enjoy!"

Qin Luo immediately understood Su Qianxun's concern. He shook his head and rejected her.

Are you kidding me?

The current him, even the amount of money lying in his bank account had already exceeded nine digits. It was just a table of tens of thousands of yuan. It was just a drop in the ocean.