Chapter 580: Achieving His Wish, Damask Contract In Hand

"Cough cough—"

The Dragon God seemed to feel that he had gone overboard as well. He coughed dryly twice and ignored Qin Sheng's gaze. He changed the topic. "I've always wanted to let the Damask King walk out and not bind him to my tiny Dragon Emperor Palace. Now, with a hero like you taking a fancy to her and you being a person recognized by the Dragon God, you will certainly not disgrace the Damask King. Perhaps, this is her opportunity."

Qin Sheng:…

"It's just that although I've agreed to it, we'll still have to see if the Damask King is willing to do it."

The Dragon Emperor continued, "Even if it's beneficial and not harmful to follow you, Damask is unwilling. I won't force her. Brother, I hope you understand!"

"Understood!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded and handed over the Dragon God's Scale. "Regardless of success or failure, the Dragon God's Scale shall be given to you, Old Brother!"

Dragon Emperor:???

What!

What are you doing!

Brother, I'm starting to panic!

As the saying goes.

No reward without merit!

You directly offered me a bribe. If I can't do anything, where will I put my face?

Do you think I, the Dragon Monarch, don't care about my face?

‘ But—’

This Dragon God Scale was so tempting!

What if he couldn't refuse?

"This…"

The Dragon Emperor hesitated. Qin Luo's provocative actions had put him in a dilemma. He could neither accept it nor reject it.

"Lord Dragon Emperor, Lord Dragon Lord!"

At this moment, the Damask King, who had been summoned, came over and freed the Dragon Emperor from his troubled state.

"Damask, you're here!"

When his savior arrived, the Dragon Emperor's face was instantly filled with smiles, which startled the Damask King.

Even though the Dragon Monarch usually treated her very gently, it had never been like today where he was all smiles.

As the ruler of the Dragon Island and the ruler of the Dragon Clan, the Dragon Monarch could treat others as if they were bathing in a spring breeze. However, with his status, it was destined that he couldn’t act too out of line. There was no need for him to be reserved, but he couldn’t lack the necessary dignity.

But now?

Emmmmmm ~

Something was happening!

“You’ve been in my Dragon Emperor Palace for several hundred years now. Back then, I brought you back with the intention of letting you study in the Dragon Emperor Palace. With your talent, you will definitely become the pride of my Dragon Clan in the future.”

The Dragon Monarch said sincerely, “But, you’re a very stubborn child. Even though you’ve been cultivating non-stop for so many years, you’ve always considered yourself to be a maid. I’ve tried to persuade you many times, but you’ve always abided by the rules. As time passed, I’ve allowed you to do as you wish.”

Qin Sheng:…

This was really a politician!

Talk to people, talk to ghosts, talk to ghosts.

Hey hey hey…

That wasn't what you said just now!

'You're saying that the Damask King's natural endowments are not very outstanding. How did he turn into someone with impressive natural endowments in front of the person involved?'

"Thank you for your care, Dragon Emperor. I will never forget it!"

As expected, the inexperienced Damask King was fooled by the Dragon Emperor. With the Dragon Emperor's identity and the Dragon Emperor's kindness toward her, he foolishly fell into the trap.

"In the past, I let you do whatever you want because you're still young. Even though you're not weak, you've never left the Dragon City. You're too naive and you don't have a suitable opportunity."

The Dragon Monarch continued, “However, now that you’re about to reach adulthood, for the sake of your future, I can’t let you continue to stay in this Dragon Emperor Palace, wasting your years and missing out on the most beautiful youth.”

"Coincidentally, the Dragon Lord came to me today and said that he needed a spokesperson for him and the dragon race. I thought of you immediately. This is a difficult task. It's an important mission to maintain the relationship between the dragon race, the Dragon Lord, and even the dragon race and the human race."

"The Dragon Lord has acknowledged you, and I also feel that you are the best candidate. However, you are my adopted daughter, and also my brother's only heir. I respect your decision and will not interfere with your thoughts. Everything depends on you!"

Qin Luo Sheng was utterly defeated.

Look! Look!

The art of speaking really made people gasp in amazement!

I can't learn it! I can't learn it!

She clearly thought about it herself, but in the end, it turned into thinking about you.

This was too f*cking cool!

Coach, I want to learn this!

"I…"

The Damask King was stunned by the Dragon Emperor's words. He subconsciously glanced at Qin Sheng and saw that he was also looking at him. His fair and jade-like cheeks could not help but blush. His gaze shifted and he lowered his head, not daring to look into Qin Sheng's eyes. He pinched the corner of his shirt with both hands and his small and cute dragon tail swayed subconsciously. Anyone could tell that she was panicking right now.

"Damask is worried about such an important matter…"

The Dragon Emperor cut her off forcefully before she could finish speaking. "Don't worry. You're the most suitable candidate. No one in the entire Dragon City is more suitable than you."

"Then, then, Damask will let the Dragon Emperor decide!"

Who could stand this?

The Damask King surrendered on the spot and agreed.

"Hahaha, good, good…"

Having achieved his goal, the Dragon Monarch burst into laughter.

Qin Luo Sheng was also very excited.

With the Damask Dragoness around, he could completely extricate himself from the tedious process of purchasing goods in the future. He could entrust the pesticide business to her. At most, he would only need to take a little bit of time to sublimate the batch of pesticide by a miracle!

With Damask's abilities, her identity, and her connections, she was much better than him, the so-called Dragon Lord who popped out halfway. At least, she had a much better reputation in Dragon Island and Dragon City.

‘ What?’

Not agreed yet?

‘ Did you come back from Mars?’

Everyone on Earth knew what he meant.

Back in ancient times, this was how a girl's family spoke.

Rejection = Daughter wants to stay at home and serve her parents for a few more years!

Agree = 'Daughter is at the mercy of her parents!'

Right?

Right?

Was that right?

Ding… You have completed the triggering mission. You have lost the Dragon God Scale * 1. You have obtained the Dragon Lady Damask * 1! '

Shuang ~

The system's notification sounded, and this matter was completely settled. He could no longer refuse.

"Don't worry, Dragon Emperor. I'll definitely treat Damask well. I won't let her suffer any grievances."

Suppressing his excitement, Qin Sheng opened his backpack and took out the Damask King's contract to take a good look. He gave the Damask King who was peeking at him a gentle smile before he looked at the Dragon Emperor and cupped his hands in thanks.

"Of course. Damask is my adopted daughter. I won't let you off if you let her suffer!"

The Dragon Monarch’s face stiffened as he began his final act.

"The young eagle will eventually spread its wings and soar into the sky. Child, your future is not in the Dragon Emperor Palace or even the Dragon Island. The vast world outside is where you should go. I was worried about you in the past, but now that the Dragon Lord is here, I have confidence in him."

The Dragon Emperor 'affectionately' advised the Damask King, "Pack your things and go with the Dragon Lord to search for your future!"

The Damask King's tears flowed freely as he sobbed silently. He bowed to the Dragon Emperor and left obediently.