Chapter 589: Eight Demon Kings—Amethyst Flame Lion Qin Zhen

"Battle formation, surround!"

After all, they were an army, and their combat skills were extremely high.

Under Qinzheng's orders, the dazed soldiers finally found their backbone. They obeyed his orders and began to surround Qinzheng, ready to strangle him.

"How cooperative!"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng was not shocked but delighted instead.

This was the effect he wanted.

Originally, although the magic soldiers were spread out in battle formations, the distance between the two battle formations was too far, which was not beneficial for his performance.

Previously, he had only intended to stir up the situation so that these fellows could fight more closely and eliminate the enemy as much as possible.

Unexpectedly.

Qin Zhen directly issued an order like a traitor, helping him gather everyone.

This…

Thank you so much!

[Eight Demon King—Amethyst Flame Lion Qin Zhen (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 580000

Physical Attack: 3000

Magic Attack: 18,000

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 10,000

Speed: 3000

Skills:???

Introduction: The Eighth Demon King—Amethyst Flame Lion Qin Zhen. Originally, he was the captain of the Second Army Corps of Mufeng City, the commander of the Army General Lin Xiao's magic troops. Due to the influence of the Undead Lich, who destroyed seventeen cities in a row, he lost his courage and fled. In order to conceal the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of escape routes, he slaughtered countless villages and towns along the way. Finally, he escaped into the Dark Abyss Domain and devoured the power of the Amethyst Flame Lion. He obtained the magic power of the Amethyst Flame Lion and guarded one of the five major districts of the Demon Palace!

As he drew closer, Qin Luo finally discovered Qin Zhen's attributes.

So powerful.

As expected of the BOSS guarding the central passageway, his attributes were much stronger than Xu Lin and Sun Qing.

Still.

It was not enough.

Now that his equipment had been strengthened, even his weak magic defense had reached more than 17,000 stats with the addition of + 10 stats. He was not afraid of Qin Zhen at all.

Move!

Move!

It kept moving!

In less than half a minute.

Under Qin Zhen's command and the encirclement of numerous soldiers, the originally narrow valley rapidly shrunk where Qin Sheng could move. At this moment, it had already become a turtle in a jar.

"Have you reached your limit? Then, it's my turn to perform!"

Qin Sheng sneered as he looked at the densely packed monsters around him. He decisively flapped his cloak of spirit light and flew into the sky.

"He abandoned his mount and wants to escape?"

Qin Zhen could not help but sneer at Qin Sheng's actions.

Trying to escape under the Magic Legion led by him? And it was the stupidest escape!

He he…

He was looking down on them.

The Magic Legion had all kinds of attributes. They attacked indiscriminately without exception.

If he escaped from the ground, he might have a chance with his extraordinary speed.

In the air?

What a fool!

Didn't they know that a sorcerer's air control was the most terrifying?

"How magnificent!"

With the Flying effect of the Spiritual Light Cloak, Qin Luo Sheng floated in the air and watched as countless soldiers raised their staffs and chanted incantations. All sorts of magic floated up like the most beautiful fireworks, dazzling people.

"Hai, what a pity!"

Qin Luo could not help but sigh.

It was originally a famous Magic Legion of the Human Race. They guarded a region and protected the country.

In the end, he was brought into the pit by the f*cking Lin Xiao. He was like a lonely ghost, living in a place where he could not see the light of day. He could not return to his home, nor could he miss his family.

"Since your lives are worse than death and your hands are full of blood, your sins are unforgivable. Then let me exorcise you. Remember to go to hell to repay your sins and be a good person in your next life!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the hundreds of elemental magic spells and raised the [Coiling Dragon Water] high up. The divine weapon of the Mythical level shone brightly in an instant. Two dragon souls, one ice and one fire, swam out of the sword's edge and transformed into two pure energies that danced in the air.

"Forbidden Curse: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance!"

Violent energy was released, forming a terrifying energy ring that completely shattered the invading magic.

"This, this energy—forbidden spell?!!"

Qin Zhen was horrified.

As sorcerers, they had been dealing with elements all day long, so of course they knew the key.

Qin Zhen, in particular, had extremely high attainments in magic. With the help of the entire army, everyone could concentrate their magic power and form elemental resonance. They could even activate forbidden spells. They had once destroyed a small city, so they were naturally very familiar with it.

Unexpectedly.

This sudden intruder was actually able to release the Forbidden Curse alone.

Could it be…

This young man who looked to be no more than twenty was actually a Great Archmagi?

"Run!"

Everyone knew the power of a forbidden spell.

Under the extreme pressure of the Twin Dragon Souls, the originally calm soldiers' minds instantly exploded, running around like headless flies.

They wanted to run.

Yet.

Too late.

Qin Luo's earlier seduction had been for this moment.

The battle formation has been assembled, and you want to break through and leave?

Dream on!

"Die, you bunch of scum!"

Floating in the air, Qin Luo's twin dragon souls circled around him as he raised the dazzling [Coiling Dragon Water] high in the air. It was as if he was a god judging evil. Following his cold words, the Ice Fire Dragon Soul instantly exploded, transforming into thousands of specks of starlight that scattered down from the sky and began to bombard the 50x50 area that covered the entire area.

Boom boom boom boom…

Boom boom boom boom…

Boom boom boom boom…

An earth-shattering explosion rang out.

Qin Luo Sheng looked down indifferently at the numerous soldiers who were screaming in pain amidst the endless bombardment of energy. His heart was like ice, unmoved.

800% basic damage and 10,000 burn points per second, 10,000 frost damage!

Not to mention the soldiers who weren’t even Bosses, even the so-called Devil King Qin Zhen wouldn’t be able to withstand such terrifying damage.

After all.

This forbidden spell was a continuous range forbidden spell!

Even an Epic BOSS would die on the spot if they were unable to dodge or interrupt the 30-second bombardment.

21 seconds later!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Eighth Demon King—Amethyst Flame Lion Qin Zhen. You have received 800W experience points and 1200 Reputation points! '

The system notification prompted Qin Luo to stop the output of the forbidden spell.

“Hah… as expected of a forbidden spell. This power is truly terrifying!”

Qin Luo, the initiator of this war, could not help but feel a little shocked as he looked at the battlefield.

This was not the first time he had used [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance]. However, the last time he had used it in the Moon Temple, he had killed a puppet summoned by the Lich of the Undead. It did not feel like much.

But now?

The scene of corpses piled up like mountains and blood flowing everywhere was too impactful!

Even if these guys were traitors who had betrayed the human race, they were still flesh and blood. In terms of living creatures, they were still humans. It was impossible for Qin Sheng to not feel burdened at all.

"Urgh…"