Chapter 585: Mythical Creature, Pan Long Li Water Evolution (3)

"Don't worry. I may look like a loser, but I'm very rich!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled and said, "Hey, hey, don't look at me like that. I'm not a rich second-generation heir. I earned all this money from 'Fate Dimension'. I wasn't free a few days ago. It was precisely because I found a wild dungeon that I made a huge profit!"

"Wilderness dungeon? I know that!"

As an old gaming fan, Sister Su was naturally familiar with the updates from the past few days. "You're really lucky to even find a wilderness dungeon!"

Su Youran: Envious.Jpg!

Qin Luo Sheng: Very pleased!

"Are you free now?"

Sister Su snorted and said, "I've known you for so long and have been evading. Mr. Mysterious, can you tell me your ID now?"

Qin Sheng:…

"Hmph, how annoying. I wonder what you're hiding!"

Seeing Qin Luo remain silent, Su Youran didn't press him any further. She just snorted coldly and stopped asking.

“All right, all right. Don’t be angry. These few days, I have to focus on that wilderness instance dungeon. I really don’t have the time.”

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly and promised, "One week, just one week! I'll tell you my ID then and bring you along to show off!"

"Hehe!"

Sister Su smiled in disdain. "Stop boasting. It's still not certain who will lead whom!"

Qin Luo smiled without saying anything.

I am the mighty Weeping Soul Beast, the current number one person in the world of destiny. You want to bring me along?

Girl.

Was she awake?

…

After eating and drinking.

Qin Luo and the other two took a taxi home.

It was indeed worthy of being a famous star hotel. It was indeed expensive.

During the meal, Qin Sheng had spent more than 700,000 yuan.

‘ Of course.’

Even with Qin Sheng and Nan Nan's appetites, they had only spent less than 200,000 yuan on the food. The rest of the money was just enough to open a bottle of good red wine.

"I had fun today, thank you!"

After sending Sister Su to her doorstep, she bounced around. She did not have the demeanor of an elite in the workplace at all. Instead, she displayed her youthful nature, looking very cute and innocent.

"Go back earlier!"

Opening the door, Sister Su's face turned slightly red. She stuck her head out and gave Qin Sheng a light peck on the cheek. Before he could react, she retracted her head like a frightened rabbit and closed the door at the same time, leaving behind a soft moan filled with endless embarrassment. "Goodnight!"

"Goodnight!"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised. He touched his slightly moist cheeks and looked at the tightly shut door. With his superpower, he could naturally sense that the girl behind the door did not leave and was even looking at him through the peephole.

She smiled and said softly before turning around to leave.

…

Shanghai.

At a manor.

"Missy, I've already done what you instructed."

A tall woman in a casual suit walked in with a folder in her hand. She looked at the girl sitting by the bed like a fairy descending upon the mortal world, and her breathing slowed.

"Yes!"

The girl nodded and took the folder.

After the employee left, the girl opened the file.

Inside.

It was a pile of photos and a few printed A4 papers.

"Qin Luo, Miss Su, and a little girl who came out of nowhere!"

The girl looked at the person in the photo. Her deep and cold eyes shone with an unknown color.

"The eldest daughter of the Su family can skip it. This Qin Sheng is most likely a crying soul!"

The young girl picked up a photo. In the photo, there was a girl who was extremely beautiful and could not be described with words. Even though she boasted that her looks were unparalleled, she still felt a sense of inferiority in front of this girl. "I don't know where this girl came from, but I can't find any information on her at all. Who is she? With such a stunning face, it's impossible for her to be nameless! Even I, Du Qiangwei, can't find her. Could she be…"

Du Qiangwei, or rather, Sanguine Primrose, wore a grave expression.

The Du family was a family that spanned across the military, political, and commercial worlds. They held an important position in China. There were very few people that the Du family could not find traces of. And these were undoubtedly existences that the Du family could not afford to offend.

She was a little scared!

"Could it be that Weeping Soul Beast is not as simple as I found it out to be? Or could it be that someone had already gotten to him before me?"

Du Qiangwei could not help but think, "Who is it? Those hidden families or… the country?"

"Alright! I still have some trivial matters to deal with!"

Since she could not guess it, Du Qiangwei did not want to waste her time thinking about it. She took a deep look at Qin Sheng's photo that was buying a sweetener. "Regardless of whether you are a Weeping Soul Beast or not, to be able to earn hundreds of millions of dollars from nothing in the short period of time that Fate Dimension opened, you are no ordinary person. I, Du Qiangwei, must have you!"

Buzz…

Buzz…

Buzz…

The vibration of her phone suddenly interrupted Du Qiangwei's thoughts.

She looked over and saw the caller ID on her phone screen: Lin Mingzhou. She could not help but frown. He had always been aloof, as if nothing could catch her attention. In an instant, he broke through her defenses and revealed an unconcealable disgust.

…

The next day.

Qin Luo had woken up before six.

He had been up late the whole day yesterday. Even though he was full of energy, he was still a little tired. He went home and took a shower before sleeping.

He went out for a morning run for an hour.

Then, she bought breakfast.

He knocked on the door.

Nan Nan did not respond.

This time, Qin Sheng did not forcefully drag her out of bed. Instead, he left her breakfast and returned to his room.

After putting away the nutrient solution, he lay down in the gaming capsule.

Enter the game.

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared on the second floor of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in Star Brilliance City.

Now that the Damask King was managing the business with a master-ranked manager and Mengmeng was in charge of the household, he could completely let go of everything.

Tang Wulin used the Starlight Miracle to elevate the potions and equipment piled up in the warehouse. He expended some stamina before informing Damask that she would be handling the rest.

Send potions and equipment to the other eight branches, distribute the ingredients to the nine food immortals, and manage the equipment that is still patrolling…

Master-level management.

Everything was done with ease.

She was much better than him, a half-baked layman.

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Luo Sheng arrived at the Dragon City once more with excitement.

"Kid, you're here. You're really patient!"

When he saw Qin Sheng, the Dragon Forging Grandmaster glared at him angrily. With a wave of his hand, all the equipment that had been strengthened landed in front of Qin Sheng. "Take it and scram. Don't disturb my research blueprint. Don't come looking for me if you have nothing to do in the future. I'll get someone to inform you after I'm done with this."