Chapter 581: Entering Dragon Restaurant, Grandmaster Dragon Forging

"Thank you, Dragon Emperor!"

Even though Qin Luo Sheng knew that the Dragon Emperor was putting on an act, he did not think that he was putting on an act. He should have quite a deep affection for the Damask King. It was true that he wanted the Dragon God's Scales. In his heart, he truly acknowledged the Damask King as his adopted daughter.

Why did he let go so easily?

Why did he sell his adopted daughter?

Firstly, the temptation of the Dragon God Scales was too great.

Secondly, he truly believed that the Damask King should walk out and not be restrained in the Dragon Emperor Palace.

Thirdly, she trusted him and felt that he was worthy of entrusting the Damask King to her.

Thus…

This was the reason why the two parties—no, the three parties—were satisfied and agreed to the "deal" happily!

"You're a smart person, you should know what I'm thinking!"

The Dragon Emperor glanced at Qin Sheng indifferently. He stretched out his hand and took out an item. He sent it to Qin Sheng's position through the air and said, "This child, Qi Luo, is truly outstanding. I believe in your character and your future. I'm very assured that Qi Luo will work for you. I'll accept the Dragon God Scale, but I won't take advantage of you either. This can be considered a return gift!"

The Damask King spoke to Qin Luo. The Dragon Emperor was less courteous and more casual.

Maybe.

This was how one looked at their 'son-in-law'!

They were on equal footing just now. I am the Dragon Emperor, and you are the Dragon Lord. You have what I want, and I need what you have. Naturally, I have to be polite.

And now—

Your foster daughter has already been kidnapped by you and the deal has already been completed. We are all on the same side, why are you still being so polite!

'Ding… You have obtained the Spirit of the Dragon Emperor!

Spirit of the Dragon Emperor?

Qin Luo's eyes widened abruptly!

This name…

There was a problem!

"As the Dragon Emperor, even if I don't agree with the Dragon Abyss' actions, I can't be biased and help you on purpose. However, for the sake of Qi Luo, I'll help you a little against my conscience."

The Dragon Emperor said, "I know that you have a divine weapon that contains two dragon souls. I can't give you any help on the surface. The spirit of the Dragon Emperor was split when I shed my skin back then. It contains a trace of my true spirit, and it can be fused into your divine weapon to evolve.—Alright, I won't say any more nonsense. There are still a few days. Quickly settle the matter and strengthen your strength. You can't lose this battle!”

"Thank you, brother!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a deep breath and bowed solemnly to the Dragon Emperor. "The war is imminent. Forgive me for not being able to stay for long. After I kill the Dragon Abyss, I will come back to drink with Brother Long!"

…

"As expected of the Dragon Emperor's adopted daughter. This potential, this ability, it's simply amazing!"

Coming out from the Dragon Palace, Qin Luo Sheng was followed by a beautiful dragon lady who was carrying a small backpack. She lowered her head and followed Qin Luo step by step. He could not help but sigh when he saw her contract.

A master-servant contract.

It was not a pet or mount that had to fight together, so it had degenerated to the player level.

The Damask King preserved his attributes and abilities without reducing in the slightest.

Level 50 Epic strength!

Other than that.

Omnipotent in housework, master in management, and a master tailor!

What the f*ck, he had made a killing!

The butler had Mengmeng and a group of maids. He would certainly not let the Damask King waste his talents.

With this ability, she would definitely be the chief steward of Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal in the future, leading the overall situation.

And—

He could not waste this master-level tailor.

Even though his art of refining also included tailoring, it was still rare for men to do meticulous work. Tailors had a lot of needlework and threadwork that was not suitable. In comparison, it was better to forge iron.

Besides.

At the moment, the art of weapon refinement was only at a high level. Due to this limitation, many ideas could not be realized.

Other things aside, seven to eight of the ten blueprints given by Wang Damin could not be obtained.

"In the future, I won't have to eat dust in my house or backpack!"

Qin Luo was all smiles.

Mengmeng was involved in alchemy.

The tailor had the Damask.

He would forge his own metal.

An iron triangle!

"Damask, don't be so reserved!"

Even though the contract was a master-servant relationship, with the existence of her foster father, the Dragon Monarch, who would dare to act rashly towards her?

Besides.

How could such a charming, gentle, and powerful Dragoness bear to bully her?

Forget about bullying.

Now, Qin Sheng was racking his brains on how to please the Damask King.

After all.

His current loyalty level was only 90, and his affinity level was only 80. There was still a long way to go!

"Yes, Lord Dragon Lord!"

The Damask King nodded in agreement. Even though he agreed verbally, he remained the same in reality. There was no change.

Forget it.

Take it slow!

Qin Luo did not mind.

In my hands, can I let you fly?

Just follow my surname Qin!

…

After making many turns, Qin Luo Sheng finally arrived at a remote and dilapidated corner of the Dragon City under the Damask's guidance.

"This is the Dragon Tower?"

Qin Qiao Sheng looked at the dilapidated house that looked like it was about to collapse at any moment, his lips twitching.

Dragon Tower.

What a great name!

It was still a good place designated by the Dragon Emperor. He never imagined that it would actually look like this!

"Yes, Lord Dragon Lord. The Dragon Tower is one of the most special places in Dragon City. This is the place that belongs to Lord Dragon Emperor. Even the elders and the dragon kings of the various races don't know about it."

Damask explained.

"So awesome?"

Qin Luo's interest was piqued.

In fact.

He did not doubt it.

Wasn't it common to play the pig to eat the tiger?

In reality, there were not many places that looked shabby on the outside but were unimaginably luxurious on the inside. They were even more glorious than the palace?!!

This was an opportunity exchanged with the blood of the Dragon God, how could it be ordinary?

"Let's go in!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded and took the lead to walk out of this shabby little pavilion.

"Halt!"

The attic was not what Qin Sheng had imagined. It was just as dilapidated as the outside and messy. There were materials and scraps everywhere. However, even someone as inexperienced as Qin Sheng could tell that the materials on the floor, even the scraps, were not ordinary. At the very least, they were high-grade materials.

This was enough to prove that the Dragon Pavilion could not be judged by its appearance!

"Hello, Dragon Forging Grandmaster!"

Before he came, the Dragon Emperor had already given him instructions, and the Damask King had also explained everything in detail. Naturally, Qin Sheng knew that the master of the Dragon Pavilion was a grandmaster weaponsmith who stood at the pinnacle of weapon refinement. How could he dare to disrespect him?

"This is a secret letter from the Dragon Emperor, an introduction letter and a token. Please take a look!"

Qin Luo, who knew the temper of these experts, was naturally not an idiot who would try to worm his way into being friends with them. He spouted nonsense and was a successful person who valued time very much. He could not let them feel that he was wasting their time.

Secret letter: The Dragon Emperor's letter. It's for the Dragon Forging Grandmaster. There must be some special instructions inside!

Introduction letter: It's also written by the Dragon Emperor. It's equivalent to knocking on the door. Otherwise, Qin Luo Sheng wouldn't even be able to enter the Dragon Tower, much less see the grandmaster before him!

Hand Token: It was written by the Dragon Emperor. This hand token was a dispatch token. After all, it was not enough to strengthen Qin Sheng's equipment. A clever woman could not cook without rice. Even a Grandmaster would be helpless without the materials. And this hand token was the document to mobilize the Dragon Emperor's treasure vault. Whatever was needed next could be mobilized directly.