Chapter 598: Blood Demon Descends, Dominating Me

"— Look, the person in front of us is a living example!"

Qin Luo was silent.

These words.

He really could not refute that!

In this world, the so-called laws were useless. Power was the only thing.

‘ Of course.’

It was the same in any world.

Even the modern society that boasted of freedom, equality, and humanity was no exception. It was just that the situation was slightly better.

When everyone was an ordinary person, the law would be very binding.

But what about the supernatural world?

Law?

What was this?

The World of Destiny was a hodgepodge of worlds. In addition to humans, there were dragons, qilins, phoenixes, gods, devils, demons, and other races. In such a chaotic world, the use of power was extremely obvious.

In reality, even if there was a war, the most they could do was destroy an army and blow up a city. In other words, they would destroy a small country.

What about Fate World?

It was easy to destroy cities and countries, with millions of casualties and genocide. The cruelty of this was not something people living in peaceful times could imagine.

The him in the past, no, from the beginning to the end, wasn't he also pursuing power?

In order to become stronger, he would do anything.

However…

Compared to Li Zhan, he was more gentle.

"There's no point talking anymore. Let's fight!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath. Without another word, he charged towards Li Zhan, who was controlled by the devil sword.

Talking was indeed not his forte.

Rather than wasting precious time on enhancing effects and discussing the Dao with this idiot sword spirit and taking the risk of being dragged into a ditch by it, it would be better to start directly.

"Even though you have unleashed the blood of Li Zhan and replenished my weakened attributes, is it really good for you to sacrifice like this?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Although you're the master now and control the entire situation, you're still just a sword in the end. Without a host and your so-called Sword Servant, can you still ascend to the heavens? Li Zhan's blood has been exhausted and he's turned into a dried corpse. Or perhaps you've sucked all his energy dry, leaving not even his corpse behind. When that time comes, there's no one who can control you anymore. You'll just be a piece of rotten metal."

"Shut up!"

Qin Luo, who was controlling Li Zhan and Xue Sheng, roared furiously, "So what if you know this secret? Do you think you can hold on until that moment? Don't forget that you're only relying on external forces to hold on. It's still unknown which of us will be beaten back to our original forms first!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled calmly and wielded the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Combining the sacred aura of the holy flame, he slashed heavily at Li Zhan. "Let's wait and see then!"

Attack!

Attack!

Attack!

The two men were furious and refused to back down.

Yet.

In the end, Qin Sheng still had the upper hand.

Firstly, the Blood Demon Sword was controlling Li Zhan's body. In the end, it was still controlling his body and not his own. No matter how good the compatibility was, there was still a trace of unfamiliarity. It wasn't something that he was particularly used to!

Secondly, Qin Sheng's attributes were completely suppressed. Other than his health points being unable to surpass the Boss, he had the advantage in all other aspects, especially speed!

Thirdly, it was Qin Sheng's dual wielding technique. Coupled with the sacred flame's ability to restrain the darkness attribute, he attacked from the left and right, bullying the Blood Demon Sword that was only a sword and wildly destroying Li Zhan's body.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The sound of countless swords colliding rang out.

Both Qin Luo and the Blood Demon Sword knew that this battle would not last long.

So.

Nothing fancy.

They attacked with all their might, hoping to kill their opponent in the shortest time possible.

In just a minute.

Li Zhan's health bar had already dropped by more than half!

On the other hand, Qin Sheng was unharmed.

He had no choice.

Blood Boil's Life-Steal effect was simply too overpowered!

With the two great skills Ice Skin and Jade Bone, Li Zhan could not instantly kill him.

One hit and he didn't die.

With Qin Sheng's attack speed and blood absorption, he could instantly replenish his blood essence.

Where was the Blood Demon Sword?

It also had an extremely strong control over blood.

However, there was nothing he could do about it. Blood Boiling was not only capable of sucking blood, but it could also be controlled, causing its ability to suck blood completely to fail.

Not only that.

As time passed, Blood Boil continued to decrease the percentage of all attributes of the Sword Servant Li Zhan. Moreover, every attack would cause a bleeding effect. The bigger the wound, the stronger the bleeding.

Other than that.

The [Dragonfire] special effect of [Coiling Dragon Water] was also brilliant. Every time the fixed flame reached 8,000 points, it would destroy Li Zhan's body and accelerate the collapse of his body!

The innate ability of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], the Force of Severance and the Force of Destruction were also triggered by the large number of attacks. Even though Li Zhan’s body was quite strong, he couldn’t help but continuously destroy without even breathing!

"I admit that I have underestimated you!"

The Blood Demon Sword smiled sinisterly. “However, you’re done here. Without that dense life force protecting you, I will cut you down!”

“Really?”

Qin Luo Sheng listened to the "Ice Skin" and "Jade Bone" effects that were transmitted by the system beside his ear and said expressionlessly, "If you can do it, come and try!"

"Extreme Speed Burst!"

The Sword Servant Li Zhan’s figure flashed explosively as he wielded the Blood Devil Sword. In the blink of an eye, he rushed straight towards Qin Sheng’s chest with the speed of a sword thrust. He wanted to use the same technique to kill Qin Sheng in one strike.

The difference was that this time, the throat slit was replaced with heart-piercing.

"After playing with you for so long, do you really think I don't have any skills?"

Qin Luo Sheng snorted coldly and immediately countered, "Shadow Assault!"

The Life Stealing Strike did not work and poked Qin Luo's afterimage, causing him to feel lonely.

On the contrary.

Relying on the effects of Shadow Assault, Qin Sheng appeared behind Li Zhan instead. With a shake of his arm, the tip of the Coiling Dragon Li Water's sword was cold as it stabbed towards the back of his head.

"Shadow Stab!"

One hit.

One second of dizziness.

“Mad Shadow Slash!”

Qin Luo Sheng's body transformed into a stream of light as he shuttled back and forth in the air. In an instant, he increased his speed by ten times and it was difficult to catch with the naked eye. Every time he shuttled back and forth, he could rely on the two long swords to deliver two slashes to Li Zhan. Even though the damage was only fixed at 200% and was not considered high, it was safe and stable.

This…

The extreme speed caused the Blood Devil Sword, which was already lagging behind in this aspect, to become enraged and wail.

"Brat, you've completely infuriated me!"

From the beginning until now, Qin Sheng had been leading Qin Luo by the nose. He had thought that the time for Qin Sheng's augmentation skills to disappear would be the time for him to harvest.

Yet.

After being beaten up for so long, half of the host's life was gone, and the host's physical body was in tatters and on the verge of collapse. The host was still alive and kicking, and the Blood Demon Sword immediately expressed that it could not take it anymore.

"When the Blood Demon descends, I will reign supreme!"