Chapter 592: Epic Strength, Old Versailles Warrior

"Good sword!"

Li Zhan's eyes lit up. "The spiritual aura is dense and the power is vast. This sword is actually even stronger than the blood soldier that I forged with pure metal and blood that was supplemented with the blood essence of ten thousand people! Hahaha… I was just worried that the divine sword would be unfavorable and that it would be a burden on my Sword Dao. It would be difficult for my strength to advance. I never thought that on such a good day, there would actually be such a divine weapon delivered to me. The heavens are really helping me."

"You really think too highly of yourself!"

Qin Luo was speechless when he saw that Li Zhan had already gotten into character.

The f*ck hasn't even started fighting, and you think you can f*ck Holy Spring Water and start calculating my [Coiling Dragon Water]?

Do you really think that the five demon kings I killed before were fake?

“You’re so young, yet you don’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. Did you think that you could do anything to me after killing those five trash?”

Li Zhan sneered, “Sun Qing has fused with the Bloodthirsty Bats and cultivated into a zombie body. His body is made of bronze and iron bones. Lin Ying has fused with the Dark Demonic Spider and has successfully formed an inescapable net. Gongsun Zhuang has fused with the Earth Demonic Ape. Every move he makes can cause the heavens to collapse and the earth to shatter. Xu Lin has fused with the Dark Ice Python. His Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth is comparable to that of a Flood Dragon. Qin Zhen has fused with the Amethyst Flame Lion. With a single breath, the Extraordinary Flame can burn the heavens and the earth, destroying cities and nations. He is invincible.”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was he doing?

Weren't they looking down on him just now?

He kept calling her trash!

Spicy chicken!

Now.

Why did he start bragging?

"However, despite their strength, I still managed to defeat them with a single slash."

Li Zhan gently caressed the three-foot-tall green mountain in his hand as he spoke with a resolute expression.

Qin Sheng:…

Damn it!

This guy, the successor of Versailles?

How interesting!

"There's no point in saying more. We'll only know if it's true after we fight."

Qin Sheng was completely indifferent to this sort of posturing. He raised his sword horizontally and issued a challenge expressionlessly.

"If that's the case, then—"

Li Zhan glanced at Qin Sheng indifferently. His body moved swiftly as he charged over. "As you wish!"

So fast.

Qin Luo was astonished.

This speed…

At least five thousand.

Indeed.

This guy wasn't bragging.

Ignoring everything else, just based on his speed and explosive aura, he indeed had the qualifications to call the five Demon Kings before him trash.

Still.

Just based on this alone, it was still far from enough!

“Clank ~ ~ ~ ~”

The edge of the sword was cold and the sword intent soared into the sky.

In the face of Li Zhan's determined strike, Qin Sheng was not flustered in the slightest. Just as he was about to land, he moved his arm, and the [Coiling Dragon Water] appeared in front of him, easily blocking the menacing attack.

Probing skill!

[Seven Demon King—Blood Demon Sword Li Zhan (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 38

Health: 3800000

Mana: 120,000

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 12,000

Magic Defense: 8000

Speed: 7,500

Skills:???

Introduction: The Seven Demon Kings—Blood Demon Ruthless Sword, Li Zhan. Originally, he was the commander of Lin Xiao's personal army, the second-ranked army of Mufeng City, stationed in the Paleolithic Kingdom. Due to the invasion of the Undead Lich, who destroyed 17 cities in a row, he lost his courage and fled. In order to conceal the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of his escape route, he slaughtered countless villages and cities before finally escaping into the Dark Abyss Domain. He was bloodthirsty. He once slaughtered 10,000 people and used his blood essence to forge a sword. He lived in front of the Demon King's Palace and guarded Lin Xiao's base camp!

F*ck!

An Ancient BOSS?

Qin Qin Sheng turned pale with fright.

Unexpectedly.

Li Zhan had actually stepped into the Epic stage.

No wonder.

Other than Lin Xiao, this fellow was a little respectful. He addressed the other demon kings who were on the same level as him as trash.

It wasn’t Middle Second.

It was not arrogance.

It was because he had the ability and the qualifications!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

Taking advantage of the successful block, Qin Sheng hurriedly used two skills to increase his speed.

Li Zhan was a pure Blade Master and a complete Warrior BOSS. His speed was even faster than Li Zhan's. If he didn't quickly pull back his advantage, he would definitely be restricted in battle and would be suppressed.

"Interesting!"

The phantom of a divine leopard appeared behind Qin Sheng. Li Zhan slashed down with his sword again, but Qin Sheng easily dodged it. The difference in speed made him understand the problem.

"Borrow external help? Ha ~ Let's see how long you can last!"

Li Zhan laughed disdainfully, his figure moving like a shadow as he chased after Qin Luo's flickering landing spot.

“Have you stayed in this godforsaken place for too long?”

Qin Luo laughed and bared his two rows of white teeth at Li Zhan. "If I didn't have some ability, would I have been able to kill five of your companions by myself and come here?"

“Humph, those five trash are lacking in ability. I am not surprised that you can kill them.”

Li Zhan said disdainfully, "Perhaps the identity of being one of the Eight Demon Kings gave you the wrong impression. When did it make you think that the strength of the Eight Demon Kings are on the same level?"

"No, no, no!"

Qin Luo shook his head repeatedly. "I've never thought so!"

Li Zhan’s expression froze.

"Your strength is a level higher than theirs, I know that!"

Li Zhan was even more puzzled.

Since he knew, why wasn't he afraid?

Gold and Epic were on completely different levels.

If those five pieces of trash were to join forces, he would be able to kill them until they collapsed.

What ability do you have to be so impudent in front of me?

Soon.

Li Zhan knew the reason.

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Accompanied by all sorts of augmentation pills and talismans, the four augmentation techniques were all used at the same time that Qin Sheng evaded Li Zhan's attacks.

"Sir, times have changed!"

Under the enhancement, Qin Sheng's strength instantly skyrocketed. He immediately stopped dodging and clashed head-on with Li Zhan. Looking at his frightened and disbelieving eyes, the corners of his lips curled into a cold smile. "Do you understand now?"

"Impossible!"

As a sword cultivator, he had come into contact with Qin Luo at such a close distance. Coupled with the fact that Qin Luo and Qin Luo's swords were facing each other, Li Zhan naturally knew the power contained within Qin Luo's body when he felt the suppression of the Coiling Dragon Water.

"I don't have time to joke around with you!"

Li Zhan was stunned, but Qin Sheng did not. The explosive power of a physical BOSS was not comparable to that of a magic BOSS, but its endurance was beyond that of a magic BOSS.

After all.

A magical BOSS's ability to deal great damage not only required a high amount of mana consumption but also a long cast time. On the other hand, a physical BOSS could be killed by slashing. As long as one still had stamina, they would fight endlessly.

Li Zhan was one of the best.

Apart from his Epic strength, there was also the demon sword in his hand. It had an ability similar to the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. It had the ability to suck blood!

Because of his augmentation skills, even though his strength had improved greatly, his endurance was limited. If he did not end the battle quickly, once he was dragged into a prolonged battle, there was basically no chance of winning.

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng's gaze froze. A gigantic phantom image of a divine tiger slowly appeared behind him.

"Hunting Tiger!"