Chapter 595: Blood Demon Sword Domain

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The tyrannical and numerous blood-colored sword qi attacked crazily. Even though the [Skeleton of Death] was much stronger after being strengthened by Dragon Forging, it was still unable to withstand the bombardment of so many sword qi.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng had summoned the skeletal giant not to use it as a shield, but—

“Shadow Escape!”

His body turned into a shadow and disappeared into the shadow of the skeletal giant, completely avoiding this fatal blow.

"That was close!"

Qin Sheng could not help but break out in cold sweat as he watched the Skeletal Giant being pierced by thousands of swords. It did not even last a second and was killed violently.

"As expected, Epic BOSSes are all monsters, especially the best of them. They have comprehended Domain and even Law Epic. They are existences that players cannot defeat."

Qin Luo Sheng pondered over the strength of Li Zhan's skill and his expression turned ugly.

The strength of the attack was great, and the range of the attack was wide. With the augmentation of his domain, his domain was sealed. He couldn't dodge or escape. He could only take the attack head-on.

This was simply a bug!

Unless he used his shadow to dodge, or had absolute defense, or even revival skills.

Otherwise…

With one move, whether it was a five-man team or a mercenary group, they were all annihilated.

"Impossible!"

When the endless blood-colored sword qi dissipated, the skeleton giant that looked like it was definitely at the level of a king, but in reality, its strength was only that of a bronze skeleton. After it was chopped to the point where not even its bones were left, the dust and smoke dispersed. Li Zhan, who had thought that there was nothing unexpected, saw Qin Sheng's figure appear and broke through his defense on the spot, crying out in alarm.

"Nothing is impossible. Your attack is over. Next, it's my turn to perform!"

Qin Luo did not waste his breath.

Time was limited!

If the amplification effect ended, the situation where they were already at a disadvantage due to the domain would be completely overturned and they would not be able to turn the situation around.

Slash, slash, slash…

There was nothing to say.

That was all.

Instantly.

Countless golden sword auras surged once again.

A perfect replay of what he had done.

Li Zhan was stunned.

"I don't believe it!"

Li Zhan had used up all of his origin energy to unleash a killing blow, but he hadn’t even been able to injure a single hair on his opponent’s head. Li Zhan completely suspected that he had been struck by an illusion technique.

Yet.

The Qin Sheng in front of him could perhaps be called an illusionary technique that confused his vision and hearing.

However…

How could it be fake?

"Stop struggling!"

Looking at the incompetent and furious Li Zhan, Qin Sheng sneered. "Even if you have thousands of abilities and all kinds of abilities, you're still just a mortal. You don't have unlimited energy. I don't f*cking believe that you can continuously use the moves like just now!"

As he used his detection technique to observe Qin Sheng's battle state, although he did not know the current battle situation like the back of his hand, the interface attribute could be seen by anyone who was not blind.

As a swordsman from the Physics Department, he did not have much mana.

Ordinary attacks did not use mana either.

Except.

Activating his domain and using such a powerful sword technique would consume his mana.

Domain was a continuous skill that was similar to holy flames. It required a continuous supply of mana or energy to maintain its operation.

On the other hand, the Blood Sword's Dissociation of the Three Thousand Swords Technique was similar to the [Forbidden Spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance]. It consumed a large amount of mana in one attack.

Li Zhan continued to unleash two attacks in a row. Although he still had some mana left, it was not much.

Based on his rough calculations, if he did not maintain the existence of the Domain, he would be able to unleash it twice more. This was the Boss' explosive stage that was set by the system with 30% health and 10% health!

One strike!

One strike!

Another strike!

Having just used the greatsword technique, Li Zhan's body had been severely damaged and was no longer as nimble as before. He had Qin Luo Sheng's sword qi, which was originally one or two out of ten, increase the accuracy to three or four out of ten!

Under the high attack frequency, Li Zhan's health bar, which was already low, decreased rapidly!

45%!

43%!

41%!

39%!

In just a few seconds, his health points dropped below 40%.

"Bear with it!"

Upon seeing this boundary, Qin Sheng began to stir.

40%!

It just so happened that he had intentionally left behind Death's Gaze and Dragon Might. These two weakening skills were instant kill points!

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng managed to resist the temptation.

Ever since he killed the Epic Bosses, there was not a single one that did not have revival skills.

It was understandable that he had been tricked once!

Being tricked twice was a lesson!

But it couldn't be more than three!

Besides.

This was more than three times!

Even a pig could remember it!

"Brat, I will definitely kill you and let the demon sword suck your blood dry!"

After a few more seconds, Qin Luo's merciless "bombardment of sword qi" had left him in a terrible fix. After being tortured, his Health Points finally dropped to 30%!

He shouted.

Qin Luo immediately tensed up.

Even without the accurate Life Points of the Detection Spell, the Boss would say a few words every time it exploded. Why? The Bosses were all gentlemen. They were afraid that the players did not know that they were going to cause trouble, so they even had to give a "verbal warning" to remind them?

“Blood Devil Sword Domain, Heaven-Splitting Danger Art!”

The Qi-Jin in Li Zhan's body erupted and shattered Qin Luo's countless sword qi with brute force, blocking the area five meters around him.

"What a powerful aura!"

Qin Sheng felt a chill run down his spine as he looked at Li Zhan, who was bending his body slightly and leaning forward. His right foot stepped out in the shape of a horse and sheathed his sword. He felt as if he had been targeted by some prehistoric beast.

This posture?

Sword Draw!

A faintly discernible sense of death lingered around him. The sharp aura pierced Qin Sheng's entire body, especially his neck area. A chill arose inexplicably, as if he had already been locked onto. In the next moment, a sharp blade sliced across and slashed down.

Swish…

Extreme speed!

Extreme effect!

Extremely simple!

This was the combat style that Qin Sheng had comprehended during the battle. Now, it was perfectly displayed on Li Zhan, and it was obviously much more proficient than his rudimentary grasp of the basics. At the very least, it was at the level of attaining mastery.

A lightning-like figure!

There was no additional attack!

It was just the most ordinary slash without any fancy moves!

This was extreme speed, extreme effect, extreme simplicity, three-in-one!

"What a fast sword!"

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils dilated. He did not even have the time to react, or rather, he did. However, his body could not keep up with his brain and he could not make any effective movements to block the sword. He could only 'watch' as Li Zhan swept past him and the evil and awe-inspiring blood sword slashed across his neck.

"Ding… You are dead!"

There was no surprise.

Qin Sheng was instantly killed by the profound sword of the Blood Fiend Swordsman Li Zhan. His full health points were instantly depleted, leaving him with no room to struggle.