Chapter 599: I'M Very Kind

"When the Blood Demon descends, I will reign supreme!"

Pure blood energy flowed along the Blood Devil Sword and entered into the body of the Sword Servant, Li Zhan. In an instant, the blood markings on Li Zhan’s body emitted a rhythm that was like a pulse. A bloody glow bloomed in his eyes while the horn on his forehead grew long, and the wings beneath his ribs spread open. The surging imposing aura caused Qin Sheng to retreat a few steps.

“Do you want to erupt now? Unfortunately, it’s too late!”

Under the Probing Skill, Qin Luo Sheng watched as the attributes of the Sword Servant Li Zhan exploded once again, advancing from the Strengthened Epic stage to the Legendary stage. However, he did not panic at all.

“Littly, Dragon Roar Impact!”

Xiao-Xiao, who had been by the side the whole time, finally received Qin Sheng's order.

"Ang…"

Without hesitation.

Xiao Xiao opened its mouth and let out a sharp and majestic dragon roar.

Instantly.

Li Zhan, who was still evolving, froze.

Even though Xiaoxiao was only in the growth stage right now, her bloodline was really strong, at least at the level of the Dragon Emperor.

The damage caused by the Dragon Roar was indeed insufficient, but the control effect that was born from the bloodline was fully extended!

"It's over!"

A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity had arrived.

Qin Luo Sheng flickered without hesitation and teleported before the Sword Servant Li Zhan.

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—Broken Army!"

"Your choice is successful. Please choose one of the abilities [Army Breaker]!"

"Choose [Army Breaker]—Break!"

"Successfully chosen, the breaking effect has been raised to perfection, turning into 100% breaking!"

The operation was completed in an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng waved his left hand, and the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier], with the breaking effect that had already been elevated to the pinnacle, heavily struck Li Zhan's right arm, which was still unconscious.

Swoosh…

An arm and the scarlet blood demon sword flew into the sky!

"Without a body as a host, you're just a sword. Let's see if you can overturn the heavens!"

Qin Luo Sheng shot a glance at the Demonic Blood Sword that had been tossed away, then turned around and unleashed an ultimate explosive attack at the opponent whose health points were like a candle in the wind and whose body was in tatters.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Ancient BOSS—Seven Demon King—Blood Demon Ruthless Sword. You have received 1,500W + experience points and 3,000 Reputation points! '

Buzz…

After successfully killing Li Zhan, the system notification sounded. The Blood Demon Sword let out a vibrating sound as it broke free from Li Zhan's severed arm and flew away.

“Bastard!”

Upon seeing Li Zhan, who had already lost his life and turned into a corpse, the Blood Demon Sword, which had flown back at full speed, cursed angrily on the spot.

Was this f*cking taking drastic measures?

It would have been fine if he had just killed Li Zhan. He would have used the corpse just like before, since it was the one controlling it. But the problem now was that the corpse was not complete. Not only was the body badly damaged, but the most important part was that the right arm was broken. The left arm that could barely be replaced was also heavily cared for by Qin Sheng's [Brutal Strike]. It was already crippled and completely useless.

His body was damaged and his hands were useless.

How was he supposed to continue playing?

"Tsk tsk, you speak with such a big tone. You look quite intimidating on the outside, but I didn't expect you to be just a silver spearhead that looks impressive but is useless!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but mock.

“Damned brat, you dare insult this Exalted?!”

The Blood Demon Sword roared.

"So what if I'm humiliating you? It's just a sword. Why are you acting like a fool?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "A tool like you that has left its master is like a rootless duckweed. You're just a piece of trash. You still dare to dream of competing with the sun and moon?"

"You…"

"I don't care about you anymore. Even if your master has already died, just become my sword in the future! As a sword and a weapon, your fate should be to encounter powerful enemies with your master and evolve yourself. How can you play such tricks of possessing the weak and controlling the Sword Servant?"

"Arrogant!" Qin Luo Sheng's words thoroughly enraged the Blood Demon Sword. "You imp who doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, you think you can subdue me? Hmph! You're delusional. My master is the famous Blood Demon, the head of the seven Demon Envoys under the Demon Lord, the arrogant Demon Envoy. How can I submit to you, human brat?"

"Oh? That's fate!"

Qin Luo Sheng was rather surprised. "I just killed a so-called Greedy Demon Envoy. I didn't expect to run into you, who is related to the Arrogant Demon Envoy! It seems that this Demon Palace has deep ties with the Demon Clan that was defeated ten thousand years ago!"

“What? Greedy Demon Envoy?”

The Blood Devil Sword was instantly stunned, and then it roared with rage. “Fuck off! Don’t even think about deceiving this sovereign. You little brat, even if you were given another 10,000 years, you still wouldn’t be able to touch a single hair on Lord Demon Envoy’s head. Who do you think you are? You’re just a lowly human junior. Even a random elite soldier of my Demon Race can slaughter you, yet you still vainly think of standing shoulder to shoulder with Lord Demon Envoy?”

"He really won't shed a tear until he sees the coffin!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "That's true. Your idiotic mindset is still stuck at ten thousand years ago. How would you, who had been struggling at death's door in this damned place, know about the vicissitudes of the past ten thousand years and the development of the human race? Your Excellency, the times have changed. Now, the Fate Continent is no longer the Fate Continent from before. The demons dared to make a comeback. This time, it won't be as simple as just retreating in defeat. The extermination of the race is right before our eyes."

The Blood Demon Sword wanted to retort.

Yet.

When he saw Qin Sheng take out something, he was instantly stunned and swallowed back the words he was about to say.

[Gouyu Greed]: Special item???

[Demonic Seed Greed]: Special item. It can plant a Demonic Seed in a person or item and absorb the desire of [Greed] to grow!

Gouyu represented status.

The demonic seed represented the origin.

Now.

The Gouyu and the demonic seed transformed from the origin power of the Greedy Demon Envoy were all in Qin Sheng's hands.

This…

It was ironclad evidence.

The Blood Demon Sword believed him.

No matter how inconceivable this was, it did believe that the Demon Envoy of Greed was already dead. Whether or not it had died at the hands of this little brat in front of it, it was an undeniable fact.

Perhaps Gouyu’s identity card could be stolen or taken away, or other accidents.

However, the demonic seed was different.

Demon seeds were simply the essence of a Demon Envoy’s energy. They were similar to a human’s heart or a monster’s core. Once they were gone, at best they would dissipate their energy and become useless. They wouldn’t have much time left, and at worst they would die on the spot. Even their souls would collapse.

"I've always been a very easygoing and kind person."

Withdrawing Gouyu and the demonic seed, Qin Sheng looked at the Blood Demon Sword with a faint smile. Under its incredulous, expressionless, nauseating expression, he said to himself, “Now, I’ll give you two choices. The first is to completely submit to me, and the second is to give you a chance to summon your master, the so-called arrogant Demon Envoy, the so-called Blood Demon. How about it? Don’t say I didn’t give you a chance!”

Blood Demon Sword:…