Chapter 596: Revival, Strengthening Epic Sword Servant Li Zhan

Swoosh…

Blood could be seen.

Qin Sheng, whose throat had been slit by a sword, fell to the cold ground.

Bang…

After one strike.

Li Zhan, who had forcefully activated such a terrifying sword technique, was already injured and had consumed a great deal of energy. He was no longer able to support himself. With a grunt, he held his sword to the ground and half knelt down. He barely managed to hold on to his body without falling down.

"Splash…"

Along with Qin Sheng's death, the Blood Demon Sword Domain that had been forcefully maintained for so long also collapsed. Like a broken mirror, it split into countless fragments before transforming into pure energy that slowly dissipated into the air.

"What a terrifying strike!"

Just as Li Zhan was about to drag his weak body and let the blood sword in his hand suck dry Qin Sheng's blood to nourish his body and recover a little, a familiar voice suddenly rang out, scaring him so much that his entire body shook.

"Ding… The Goddess of Life's Blessing is effective. You have been resurrected!"

Qin Sheng stroked the [Life Suppliant] around his neck and felt the dense life force it released, warming up his cold body in the evil domain.

"What a nightmare!"

Qin Sheng got up from the ground and rubbed his neck. His expression was very complicated as he recalled the feeling of being forced to wait for death.

"It seems that there are flaws in this game."

Qin Sheng swallowed his saliva and forcefully pressed down on his heaving chest to stop his heart from beating so violently.

Today.

Another lesson.

He experienced an unprecedented feeling.

One—

The despair of waiting helplessly for death!

It was too unbearable!

Also…

The feeling of having his throat cut by a sharp blade, wanting to speak but unable to say a word, could only let out an unconscious ‘hehe’sound. That feeling was hard to describe, but it really made one shiver in fear!

"Hu…"

He exhaled heavily.

Qin Luo calmed down a little.

This was not his first time "dying"!

Yet.

This time, it was the one that left the deepest impression on him, and also the one that scared him the most.

"You're not dead? Impossible, this is impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng was deeply frightened, and so was Li Zhan.

Two great sword techniques.

One was a group attack while the other was a single kill!

He had originally planned to use his most powerful killing technique. However, he had never expected that it would be useless after being defeated in succession.

He had a mental breakdown!

"Are you a human or a ghost?"

Li Zhan howled madly.

"Is it a human or a ghost?"

Qin Luo Sheng calmed himself down. He looked at Li Zhan who was doubting himself and sneered, "I didn't expect to hear such words from your mouth. It seems that my evasion and resurrection this time has caused you quite a deep trauma!"

"Die!"

Explaining his abilities to the enemy was extremely stupid.

Qin Qin Sheng was not a character from a certain comic. Before fighting, he had to reveal his fruit ability.

So—

He directly attacked!

Taking advantage of Li Zhan’s weakened state, he attacked ferociously.

Previously, he had no other choice. Under the Blood Devil Sword Domain, he didn’t dare to fight Li Zhan at close range. However, things were different now. Li Zhan was crippled in a short period of time, and his domain was gone. If he didn’t attack fiercely at this moment and cut him down, it would be a waste of this great opportunity.

A long-range slash was easy to dodge.

At such a close distance, even the sword could touch his body. How could he dodge so easily?

With Qin Luo's explosive power and speed of attack, even if Li Zhan was at his peak, he would not be able to gain any advantage as long as his domain did not cause trouble. Moreover, he basically had no power to retaliate in his current state.

28%!

25%!

22%!

18%!

A series of fierce slashes.

Li Zhan's health points dropped drastically.

Although his total HP was 380W +, and every 1% was 38W +, which was very thick, under the rapid attack of Qin Luo Sheng's twin swords, it dropped bit by bit.

Soon.

His Health Points dropped below 20%.

Seeing this.

Qin Luo's fingers twitched.

I wanted to use Death God's Gaze or Dragon's Might to kill any one of them. It would weaken all attributes by 20% and kill them instantly.

However…

Seeing that Li Zhan had already become a target and his body was extremely weak, he had no strength to fight back at all and forcefully endured it.

In any case, he was the one who had the initiative now. As long as this guy wanted to go berserk, he could activate the Weakening Skill at any time and kill him. It didn't matter.

15%!

12%!

8%!

A few seconds passed.

Li Zhan's health points dropped below 10%, reaching the most dangerous critical point.

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body tensed up as his gaze locked tightly onto Li Zhan. As long as there was the slightest movement from this fellow, he would instantly kill him without hesitation.

Yet.

Nothing happened.

Perhaps it was because Li Zhan had used his domain for a long time just now and had forcefully endured the bombardment of the endless sword aura for a few seconds. During this period, he had also used two great sword techniques, causing Li Zhan to really be like a lamp without oil, unable to even use the final burst of 10% that was at the critical point.

5%!

4%!

3%!

2%!

1%!

One sword after another!

Qin Qin Sheng remained vigilant. The closer he got to the end, the closer Li Zhan was to death, the more focused he became.

Still.

Even when Li Zhan was hacked to death, nothing unexpected happened.

Looks like…

This guy had really been squeezed dry.

Buzz…

As expected.

The moment Li Zhan’s health bar was emptied, his lifeless body suddenly burst forth with a scarlet blood-red light.

"As expected!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a heavy sigh and said with a pained face, "I'm such a dog. My revival skills are so common. Are they standard?"

[Seven Demon King—Blood Demon Sword Li Zhan [Sword Servant] (Enhanced Epic Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 300000

Physical Attack: 80,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 0

Magic Defense: 0

Speed: 10,000

Skills:???

Introduction: The Seven Demon Kings—Blood Demon Ruthless Sword, Li Zhan. Originally, he was the commander of Lin Xiao's personal army, the second-ranked army of Mufeng City, stationed in the Paleolithic Kingdom. Due to the invasion of the Undead Lich, who destroyed 17 cities in a row, he lost his courage and fled. In order to conceal the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of his escape route, he slaughtered countless villages and cities before finally escaping into the Dark Abyss Domain. He was bloodthirsty. He once slaughtered 10,000 people and used his blood essence to forge a sword. He lived in front of the Demon King's Palace and guarded Lin Xiao's base camp!

‘ What?’

Qin Sheng almost bit his tongue off when he saw the newly resurrected Li Zhan.

It was understandable for an Ancient BOSS to become an enhanced Ancient BOSS.

His Health Points went from 350W + to 500W +, which was barely understandable.

However…

Dog System, can you explain?

What was going on?

An Ancient BOSS with 80,000 Physical Attack points?

I am a queen!

Back then, when he faced the legendary Goddess of Snow, it was about the same, right?

Still.

Fortunately, the dog system still had some conscience.

Even though Li Zhan had become the so-called Sword Servant, and his strength had increased greatly, there were gains and losses. He'd obtained formidable strength, yet he'd lost the strength to defend, and his dual defense had directly become a duck egg. Wasn't this equivalent to every single attack being able to pierce through defenses?

Finally…

There were flaws that could be exploited!

There was still hope!