Chapter 590: Demon Palace Guard

"Urgh…"

Falling from the sky, Qin Sheng could not help but bend down and retch frantically.

It would have been fine if it was just a visual impact. However, the burnt smell of the burnt corpses continued to drift into his nose, destroying his nerves and making him unable to endure it.

Retreat and leave.

After a few minutes, Qin Sheng returned to the valley after all the corpses had been refreshed.

The starlight on the ground was also refreshed by the broken limbs and arms system. However, Qin Sheng did not mind. The trash dropped by these minions were really useless apart from selling money.

Still.

The normal items were gone. The loot dropped by Qin Zhen, the Boss, and the broken corpse were still standing on the battlefield.

Ding… congratulations on collecting Purple Crystal Fire Elemental * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting damaged Amethyst Flame Lion Skin * 1.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Fire Source Sharp Fang * 5! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Although the Amethyst Flame Lion had a tough body, it was unable to withstand the bombardment of the forbidden spell. It was severely damaged and could only gather very few effective materials.

To that.

Qin Qin Sheng understood and was satisfied.

Because—

There were many spoils of war.

There was a pile of Augmenting Gems, including one Advanced Augmenting Gems and three Intermediate Augmenting Gems. The drop rate was simply heaven-defying.

The equipment didn't matter.

There were three pieces of gold among the six pieces. It would be epic once it was upgraded. It could be sold for a lot of money.

"This dungeon that no one has cleared before is really awesome!"

Qin Luo was over the moon.

At this rate, he would be the leader of the firearms.

In fact.

Now, there were signs of this.

The amount of equipment that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion collected and sold increased every day. It was fine if it was ordinary equipment, but the most important thing was high-end equipment. Especially for Epic-ranked equipment, who would not hide one of them? Unless they were really poor, had no use for it, and really needed money, who would sell this chicken that could lay golden eggs?

But the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was different, or rather, Qin Sheng was different.

Epic stage?

It was just an ordinary item!

That's right.

In his eyes, Epic equipment was considered ordinary.

Current.

Only legends could make him think highly of her.

Even though he had most of the Epic equipment on him now, there were differences in the quality of Epic equipment. Equipment like the [Obsidian Crown] and [Shadow Banners], which had just been strengthened to the Epic stage, had already been enhanced by + 10. Its attributes and abilities were not too bad in the Epic stage, especially Qin Luo's.

What do you mean by compatibility?

It was just that the compatibility was very high!

Or rather…

It was very suitable for him to use. It was extremely compatible with his skills, fighting style, habits, and other aspects.

"Can't we use the forbidden spell for seven days?"

Qin Sheng stuffed a pile of unidentified equipment into his backpack and picked up [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. He looked at the [Forbidden Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance], which had turned gray and represented a CD that could not be used at the moment. He could not help but rub his chin.

"But it's enough!"

Qin Sheng was not particularly concerned about this. "Even if the next battle is of no use, after this Magic Legion is wiped out and the passage is broken through, there should be no need to worry about the rest. There are not so many monsters that need such a large-scale area-of-effect skill at all. Besides, I have another hand to prepare. I can clear the CD's Starlight Rewind to understand it."

They continued to advance.

At the end of the valley was a narrow pathway.

After passing through the pathway, the path ahead suddenly opened up.

“This is the Demon Lord Palace? As expected, the fallen Lin Xiao is extremely extravagant. It’s clearly just a den of thieves, yet he looks like a palace!”

In the palace complex.

That's right.

It was the palace complex.

There were continuous ups and downs.

Even though it looked dark and magical, without any signs of life or human presence, in terms of architecture, it really resembled a palace.

"Halt! You are not allowed to enter the Demon Lord Palace without the King's permission!"

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to take a few steps, a monster in armor jumped out with a large saber hanging from its waist. Its hand was pressed on the hilt of the saber as it glared at Qin Sheng with a sinister and cold gaze, as if it was about to go berserk at any moment.

[Demon Palace Guard (Silver Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 20000

Physical Attack: 8000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 6,500

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 3000

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, they were the elite personal guards of Lin Xiao. After they were demonized, they became the guards that patrol the Demon Palace and guard the Demon Lord Palace. They possess extraordinary abilities and are extremely powerful!

F*ck!

Qin Luo was stunned.

A useless guard guarding the Demon Lord Palace was actually a Silver Boss?

Furthermore!

This attribute, even compared to those so-called Demon Kings from before, was not much different, right?

"What a surprise!"

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng had no objections to this. On the contrary, he was very excited.

To him, this kind of trash monster was nothing more than food.

No matter what, this Demon Palace guard was a BOSS!

Connate monsters were more high-end and classy than normal monsters.

No matter how strong he was, even if he was not as strong as those Enhanced Elite monsters, his grade was still there. The Boss was just the surface.

From level 39 to level 40, it just happened to be crossing the threshold of "10". The amount of EXP needed was too huge. From level 29 to level 30, the EXP needed jumped from one million levels to ten million.

Now.

Although it had not soared from tens of millions to hundreds of millions, it was still too much for Qin Luo Sheng to take when compared to the 38th to 39th grades.

Fortunately.

The Demon Palace was not only a Second Stage Professional Mission Point, but it was also a wild dungeon. The experience of the monsters here was quite good, and there were a total of eight Bosses, the Eight Demon Kings, waiting for him to "pamper" them. If everything went well, the huge amount of experience points should be enough for him to reach Level 40.

Still.

How could he reject a good offer?

This Demon Palace guard not only represented rich experience points, but also treasures!

Even though the Fate Dimension had stipulated that any monster would have a chance of dropping Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals, to compete with the odds was simply asking for trouble. Even an idiot like Qin Sheng would not place his hopes on a lucky slip-up.

With his luck, the chances of him dropping Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals on normal monsters were less than one in a thousand, not to mention the other players who had less than a handful of Luck points or even 0.

However, the BOSS was different!

No matter how strong they were, a BOSS was a BOSS. Their grade and class were obvious.

Even the worst Black Iron BOSS would have a drop rate of at least 10% for Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals.

Given Qin Luo's luck, this 10% was basically no different from 100%.

"The Strengthening System has just been launched, and the players are not very strong. The production of Augmenting Gems is limited, and in a situation where there is no demand, the price is extremely high. Not to mention the low-level players, even the slightly wealthy nouveau riche would shrink back at the sight of it. Only the top big shots have the wealth to do so."