Chapter 594: Splitting The Blood Sword

"What the fuck is this!"

Qin Luo let out a long sigh.

It wasn’t easy for him to cripple Li Zhan. Who would’ve thought that in the blink of an eye, he’d switched from the advantageous side to the disadvantaged side?

Who could they reason with?

Tsk!

"Fortunately, I was cautious and left the Stare of the Death God and the dragon's might behind. I didn't use it to weaken Li Zhan immediately because I was afraid that this guy would have some sinister tricks up his sleeve. As expected."

Qin Luo Sheng's face was gloomy. "This is going to be difficult. Domains are not ordinary hard to deal with. Even if you don't let the Domain Master knead you as he wishes, you'll still be greatly restricted. It'll be very difficult to turn the tables."

How about a quick battle?

As soon as this thought arose, it was immediately rejected by Qin Sheng.

He had to finish this quickly. The success rate was too low.

Besides.

If he wanted to achieve his goal, he had to use Dragon Might and Death's Gaze at the same time.

If the domain was standardized, then there was basically a resurrection.

Even if he succeeded in one strike, after Li Zhan revived, everything started anew.

When the time came.

Facing Li Zhan, who was at his peak and even stronger than before, how could he win after revealing his trump card?

Steady!

It was better to be steady.

Besides.

Now was not the time for despair.

“Brat, you’re quite capable.”

Li Zhan looked at Qin Sheng with a ferocious expression. His crippled right hand and blind left eye had been restored by the energy he had expended in his domain.

That's right.

He was just that arrogant.

There was no solution.

It was just so disgusting.

Still.

Although domains had many wonderful uses, it was still possible to regenerate the flesh and bones of the dead. However, it still had to follow the law of conservation. The amount of energy needed to do was correspondingly large.

Li Zhan was an Epic expert.

He did not recover from minor injuries.

So—

After a round of creation, his aura was still as imposing as before, even stronger than before. Within the domain, his entire body was like a bloodthirsty sharp sword, incomparably sharp. However, Qin Luo Sheng could still sense that his aura had weakened considerably!

"Xiaoxiao, help me feign an attack!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a cold expression on his face. After loudly instructing Xiaoxiao, he did not retreat but instead advanced towards Li Zhan who had activated his domain.

It was already included in the domain. It was foolish to delay time.

Taking advantage of the fact that he was at the peak of the conventional enhancement, taking advantage of the fact that Li Zhan had just used his domain to recover from his injuries and was weak, if he did not attack now, when would he?

"Courting death!"

An icy glint flashed in Li Zhan’s eyes. It was obvious that he was enraged by Qin Sheng’s disregard for him.

I have already f * * king activated my domain, yet you still dare to charge into the enemy lines?

Are you looking down on me?

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

As the sword slashed down, the vigorous golden sword aura was already released from ten meters away. It was as fast as lightning and as powerful as a dragon as it slashed towards Li Zhan.

"This is…"

Li Zhan’s expression instantly changed.

Although this was not his first time eating Qin Sheng's chop, it was his first time seeing it in his sober state.

Even though the slash had yet to land on his body, he could completely sense the powerful power contained in the golden sword Qi. The terrifying holy aura made him shiver.

“Brat, exactly who are you?”

At a distance of over ten meters, Li Zhan naturally easily dodged it. Seeing the Sword Qi brush past his body, and sensing the aura that caused his heart to palpitate, he let out a violent roar.

Yet.

What answered him was Qin Sheng, who had already entered a state of mind, and the dense sword qi that he continuously slashed out.

Holy Flame, attack distance + 5 meters!

Sword Aura crisscrossed. Attack distance + 2 meters!

This was normal.

After activating [Backwater Battle] and obtaining the Blood Devil's buff, [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier], its attack range had reached 17 meters! (Backwater Battle + 10 meters)

Even though there was a huge side effect of fighting with one's back against the wall, under this effect, one could not use skills and could only rely on hacking.

But did Qin Sheng care?

What other skills did a 17-meter-long Sword Aura require?

His skills, Shadow Slash, Shadow Assault, Shadow Stab, and so on could only be used at close range!

And now.

Wasn't it courting death to be so close to someone else's domain?

Just like the Ice Goddess (Evil) had done back then, relying on the endless, surging long-range Sword Qi to suppress it was enough.

Powerful wasn’t like the Snow Goddess (Evil). He didn’t have an endless wall of ice as a shield, so no matter how capable he was, it was impossible for him to dodge all of these sword qi attacks.

Since that was the case…

With the quadruple damage from the Holy Flame and the 80% additional damage from [Life Prayer], it was almost five times the damage.

He didn't need too much. As long as he could hit one or two out of ten, he would have made a killing.

"Bastard!"

Indeed.

Under the fierce attack of Qin Luo Sheng's sword qi "rain" and the supplementary attack of the small flank, Li Zhan could not even raise his head. Forget about counterattacking, even evading was difficult.

As time passed, Li Zhan received more attacks, so he became more powerless.

After all.

These attacks were all imbued with holy flames, and they were especially effective against darkness-attribute beings like him. As such, they would be corroded upon contact with the flames, and not only would the damage be extremely severe, the pain would also multiply exponentially.

The doubling of pain was no joke.

In a high-intensity battle, as long as one's nerves felt a little pain, it would be affected and cause a chain reaction. It would feed back to one's body, causing one's movements to slow down. One wrong move would result in one wrong step after another. In this way, one would be pressed down by the enemy and would be unable to turn around.

This was the situation Li Zhan was currently facing.

He also understood.

But even if he understood, it was impossible to reverse it!

Unless…

"Blood Sword Split Sword Slash Endless Three Thousand Guest!"

As more injuries were inflicted on his body, his Health Points had already dropped below half. Li Zhan finally could not take it anymore. He forcefully withstood Qin Sheng's attack, condensed energy, and activated the ability of the Blood Demon Sword Domain. This was also the skill that allowed his Health Points to explode at 50%.

A sword slaying three thousand guests?

What an arrogant name!

Qin Sheng, who had been vigilant all this while, naturally took precautions immediately.

Yet.

So what if they were wary?

In other people's domain, there was nowhere to hide.

And yet…

Li Zhan's move was ruthless, ruthless, and shameless.

With a single sword strike, ten thousand swords would strike!

This was not because Qin Sheng's attack speed was too fast. One sword after another, the sword qi was continuous as if there was an endless amount of sword qi bursting forth. It was because he had truly slashed out countless sword qi in an instant, sweeping past and practically encompassing the entire domain.

"Summon the Skeleton Giant!"

In the face of such a ferocious and earth-shattering attack, Qin Sheng did not even think. The [Death Bone] in his hand flashed with light, and in an instant, a huge skeletal giant landed and blocked in front of Qin Sheng.

——————

< EMPTY >

The book’s setting is Invincible, but considering many of my brothers aren’t used to it, I’ll make the appropriate adjustments. Of course, the main storyline won’t change.

After the Demon Palace plot ended, the next plot would change the protagonist's attributes.

Everyone should try to guess how to fix it.

A friendly reminder—

Destroy the owner!