Chapter 593: Blood Devil Sword Domain

"Hunting Tiger!"

The White Tiger stood in the middle of the galaxy and glanced downward while uttering a ferocious roar. At that instant, Li Zhan, who was about to raise his sword to counterattack, fell into a terrified state.

"Even if I specialize in one aspect and abandon everything else, I can indeed pay attention to my energy and focus on it. The improvement in my strength is even more obvious."

Qin Luo Sheng charged up his power brazenly, ready to unleash a violent blow.

"However, this way, you will be easily targeted. When others find your weakness and countering techniques, you will only have the same ability and nothing else. At that time, how will you defend yourself and counterattack?"

Qin Luo Sheng knew this very well.

Not to mention those far away, which of the players' jobs were not limited?

Warriors were defeated by Archers.

The Thief and the Shield Warrior were finished.

Magician was defeated by the Thief.

…

Professions restrained each other and restricted each other. This way, it would test the cooperation of the players and the class allocation of the players.

This was why players could defeat any BOSS.

After all.

BOSSes were unique. They were either physical or magical. In the end, they could be killed by players who could counter each other.

Even though some BOSS were both physical and magical, the attributes of these BOSS would not be as extreme as a single ability BOSS. Instead, they would become mediocre.

What was the use of a mediocre BOSS?

Players could have unlimited healing, unlimited potions, and even unlimited revival!

A BOSS with insufficient attributes and no ability to kill instantly was not a threat at all.

For example, Li Zhan.

Other than swords, it was still swords.

When dealing with existences that were far inferior to him in strength, it was naturally always successful. One sword to a child!

Yet.

If he were to meet Qin Luo, who was a hacker, he would be completely jinxed.

His speed had been completely surpassed. He had an extremely powerful ability, but he couldn't see anyone. No matter how powerful his attack was, what use was it?

And this was a one-on-one fight.

If it was another team,

A Shield Specialist withstood the damage, followed up with the damage output, and suppressed the opponent indefinitely. That was what it meant to be completely helpless.

Especially after being attracted by the aggro, he did not even have the ability to leave the side of the Shield Warrior. He could only passively get beaten up and his health points were depleted bit by bit, dying miserably in despair.

Ding… your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has caused a serious injury to the target, Blood Demon Ruthless Sword. Attribute decreased by 20%! '

NICE!

The system's crisp prompt caused tears to well up in Qin Luo's eyes.

How long had it been?

How long had it been since he had heard the words "absolutely seriously injured"?

From the moment he entered the Demon Palace, he had been disappointed every time he used a violent blow.

Now.

The confidence that he did not find on the Gold Boss was found from the Ancient Boss Li Zhan.

I'm still the man blessed by the Goddess of Luck!

"A 20% reduction in attributes from a serious injury. Let's see how you fight me now!"

The detection spell was activated again.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Li Zhan, whose attributes had already dropped by a huge chunk. He snorted coldly and took advantage of the fact that this fellow was still in a state of fear from Hunting Tiger to launch a fierce attack.

“Vicious Destruction!”

[Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] aimed at Li Zhan’s right elbow and slashed down heavily.

Everyone knew that.

When facing an enemy that was too strong, there were only two conventional methods to win, one was to strengthen oneself, and the other was to weaken the enemy.

Qin Luo Sheng naturally grabbed at both ends.

Strengthening oneself was a variety of augmentation skills, enhancement potions, augmentation talismans, and so on.

The weakening of the enemy was first a violent and heavy blow, then a hidden dragon's might and the Gaze of the Death God. Now, it was the weakening of the enemy's attack.

As a swordsman, the sword was not the only attacking method, but what was indisputable was that the sword was definitely the most important attacking method. It was the soul!

The hand controlling the sword was of course the most important.

Savage and violent attacks.

The special effect of this skill was that there was a high chance of crippling the target's joints. Coupled with [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] 's endowment [Broken Army Break], there was a high chance of triggering the broken ability.

It was a double take.

Qin Qin Sheng refused to believe that he could not cripple Li Zhan's hand.

"Ding… Savage Damage has a special effect. Target's elbow is disabled!"

After three consecutive slashes, as expected, Li Zhan’s right hand was crippled from the elbow.

"Very good!"

Although it was a pity that Li Zhan’s hand wasn’t directly cut off, it was the same for a cripple. Even if his hand was still stuck, what could he do if he couldn’t use any strength?

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Qin Sheng, who had crippled Li Zhan's sword-wielding right hand, was still unsatisfied.

Being kind to your enemy is being cruel to yourself.

If she did not take his life, she would definitely be an idiot.

It was not enough to cripple his offensive means.

What if Li Zhan still had some tricks up his sleeve?

He had to go deeper!

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Thus…

The five sword stabs were ready.

With a point, he struck out five times.

Target.

It was aimed at Li Zhan’s left eye.

Five yellow critical damage floated up. Li Zhan's 3.8 million HP bar was emptied by this wild damage.

Yet.

What Qin Qin Sheng wanted was not this, but—

"Ding, your attack has triggered extreme weak point damage. Current target's left eye is disabled!"

Shuang ~

The cold prompt from the system made Qin Luo feel as if he had just downed a bottle of ice-cold broadsword in the middle of a threesome. His heart was cold and his spirit was soaring. He was thoroughly satisfied.

Left eye and right hand.

Heaven and earth were destroyed.

This time.

Let's see how Li Zhan would continue fighting!

"Damn brat!"

After five seconds, Li Zhan, who had recovered from his state of fear, instantly realized his own condition. He took a step forward and retreated to Qin Sheng's side.

"Can you run away?"

Upon seeing this familiar scene, Qin Sheng could not help but be reminded of his past self.

Back then, when he was in the Ice Goddess Hall, he was also helpless when faced with the Ice Goddess (Evil) who was like a turtle shell.

He had clearly relied on close combat to earn a living. He had gone through painstaking means to get close to him and achieved his goal. However, he had almost vomited after being beaten up. He had no choice but to give up his advantage and get lost like a stray dog.

“Blood Demon Sword Domain!”

As a powerful swordsman and an excellent close-combat master, Li Zhan naturally knew the advantage of chasing after the enemy. He also knew very well that as the one being chased, if he allowed the enemy to get close, an even more terrifying nightmare would occur.

A loud roar.

Accompanied by the reverberation of the blood weapon in Li Zhan's hand, blood-red energy filled with the smell of fresh blood was released. Qin Luo, who was charging forward, could not avoid it and was instantly drawn into it.

Domain?

Qin Sheng, who had experienced it more than once, instantly recognized his current situation.

"As expected, these Epic monsters with unique backgrounds and strength are f*cking standardized for domains!"

Qin Qin was gnashing his teeth in hatred.