Chapter 591: Inner Court District, Lone Swordsman Li Zhan

If you haven't eaten pork, haven't you seen a pig run?

Although Qin Luo Sheng was not an economics expert, he still understood simple principles.

This extremely deformed market would not last long.

With the opening of the dungeon, 99% of the players would not be able to see the Boss every day.

Even without the addition of dungeons in the wild, just based on the official dungeons three times a day, the most ordinary players would still have the chance to obtain Augmenting Gems every day. However, because of the difficulty of the dungeons, the drop rate of the Boss would decrease and it would not be easy to get out.

However…

Who could be sure about probability?

It could be said.

Even if the officials did not interfere, given time, the market of Augmenting Gems, which was extremely heavily foamed, would return to normal at an extremely fast speed and reach the price it deserved.

Even so, the future depended on the present.

Unless it was controlled by the officials to increase the drop rate of Augmenting Gems, the Augmenting Gems would still be able to hold out for a short period of time.

After all.

China lacked all kinds of people except rich people.

Strengthening was like gambling. It was easy to become addicted to it. As consumables, the usage would be huge.

In particular, the rules of strengthening the system were insane at this stage.

Once the enhancement reached a high level, especially the enhancement + 10, with the current level 30 equipment, the attributes that it carried would not be as high as the additional attributes after the enhancement. Furthermore, after the enhancement + 7, there would be additional enhancement rewards.

This could greatly increase one's strength. Who could reject those rich experts?

"However, the price of this Augmenting Gems is really scary now. It's fine if it's just Intermediate and Advanced Augmenting Gems, but low-grade Augmenting Gems are completely unnecessary for me!"

As Qin Luo Sheng fought against the guards of the Demon Palace, he was multitasking at the same time. In any case, dealing with a small BOSS like this was completely akin to bullying a noob. With Xiaoxiao backing him up, there was no need to worry.

"The acquisition of low-level Augmenting Gems can be stopped. The price of this thing will become lower in the future. Considering that the gold coins will continue to depreciate, the inflation factor will definitely make a terrible loss."

"There's also crystal coins. I've already gathered 10,000 of them to exchange for the Nine Characters Incantation. There's no need to raise the price and purchase them. It's enough to restore the normal price. Anyway, no one knows the use of crystal coins at the moment. It doesn't matter even if the big forces with foresight are buying them."

"I don't care about anyone, especially those large factions that need to support many people. Once their funds are secured, the outcome will be very miserable. Moreover, I have the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, so I naturally have an advantage. After ordinary players drop their crystal coins, they will basically sell them for money, buy potions, or equipment. And most of the first choice will definitely be the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. What am I afraid of?"

Ding… congratulations on killing level 38 Silver Boss—Demon Palace Guard. EXP gained: 50W + Reputation: 200! '

As he was lost in his thoughts, the fiendish Demon Palace guard unknowingly fell under his sword.

50W + experience points!

Hmm ~

Rich!

After all, it was only a Silver Boss. Naturally, it could not compare to the eight Demon Kings who had an average of six million!

"Killing monsters alone and taking all the experience points is awesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng swept his gaze over and looked at the specks of starlight beside the corpse of the Demon Palace guard. He nodded in satisfaction. "Not just experience, but the drop rate is pretty good as well. The Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins are all the same. Although the amount is pitiful, it's already not bad if it can drop. Why would I need a bicycle?"

Continue! Continue!

Qin Luo picked up his spoils of war and advanced forward, searching for traces of these small bosses.

These were Lin Xiao’s original elite personal guards. Even if their numbers were not comparable to the ones in the earth and stone area, and were ordinary personal guards led by Gongsun Zhuang, this massive Demon Lord Palace was definitely not lacking.

There should be three digits, right?

This meant that even if there were at least 100 low-grade Augmenting Gems, spirit crystals, and many crystal coins, they were waving at him!

Who could resist such temptation?

At least Qin Luo could not.

In any case, it was a mission. They had to kill their way through the Demonic Palace anyway.

They were naturally happy to be able to take the opportunity to reap some benefits.

…

Two hours later.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the completion rate refreshed in the mission board, then glanced at the nearly two hundred Augmenting Gems in his backpack and nodded in satisfaction.

Even though it took him quite some time, the benefits were quite impressive.

As the guards of the Demon Lord Palace and the BOSS, there couldn't be too many of them and they couldn't form groups like the areas they had previously passed through. Otherwise, it would be too unfair to the players.

Hence.

The mainframe set the rules.

He wanted the guards of the Demon Palace to split up and fight on their own in the name of 'patrolling'. Not only would they be able to take care of the main storyline, but they would also be able to give the players a chance to defeat them one by one.

"Who are you?"

After passing through the wide plaza in front of the Demon Lord Palace and passing through the small palace complex at the front of the palace, after clearing the Demon Palace's guards, Qin Sheng finally stepped into the true core area.

“Who?”

Qin Sheng was startled by his shout.

Looking in the direction of the source of the sound, he saw a large palace that occupied an extremely large area. Under the protection of the surrounding small palaces, it appeared "outstanding" and stood out from the crowd.

Screech…

When the palace doors opened, an extremely strong battle intent and sword intent gushed out and rushed towards Qin Sheng.

"This aura?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression changed drastically as he hurriedly raised the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] before his chest. His entire body was emitting an intense battle intent as he fought against the aura of this unfamiliar expert.

"After so many years, I didn't think that there would actually be someone who could break into the Demon Palace and enter here!"

A graceful young master dressed in snow-white clothes and holding a three-foot green peak walked out from the palace.

His appearance was handsome and his face was as sharp as a knife. However, his merciless gaze and the sharp aura that he exuded made one feel horrified. It ruined his scholarly appearance.

“Li Zhan?”

Qin Sheng, who knew about the Demon Palace, naturally saw through the man's identity at a glance.

Eight Demon Kings.

Now, there was only the Great Demon King Lin Xiao, the Second Demon King Yi Ping, and the Seventh Demon King Li Zhan left.

It was impossible for Lin Xiao to appear in the palace in front of him. Yi Ping was also Lin Xiao's lover, so the only one left was naturally Li Zhan.

"Looks like you came prepared!"

Li Zhan, whose name had been called out, said with a gloomy expression, "No wonder you were able to kill those five pieces of trash in front. Your strength should not be bad.”

As he spoke.

Li Zhan shifted his gaze to the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in Qin Sheng's hands. His eyes were glued to the [Coiling Dragon Li Water].

That unconcealed greed made even Qin Sheng, who was far away, tremble involuntarily.