Chapter 597: Blood Demon Sword

"Roar!"

Sound waves surged, creating thousands of waves.

After recovering, Li Zhan's original appearance as Young Master Ruyu had changed drastically.

His entire body was blood red, a single horn grew on his forehead, and a pair of wings sprouted from his ribs, making him look like an alien.

Not only that.

His entire body was covered in unknown dark red scales. Veins could be seen clearly on the surface of his body, and his internal organs were the same. He looked like a blood demon that had walked out of hell, making people's scalps tingle with fear.

"Interesting!"

The evolved Li Zhan seemed as if he was controlled by the blood sword in his hand. At this moment, he completely lost his consciousness and had completely transformed into a Sword Servant. However, his soaring battle intent and bloodthirsty killing intent were even stronger than before.

"Since that's the case, let's have a match!"

At this moment, the one-minute augmentation skill had ended. Apart from the medicine and talismans that could "refill" indefinitely, Qin Luo Sheng only had three minutes of Sacred Flame left.

When facing the Sword Servant Li Zhan in his current state, if he wanted to fight according to the prescribed order, then he would only be slowly ground to death.

Since this guy's attack was unparalleled, but his defense was useless, then he would crush him with brute force.

You cut me?

I'll chop you up too!

Under such circumstances.

Let's see who can withstand it more!

Let's see who can last longer and become stronger!

“Undying Battle Will!”

Qin Luo Sheng extinguished the idea of using Dragon's Blood Ignition and activated the Indestructible Battle Will with the side effects.

Instantly.

Qin Sheng's battle intent surged. As it strengthened, his strength, which had dropped due to the many augmentation techniques, swelled once again. He was no weaker than the Sword Servant Li Zhan.

“Blood Seething!”

Another augmentation skill was activated.

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng was wreathed in blood qi.

Even though his appearance was completely inferior to Li Zhan's "non-mainstream", his aura was not weak at all.

"Blood Boiling has the ability to control blood, strengthen blood absorption, stop recovery, and gradually weaken all attributes. This must not be lesser!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath, full of confidence.

Before.

This skill was directly coordinated with Li Water and was able to destroy a powerful Boss!

Even though Li Zhan was known as the Blood Demon Ruthless Sword, he was also an extremely bloodthirsty existence. This move might not be very effective, but at the very least, it wouldn’t fall into his hands. It could be considered as mutual offset, and no one would be able to use blood to make an issue of it.

“This strength is truly formidable! However, it hasn’t reached its peak yet. I reckon that I’ll only be able to know exactly how formidable my unreserved peak will be after the final battle with Dragon Lake in three days!”

Qin Luo sighed.

If not for the fact that there was still the Second Demon King Yi Ping and the Great Demon King Lin Xiao behind him, and that he still had to continue clearing the Demon Palace dungeon today, Qin Luo Sheng would not have saved at all. He would have directly used his full strength to kill this idiot in front of him.

Even so.

Dragon Blood Igniting Death, Sky Slashing Strike, and other skills were not useful. Blood Boiling was a special skill that only had a cooldown of 10 hours, so he could not be stingy.

After all, he was an Ancient Strengthening BOSS, he had to show some respect!

After all.

After that, he would have to engage in a violent battle with the Sword Servant Li Zhan. Under his 800 points of Physical Attack, even if he relied on the enhanced Dragon City Potion, he would be utterly unable to recover in time.

The only way was to suck blood.

Unfortunately.

The previous material [Blood Spirit Crystal] did not give [Coiling Dragon Water] the ability to suck blood. The Dragon Forging Grandmaster had no choice but to add [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] to increase its ability to suck blood.

However…

The [Coiling Dragon Water], which had an important special effect, [Li Water], was the main attack.

The main attacker did not have the ability to suck blood?

If he could not recover his Health Points, he would be beaten up!

"Blood Boiling is activated. Blood-sucking ability has covered [Coiling Dragon Water]. The last piece of the puzzle is ready. Li Zhan, let's see how you die!"

Qin Luo Sheng's figure suddenly dashed forward and charged towards Zhan Zhan who was waving his blood-colored wings like a demon.

"Shadow Banner!"

"Ice Skin!"

"Jade Bone!"

After continuously using [Shadow Ghost Boots], his speed increased by three times, making up for the loss of speed brought about by Leopard Rush and the Roaming Snake Movement Technique. After all, Li Zhan's current speed had reached 10,000 points. If he wanted to completely crush him in speed, he would have to at least double his speed.

There were also ice muscles and jade bones.

While his defense increased greatly, his health also doubled, ensuring that his upper limit was not instantly killed by Li Zhan.

Yet.

This was not enough.

Just now, Li Zhan was able to insta-kill him with a single strike. Even if he was using a sword technique, who could guarantee that the current Li Zhan would not use a sword technique killer move?

Qin Luo did not dare to gamble with his life!

"Since I can't continue to use the amplification, in order to avoid being insta-killed, I can only weaken Li Zhan's ability!"

The death god's gaze and dragon might that he had been holding back finally came in handy.

"Gaze of Death!"

-1000000!

"Dragon Might!"

-1000000!

Under the two weakening techniques, Li Zhan could not resist at all.

Instantly.

His Health Points dropped by 2,000,000, and his Attack Power dropped from 80,000 to 48,000!

“Death God’s power? Dragon God’s power?”

The Sword Servant Li Zhan let out a cold sneer that was like a dark vulture. "As expected of someone that was able to defeat this sovereign's Sword Servant, to actually possess the strength of two gods. Truly extraordinary!”

"Who are you?"

Qin Luo's heart trembled as he listened to the voice that was completely different from Li Zhan's tone and aura. His face was filled with astonishment.

“I am the Blood Demon Sword!”

The Sword Servant, Li Zhan, said, "It's fine if you're able to weaken my Sword Servant's physical strength. So long as I come into contact with your body, I'll be able to instantly absorb it and absorb your blood. As for weakening ability? Hmph! Do you really think I, the dignified sword of a Blood Devil God, would be helpless against such a little trick? Bloodsucking Energy, Bloodline Seething!”

"Ah…"

His whole body glowed with a bloody light. Li Zhan, who was originally transparent and could see the blood vessels in his skin, immediately let out an extremely painful howl.

Under the control of the Blood Demon Sword, he used the blood in his body to boil, rupturing his blood vessels and using his own blood to forcefully ignite his strength.

"As expected of a demon!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he watched the scene before him. Even though he wasn't the one suffering, he still couldn't help but feel his scalp go numb. "Your heart really doesn't ache! Your sword slave is broken. Let's see what you can do!"

"Hmph!"

The Blood Devil Sword grunted coldly and said, “It’s merely a mere Sword Servant, and I can find it anywhere. Is there a lack of greedy people in this world? There are truly countless people that desire strength! Even if they know that I’m the so-called ominous Devil Sword, wouldn’t they still be unable to resist the temptation and become a slave of strength and become my Sword Servant?! Isn’t this person before me a living example!?”