Chapter 600: Conquer? Convince? The Blood Demon Sword Submits

Listen! Listen!

Was this human language?

I want to f * * king beat you to death!

If I could find my master, would I have possessed Li Zhan and been beaten by you?

If my master was here, you piece of trash could still show off in front of me!

Damn it!

“So, what’s your choice?”

The Blood Demon Sword remained silent. Qin Luo Sheng did not know how to. His time was precious and he did not want to waste it here.

Even though he really wanted to subdue the Blood Demon Sword, this fellow was extremely strange indeed, and it was very easy for him to be led into a trap by it. Normally, he would directly eliminate the matter, but now, the battle of Dragon Lake City was imminent, and every existence that could improve his strength couldn’t be overlooked.

Even if the Blood Demon Sword suffered from cerebral palsy and had yet to wake up from its former glory, it was still the sword of the Blood Demon of the seven Demon Envoys of the Demon Race. As long as it could display its power, it should not be bad.

This was especially the case when the gap between him and Long Yuan was truly too great. Their chances of winning weren’t high, and they were following the prescribed order. If they were to fight head-on, then they would be looking for trouble. Only if they took the extreme path of the blade and relied on surprise to win would their chances be slightly better.

"How can I betray the demons and my master?"

The Blood Demon Sword said arrogantly.

"Really? What a pity!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. He tightened his grip on the Coiling Dragon Water and strode forth, filled with murderous intent.

"Wait, wait…"

The Blood Demon Sword moved in the air. The blade vibrated as if it was trembling all over. It hurriedly called out to Qin Sheng.

“Don’t say I didn’t give you a chance. If you have any last words, say them quickly.”

Blood Demon Sword:…

It was already his last words. Was there a need for a hammer?

Besides.

What last words did I say? Who did I leave my last words for?

You little rascal, you are very bad.

Are you trying to trick me?

I said my last words and exposed the location of my allies. Then, you betrayed me and followed the information I revealed to settle accounts with the remnants of the demon race!

Damn it!

How sinister!

As expected of a human, he looked just like those old bastards from ten thousand years ago!

"I can submit to you and listen to your commands!"

The Blood Demon Sword pondered for a moment before saying, “However, you and I need to sign an agreement. I’m only helping you and listening to your orders, not acknowledging you as my master!”

"Oh? That's interesting!"

Qin Luo narrowed his eyes and stroked his chin. "So stubborn? You don't look like the kind of person who won't yield to force or poverty! Could it be that your master isn't dead yet? Is that why you're so persistent?"

“That’s right!” The Blood Demon Sword openly admitted. “As the head of the seven Demon Envoys, how could Lord Blood Demon die so easily? There will come a day when Lord Blood Demon will return to find me. I will also follow Lord Blood Demon’s orders and complete the work that the ancestors of 10,000 years ago failed to accomplish. I will conquer this vast and beautiful land!”

"You really dare to say that!" Qin Luo was speechless. "Not only do you miss your old master so much in front of me, your new master, you even keep saying that you want to return to your old master's embrace. Do you think I don't have a temper?"

“Stop pretending. I’ve seen too many people like you.” The Blood Demon Sword said in disdain, “You need my power, I need you to help me break free from here. We’re just taking what we need. This is just a transaction.”

"You're right!" Qin Sheng nodded in agreement and admitted openly. "However, you missed something!"

Blood Demon Sword: "Please elaborate!"

"That is…" Qin Luo said, "You neglected the current situation."

Blood Demon Sword:…

"The prerequisite for a trade is for both parties to wait!" Qin Sheng's lips curled into a cold smile. He looked at the Blood Demon Sword floating in the air without moving and said, "And now, you are my captive and I control your life and death. Tell me, what right do you have to trade with me?"

“Then there’s no other way!” The Blood Devil Sword fell silent for a short while before it said, “Since it’s like that, then I can only appoint you!”

"So tough?" Qin Luo laughed. "You weren't like this just now!"

"Although I'm only a sword spirit and don't have a complicated human heart, I also know how to choose a good bird to nest in. Furthermore, it's precisely because I'm a sword spirit that I managed to gain sentience with great difficulty and was born from it. I understand the value of life more than all of you!"

Qin Luo was instantly puzzled. "Then why did you…"

"However, how can my Blood Devil Sword be a coward who fears death?" The Blood Devil Sword suddenly became passionate and emotional. "As a sword, I would rather break than bend. For countless years, I accompanied Lord Blood Devil everywhere, devouring the blood of thousands of living beings. The number of living beings that died under my blade is hard to count. Through the blood, I can feel the emotions of those dead, whether despair, love, unwillingness, hatred… all sorts of things, and so on."

“I am also afraid of death, but that doesn’t mean that I will become someone else’s slave because I fear death. I will lose myself and allow myself to be ordered around. Lord Blood Demon only obeys the Demon Monarch, but I only acknowledge Lord Blood Demon!”

Qin Luo remained silent and applauded.

"As expected of the sword of a soldier. It's neither bent nor bent, and is extremely sharp. Even a demon sword has such a temperament and loyalty. I'm impressed!"

The Blood Demon Sword replied indifferently, “You flatter me!”

“But each for its own master. You’re loyal to the demons, and I’m for the humans. We’re on different sides. You can understand why I destroyed you, right?”

Qin Qin asked.

“Naturally.”

Perhaps it was because of the resounding noise just now, but the Blood Demon Sword’s state of mind had also stabilized. Facing the impending death, it was much more indifferent, no longer as scared and confused.

"That's good!"

Qin Luo replied, "If you can't get it, then destroy it. I'm not that perverted, and it's not that I don't have the tolerance for others. However, if you want to nurture the enemy, then I have no choice but to do so. However, I admire you very much. For someone like you who can still maintain such a mental state despite being stained with endless blood and not completely become a bloodthirsty sword spirit, you're truly respectable."

"How about this! I agree that you're loyal to your master, Blood Demon. Next, I have a great enemy to face. Your existence should be able to give me a chance of winning. Why don't we sign a contract? Before we find your master, Blood Demon, you will become the sword in my hand. My will is directed towards you. I want you to become my sword."

The Blood Demon Sword pondered for a long time before asking, "What if I find Lord Blood Demon?"

"I admire your loyalty, but since ancient times, treasures have always belonged to the capable," Qin Sheng said with a smile. "Today, you used your life and future to make a deal with me and temporarily became the sword in my hands. This contract will automatically be nullified after you receive treatment from your master, the Blood Demon. At that time, you can decide whether you want to stay or leave."

“Deal!” The Blood Demon Sword agreed.

"Deal!"