Chapter 306: What I See In Dragon City (3)

Shock.

Qin Qin Sheng was truly shocked.

Initially, he thought that the Dragon Blood Pill and Potential Potion were already powerful enough. He did not expect that it was really good stuff, hidden in the Zhou Dynasty.

Was this the so-called finale?

Great!

"MD, I'm going crazy."

Qin Luo Sheng pulled his hair tightly and felt dizzy. "If these things were transported back to Star Glory City, how big of a storm would it cause?"

Unimaginable.

It was truly unimaginable.

Of the six major professions in Fate Dimension, there were a total of fourteen minor professions. The most popular ones were Warriors and Magicians, which occupied more than 60% of the player population.

Magician was a class that controlled the power of the elements. There were only four types of elements in the regular class. They were divided into water, fire, wind, and earth.

There were countless variations in the water system. Water could restrict movement, ice could deal damage, fog could disrupt vision, and even freeze the enemy while controlling them. It was the type of control!

The fire attribute was incomparably violent, unlike the water attribute which had so many tricks up its sleeves. There was only one word—Explode, Extreme Explosion. The damage output was the strongest, and the damage output was the highest. It belonged to the damage output type!

Wind was incomparably sharp, light and penetrating. It used sharp wind blades to cut enemies, and its attacks had a tearing effect. It specialized in speed and torture, and it was considered a fast attack type, or rather, a kite type!

The earth element was thick and solid, and it had the most defensive spells. It also had Earth Spike and other spells to restrict it. It could not only create a book, but also protect the back row. At crucial moments, it could also delay the BOSS's rhythm. It was considered a defensive type or an all-rounder type!

Unless there were special techniques or extreme configurations, any team would not lack mages. It could be said that other than Shield Specialists and Priests, there was no shortage of mages in any team. Basically, every team would have one to two mages.

With such a large proportion, it was possible to see a mage's appetite.

In the list that Gu Feng had given them, the last four pills were targeted at mages. The degree to which they were strengthened was explosive.

Demonic Pills named after elements did not increase attack power by 10%, nor did it increase the power of skills, but rather the effect of skills.

What did this mean?

It meant comprehensive.

This spell of yours is good at attacking. The effect of increasing skills is to increase power. If your magic is good at controlling, then the effect of increasing control is good.

For example, the Earth Shield of an earth-type mage would increase the defense of the target while adding a clear number of magic shields that could resist damage.

If he consumed the Earth Demon Elixir, his Defense and Magic Shield damage numbers would increase by 10%. This was the effect of the skill, the ability to affect all skills.

“This is too fierce. No wonder one pill costs 30 gold coins. This effect is worth this price!”

Qin Luo praised.

Even he himself needed this pill very much. This was because the two special effects of [Water Parting Coiling Dragon] and [Dragon Fire], respectively, had the effects of the water and fire elements. The Water Demon Pill and Fire Demon Gall could increase their effects and abilities. 10%. This number was not low.

He continued reading.

Qin Luo Sheng discovered that the list was still very long. It was just that everything below was covered up. This meant that the current authority was insufficient to purchase the stronger and fiercer things below.

To that.

Qin Luo Sheng expressed his regret.

However, he did not feel much.

Even if he opened them now, he had no money to buy them.

She had to eat the rice bite by bite. Her appetite was only so big. If she ate too fast and ate too much, it would be considered cheap if she stuffed herself to the point of bursting.

"What a treasure trove!"

Qin Luo fell into a blissful state of worry. "It's a pity that it's too expensive and we have limited funds. It's very difficult to buy in bulk."

"How is it? Do you like these goods?"

Gu Feng grinned.

"There's nothing to say!"

Qin Luo Sheng raised his thumb and praised, "As expected of the best pharmacy in Dragon City. I've learned a lot today."

This was not a business statement, but sincere!

Even if Gu Feng had only brought out an elementary breed, any one of these effects would surpass the current market of players. Most importantly, there was no limit to how strong it was.

"If we ship it back and sell it…"

Qin Luo's eyes instantly reddened.

Buying low and selling high had always been a business principle.

Since ancient times, this had always been the case for those selling goods.

Qin Sheng knew his place very well. He was just earning "hard-earned money" (???) and the price difference.

"Then, how much do you need? Brother and I hit it off right from the start. No matter how much it is, I'll give you a 20% discount as a greeting gift."

Gu Feng boldly waved his hand.

20% off?

Qin Luo's eyes reddened once more.

If he had the money, how much could he save by selling it?

Even though such a risk was huge, like a gambler's behavior, it was easy to lose all his fortune if he bet all of them at once. However, this was a rare opportunity. Anyway, although this thing was expensive, it couldn't be sold on a large scale. It wouldn't rot in his hands, so it could definitely be sold.

"Cheers!"

In the end, a person’s strength was limited. If he wanted to become strong, he had to find a partner and gather resources. Only then could he make a lot of money.

"Brother, wait for me. I'll go and raise some money. When the time comes, I'll buy a batch of water to test it out. If the sales are good enough, I might have to trouble you in the future."

Qin Luo said courteously. Then, he silently made the numerous medicinal pills into diagrams and opened the communicator that had been blocked for a long time. He found Yatu and sent the diagrams over one by one.

Beep beep beep…

Beep beep beep…

Beep beep beep…

In less than five seconds, his communicator started ringing.

He opened it—

There was an explosion.

Yatu: "???"

Ya Tu: "Brother Weeping Soul, you're starting again?"

Yatu: "F*ck, what kind of potion is this?"

"Brother, my dear brother, please protect me!"

Yatu: "Boss, is it new? Name a price. I want it."

Yatu: "Brother Weeping Soul, answer me. Don't tell me this is a prototype. Can it be seen and eaten?"

Qin Sheng:…

——————————

< EMPTY >

Warriors: They are divided into Berserkers and Shield Warriors. Berserkers focus on fighting while Shield Warriors guard the main body.

Magician: Usually the four elements are wind, water, fire, and earth. Hidden ones are thunder mages and others.

Archers: They are divided into Archers and Hunters. Archers are the regular Archers. They are mainly used for medium to long distances. Hunters are mainly used for setting traps and using crossbows.

Thieves: They are divided into Thieves and Assassins. Thieves are known for stealing, unlocking, and knocking on doors. Assassins are known for hiding and assassination.

Summoner: It is divided into the Regular Summoner and Merged Summoner. The Regular Summoner is to summon contracted pets. They will fight with their main combat power. The Merged Summoner will merge with the contracted pets and integrate their power into their body. They will fight with their main combat power.

Priests: They are divided into Light Priests and Dark Priests. Light Priests are healers. Dark Priests focus on curses and weaken the target's abilities.