Chapter 305: What I See In Dragon City (2)

"I hope you won't disappoint me!"

As his thoughts ran wild, Qin Sheng followed Gu Feng into the interior of the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion.

If there were no good goods here, or if there were not enough goods to support Qin Luo, then he would have no choice but to give up on the big cake.

"Brother, what do you need? I'll arrange it for you."

They sat down and drank tea. After some small talk, they finally got to the main topic.

"I'm new here, so I don't know much about it. Why don't you let me browse through the goods that I have access to?"

In business.

Qin Luo Sheng was very ambitious. Naturally, he would not be limited to a mere recovery potion. Even if this was the product with the most output and consumption, it was also the product that could last the most.

It was true that this was the foundation and pillar of a store, but when it came to profits, it was still those potions with special effects or even medicinal pills. As long as they met someone they really needed, they could sell them for a sky-high price. The profit could be multiplied by five or ten times.

"Brother, your plan is not small!"

Gu Feng glanced at Qin Luo with some surprise, before saying straightforwardly, “Little brother has only recently entered the Dragon Island, so you should have some connections. Since little brother has some needs, this old brother will naturally try my best to satisfy them. Who knows, we might even be able to cooperate in depth… Come, this is a product that my Spiritual Medicine Pavilion’s Gold Disciple can come into contact with. Little brother, take a look first.”

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not stand on ceremony. He nodded his head politely and took the list.

Dragon Blood Potion (Beginner): Regenerates 1,000 Health Points per second for 20 seconds! [Price: 1 Gold / Bottle]

Mana Potion (Beginner): Restores 1,000 Mana per second for 20 seconds! [Price: 1 Gold / Bottle]

Dragon Blood Pill (Basic Level): Instantly recover 5,000 Health Points! [Price: 5 Gold / Bottle]

Magic Energy Pill (Beginner): Instant Mana Recovery of 5000 points! [Price: 5 Gold / Bottle]

Qin Sheng:…

The rubbish product at the front of the line gave him a blow to the head.

What kind of potion was this?

A Recovery Potion that could continuously recover 20,000 points, and an Instant Potion that could instantly recover up to 5,000 points?

I was going to fucking puke.

With this potion, as long as they were not killed instantly, what BOSS could not defeat them?

Did he really think that the title of "cockroach" of players came from nothing?

Except.

This potion was powerful, but its price was also a B!

Even with the passage of time, the price of gold coins fell again. From the beginning when one gold coin could be exchanged for more than 10,000 yuan, to when Qin Luo Sheng opened the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, it was around 1: 7,000. Now, it had already fallen to 1: 1500. He believed that after some time, it would fall below the four digits.

But now, one gold coin could still be exchanged for 1,500 yuan.

And this potion?

The cheapest price was one gold coin per bottle. Wasn't that just 1500 yuan per bottle?

F*ck!

Was this the freaking bathwater of a goddess?

How expensive!

"It's too expensive, really too expensive. This is only a potion, just a consumable item. Even if it can save lives, the chances of changing the battle are not comparable to a consumable item like the Lightningfall Talisman."

Earlier, he had been full of confidence. But now, Qin Sheng was somewhat hesitant.

Would anyone really buy these potions if they were to buy them back?

Even though China was rich, and there were more rich people, they could not tolerate such squandering.

Perhaps only the rich and powerful would buy such a luxury item. However, they would definitely feel the pinch if they used it. They would definitely not buy much.

"Yes, of course!"

Qin Luo gritted his teeth and made up his mind.

Even though the price difference between this potion and the intermediate potions sold by the system store was a hundred times, the rarer something was, the more valuable it was. There was naturally a reason why it was expensive. The effect was really strong.

Originally, these potions were not intended to be sold to normal players. Normal players were not only unwilling to buy them, but also did not need them. These potions with powerful effects were used to fight bosses and PK.

Whether it was fighting a BOSS or PKing, both were of utmost importance. There were too many things that concerned them, so they naturally desired victory. However, potions, which were similar to war ammunition, were definitely sold well.

Since Hidden Dragon Pavilion was going to develop and deal with the upcoming storm, they had to take advantage of the fact that they still had the advantage and had a high quality source of goods. They had to firmly build their brand.

In reality, there were countless examples that proved that as long as the advertisement was good, you would be able to earn money. But now, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was so popular that there was no need to advertise anymore. With such good goods, there was no need to worry about selling them. They could just be unscrupulous merchants and raise the price to the maximum.

"Come, continue. Let me see what other good stuff you have!"

Even if this expenditure potion was considered a fist product, Qin Luo had already ventured deep into the treasure mountain, so he naturally wouldn't be satisfied.

The insatiable greed was the foundation of unlimited potential!

Potential Potion (Beginner): Increases all attributes by 10%. Duration: 30 seconds! [Price: 50 Gold / Bottle]

Berserk Potion (Beginner): Increases physical attack by 10%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 10 Gold / Bottle]

Berserker Potion (Beginner): Increases magic attack by 10%. Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 10 Gold / Bottle]

Steel Medicine (Basic): Increases Defense by 20%! Duration: 3 minutes! [Price: 20 Gold / Bottle]

Gale Pellet (Basic): Increases movement speed by 20%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 20 Gold / Bottle]

Qin Luo: -

It's coming, it's coming!

The Treasure Basin jumped towards me.

This potion was simply explosive.

Every single one of them was comparable to the Berserk Potion that he had obtained from Wu Lin. They were even stronger and fiercer.

"As expected of Dragon Island. As expected of the best medicine building in Dragon City. This is just a beginner-level item. There are even good items that can increase all attributes."

Qin Luo sighed.

Such things were more favored than the Recovery Potion.

After all.

Such an expensive Recovery Potion would definitely attract rich people, and these rich people would usually be willing to spend money, especially these potions and elixirs. As long as the effects passed, money would not be a problem.

Let's not talk about the real world for now. However, the game world was still very fair because data spoke for itself. If the data was strong, you would be fierce. If the data was weak, you would be weak. It was simple and easy to understand.

All the attributes that could be increased by 100%, as well as all the attributes that were directly increased, the person who bought them was definitely not weak. He had spent a lot of money to buy all the equipment and entered the top tier. Fighting BOSSes and PKing was extremely exciting. How could he be short of buying attribute potions? As long as he defeated the BOSS and PKed, wouldn't everything be back?

Continue—

Fire Demon Pill (Beginner): Increases the effect of fire-type skills by 10%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 30 Gold / Bottle]

Water Demon Pill (Beginner): Increases the effect of water-type skills by 10%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 30 Gold / Bottle]

Demonic Wind Pill (Beginner): Increases the effect of wind-type skills by 10%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 30 Gold / Bottle]

Earth Demon Elixir (Beginner): Increases the effect of Earth-type skills by 10%! Duration: 1 minute! [Price: 30 Gold / Bottle]

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o