Chapter 301: One Month As Limit, Date At The Terrifying Dragon Arena

"Wait!"

Qin Luo Sheng helplessly stretched out his hand to stop the Punishment Hall elder from taking Long Yuan away.

"Dragon Lord, do you have anything to add?"

The Dragon Monarch’s expression turned ugly.

Although the actions of the Dragon Pool Manor were self-inflicted, the cause of this incident was indeed because of Qin Sheng. He was the one who started this matter, and it was also him who set a trap for the Dragon Pool Manor.

Even if Long Yuan had committed a foolish mistake and suffered a setback that was not worthy of sympathy, Long Yuan had already been determined to be guilty. He was only waiting for the day to discuss and punish him.

He was the king of the Black Dragon Race and had meritorious deeds with the dragon race. It was already tragic enough that he ended up like this. Was this not enough?

Such aggressiveness was truly detestable.

And—

Even though the Dragon Lord acknowledged by the Dragon God had a status comparable to him, the Dragon Emperor, he was still an outsider after all. The Dragon Lord did not have any real power.

Now, he was rashly interfering with the dragon race's resolution. Did he not put the dragon race in his eyes, or did he not put him, the Dragon Emperor, in his eyes?

"Everyone, please don't misunderstand. Long Yuan is a dragon of your dragon race. Naturally, he will be punished by your dragon race's rules and laws. I have no objections."

Qin Sheng understood immediately when he saw the Dragon Emperor's gloomy expression. He hurriedly explained, "My name is Long Yuan. I don't want to interfere with the internal affairs of the Dragon Clan. It's something else."

"Oh?!!"

Seeing that Qin Sheng was not trying to usurp power, the Dragon Emperor calmed down and asked curiously, "Please elaborate!"

"Long Yuan, didn't you want to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform?”

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up into a strange smile. "I agree!"

What?

With that said, not only was Long Yuan dumbfounded, even the Dragon Emperor and the other dragons who were watching the show were dumbfounded.

The sky is clear and the rain has stopped. Do you think you can do it again?

"Are you serious?"

It was as though Long Yuan was grabbing onto his last straw of hope as he asked nervously, "Are you playing with me again?"

“I’m not trying to trick you, but there’s one condition for me to go to the Terrifying Dragon Platform.”

Qin Luo Sheng said slowly, "Everyone knows the disparity between our strengths. With my attitude, there's absolutely no chance of winning if I fight with you. If I want to fight, I must have equal strength."

"I agree!"

It was the last chance that he had managed to grab hold of with great difficulty. Long Yuan was afraid that Qin Sheng would change his mind, so he agreed immediately.

Besides.

This condition was reasonable and not harsh.

Taking a step back, even if it was a harsh request, with his current situation, he had no right to reject it.

"Ding, your SSS mission [Dragon Race's Test] has changed. Please proceed to check!"

Had something changed again?

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly opened the mission board.

There was no big change this time. It was just the fourth stage [Conquering the Dragon Race]. The mission content was to enter the Terrifying Dragon Platform at level 30 and Second Stage Profession to compete with Long Yuan.

“Rank 30 Second Stage Profession?”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his Level 27 2% level and stroked his chin. "That's still too early. Don't look at how I leveled up seven levels in five hours in the afternoon. It's based on the super high experience of the trial monsters and the efforts of the few Bosses."

"Now that the matters on Dragon Island have come to an end, I will return to Starlight City and return to my normal route. How can there be a training ground like the Dragon God Hall? Naturally, I will not be able to find bosses like Earth Dragon, Water Venomous Snake, Flood Dragon, and True Dragon. I will obtain a lot of experience points and soar to the sky."

That was good too.

In the battle with Long Yuan, he needed to think of countermeasures and strategies to replenish his strength and strive to collect more basic skill books before the Second Stage Profession.

With this period of time as a buffer, the best solution should be found.

"Since the Dragon Lord has spoken so eloquently, then this Emperor shall be a protector!"

As the master of the Dragon Island, the Dragon Emperor stepped forward without shirking his responsibility. "Long Yuan has committed a great crime and requires this Emperor to discuss with the Elder Council on how to punish him. Furthermore, the Dragon Lord has just completed the trial of the Dragon God and is extremely exhausted. Coincidentally, it will be our race's competition in a month's time. If there are no objections, how about we meet at the Terrifying Dragon Platform during the competition?"

"F*ck, only one month?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was somewhat ugly.

Initially, he wanted to use the loophole bug to avoid it. However, he did not expect the system to be so crafty. On the surface, the mission would only be activated after he reached Rank 30 or Rank 2. Now, there was a deadline. It was really disgusting.

"This is going to be difficult!"

Looking at the change in the mission once again, Qin Sheng complained powerlessly, "The Level 29 strategy is no longer feasible. Now, the dog system has put me in a difficult position. I have to level up to Level 30 within a month and complete the Second Stage Profession. Otherwise, I'll either fail the mission or accept the challenge as a Level 29 First Stage Professional. Damn!"

“No problem!” Hearing Dragon Emperor, Long Yuan immediately expressed his approval.

"I have no problem with that too." Since the mission had already been given out, what was there for Qin Sheng to struggle about? He naturally agreed helplessly.

“Since the matter has been resolved, I will not disturb everyone.”

Qin Sheng didn't stay a second longer than Long Yuan's Terrifying Dragon Platform during the one-month deadline. He nodded at the Dragon Emperor and bid him farewell before turning to leave. "Farewell!"

…

They walked out of the Dragon Palace Hall.

Qin Luo Sheng looked down at the bustling Dragon City below and stuffed back the returning scroll he had taken out.

Dragon Island, Dragon City!

Mysterious land, foreign style!

This was a place that was extremely attractive. Wouldn’t it be a pity if he didn’t have a good tour and have some fun?

"Before exploring, let's take a look at the remaining two spoils of war."

From the Dragon Queen's maidservant, Damask, to the Dragon Palace being forced to stop, Qin Sheng's spoils of war only looked at [Dragon King's Order], [Dragon King's Blood] and [Dragon King's Scale]. Also, [Dragon God's Might] and most importantly, it had already been on the World TV and had activated the Pet System. He did not look at the number one pet on the Pet Rankings.

Good things naturally had to be the finale.

‘ Come, let’s see the divine dragon’s godforce first.’

Qin Luo Sheng reached out and took out a ball of energy from his backpack. This thing that contained boundless energy and divine power was definitely the divine power of the Dragon God.

'Ding… Dragon God divine power contains the will of the Dragon God. The will of the Dragon God has discovered potential within your body. Activate?

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Before Qin Sheng could take a look at the introduction of Dragon God divine power, the system's prompt sounded in his ear.

"Activate!"

How could Qin Sheng not give face to the Dragon God Will who generously allowed him to clear the stage personally? He chose to trust him without hesitation.

In an instant.

The ball of light vanished, and the gentle energy directly entered Qin Sheng's body. In an instant, it dispersed and expanded to every corner of his body, all his limbs and bones.

Ding… Dragon God divine power dissipated. Your skills—Sky Martial, Sacred Body, Divine Flash, and Spiritual Wisdom, have been upgraded due to the activation of Dragon God divine power! '