Chapter 302: Dragon God Power, Skill Upgrade

Ding… Dragon God divine power dissipated. Your skills—Sky Martial, Sacred Body, Divine Flash, and Spiritual Wisdom, have been upgraded due to the activation of Dragon God divine power! '

Surprise!

Surprise!

Surprise!

Qin Luo Sheng's expression changed again. His astonishment was mixed with disbelief. His face was completely twisted, turning into an extremely sinister one.

It leveled up!

From the moment he entered Fate Dimension, after awakening the Lord of the Stars in the Temple of Destiny, this SSS talent gave him a basic attribute that exceeded 10 points and broke through to 20 points, activating the four highest level exclusive skills of Strength, Constitution, Agility, and Spirit. Up until now, it was still in its initial form.

Looking at the skill introduction, it was clearly indicated that he could level up, but he just could not find any way to level up. At one point, Qin Sheng had a headache.

Unexpectedly.

He had already given up on the things he had forgotten, but today, he had unintentionally made use of this opportunity to level up.

"Dragon God, Olly!"

This surprise had come too suddenly. Qin Sheng, who had not been mentally prepared at all, was stunned and dizzy.

He opened the skill column—

[Sky Weapon] 's only skill, Level 2 (Skywolf Force → Hunting Tiger Power, can be upgraded), can break through the sky with brute force, can suppress mountains and rivers. Passive effect, Strength + 20, Attack + 10%, Critical Strike Chance + 10%.

Active Effect—Sirius: After activation, Attack Power increases by 100%, Critical Strike Chance increases by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Hunting Tiger: After activation, imitate the Godly Tiger and let out a Tiger Roar, causing fear to the enemy for 5 seconds and reducing attack power by 30% for 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

First, it was [Sky Weapon]. The power of the Skywolf had evolved into the power of the Hunting Tiger. The passive effect was doubled, and the duration of the active skill [Skywolf] was doubled. Furthermore, it had an additional active skill [Hunting Tiger]. It had a mandatory 5 seconds of Fear Control, and its attack was reduced by 30%. It was insane!

[Holy Body] 's only skill, Level 2 (Ice Muscle Body → Jade Bone Body, can be upgraded), Holy Body, invulnerable to weapons and fire and water. Passive effect, Constitution + 20, Health + 10%, Defense + 10%.

Active Effect—Ice Skin: After activation, the upper limit of Health Points will increase by 100%, the upper limit of Mana Points will increase by 100%, and the user will instantly recover to full state. Defense will increase by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Jade Bone: After activation, Defense + X (Personal Defense Class Advancement * LV) Point. The first three seconds of activation, Absolute Defense Effect. Immune to poison below the Epic stage. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Then there was the [Holy Body], where the Ice Muscle Body evolved into the Jade Bone Body.

Ice muscles and jade bones?

Good review.

At the same time, there was an additional active skill [Jade Bone].

[Ice Skin] was a 100% increase, while [Jade Bone] was a clear increase in points. Furthermore, there were two more terrifying effects—Absolute Defense and immunity to poison. Even if the Absolute Defense was only three seconds, the immunity to poison was limited to below the Epic stage.

Yet.

This was already powerful enough.

Based on the performance of the [Sacred Body], its grade was enough to be classified as legendary.

The most ridiculous thing was that this was only level 2. Once it was upgraded again, it would become terrifying.

[God's Flash] 's only skill, Level 2 (Leopard Sudden Speed → Wind Walk Speed → Upgradeable), flexibility, formless illusion. Passive effect, Agility + 20, Speed + 10%, Dodge + 10%.

Active Effect—Leopard Rush: After activation, speed increases by 100%, evasion increases by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—Wind Walk: After activation, Speed + X (Speed * Class Advancement * LV level) Points. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Next was the [Divine Flash]. Leopard's sudden speed had evolved into the speed of wind.

Wind was naturally faster than a leopard.

There was nothing wrong with this promotion.

At the same time, the additional [Wind Walk] was similar to the [Jade Bone]. It was almost carved from the same mold. Unfortunately, there was only the increase in speed and no other additional effects like absolute defense.

[Spiritual Wisdom] 's only skill, LV2 (Super Dimension Wisdom → Divine Domain Wisdom, Upgradeable), Divine Wisdom, Transcends All Spirits. Passive effect, Spirit + 20, Magic Attack + 10%, Magic Critical Strike + 10%.

Active Effect—Super Dimension: After activation, magic attack power increases by 100%, magic critical hit rate increases by 100%, lasts for 60 seconds, cooldown is 5 minutes!

Active Effect—God's Domain: After activating it, activate the God's Domain. Spiritual Suppression will cause the enemy's Forbidden Magic for 5 seconds and reduce 30% of the Magic Attack. Duration: 60 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Lastly, there was the [Spirit Intelligence], which evolved into the wisdom of the Divine Realm.

The Realm of the Gods, the Realm of the Gods.

This might be an exaggeration, but the increase was truly powerful.

What did he mean by forbidden magic?

In short, silence.

That's right, under the Forbidden Devil, all skills could not be used, and could only be slashed horizontally.

No matter what profession it was, the control of Forbidden Devil was ranked at the highest level, especially for mages who relied on magic. Forbidden Devil was a disaster.

"Hey, it feels good!"

Qin Luo closed his Skill column in satisfaction.

To think that a small Level 1 upgrade to Level 2 would result in such an explosive increase in strength. With this increase in attributes and the additional four skills, Qin Sheng was much more confident about the Dragon Shocking Stage one month later.

"Greetings, Young Master!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to open his pet column to check out the final prize, a gentle voice suddenly rang in his ears.

He turned around.

He saw a tall young lady dressed in the Dragon Island's unique maid uniform standing behind him. She was looking at him shyly. She clearly had the figure of a mature lady, yet she had the posture of a loli. Who else could it be but the Damask King?

"Yo, Big Sister Damask, what's the matter?"

Qin Luo greeted with a smile.

"Little sister?"

The Damask King's face turned red. He was at a loss as he played with the corner of his clothes. His voice was as soft as a mosquito as he said, "Young Master, please don't tease me. I can't take it. You can just call me the Damask King."

Qin Sheng:…

He was too careless.

The world of destiny was in the age of feudalism. Even though there was no Song Ming period in Chinese history, and Cheng Zhu's science was abnormal, it was not as open as modern society.

Little miss was such an advanced term, how could the girl not misunderstand?

Even if the dragon race was not as conservative as the human race, their status and position were still there. The hierarchy between the superior and the inferior was strict. How could they dare to cross it?

In the world of destiny.

Qin Luo Sheng was not that loser in reality, but the Dragon Lord of the Dragon Race. His status was equivalent to the Dragon Emperor.

On the other hand, a goddess-ranked maiden like the Damask King was merely a dragon maid with a low status. The baptism of her thoughts since she was young had deeply ingrained her values. She was used to being cautious ever since she was young. She dared not offend a noble who could sleep in the Dragon Emperor's bedroom.

"Alright, Damask!"

It was very difficult to change a person's mind. Even if he could do it, it was not something that could be done in a short period of time. In order to have a normal conversation, Qin Sheng had no choice but to follow his advice. "What do you want from me?"

“It was His Majesty the Dragon Monarch who sent me a sound transmission, telling me to bring Young Master to tour the Dragon City!”

The Damask King replied respectfully.

“The Dragon Monarch’s orders?”

Qin Luo was instantly rendered speechless.

F*ck, isn't it obvious that you don't trust me?

I'm such a kind person. I'm just shopping. What are you afraid of? You actually sent someone to monitor me?

Tsk!