Chapter 309: Selling Crazy Potions (2)

"Hidden Dragon Pavilion has started again!"

The potions that had already been depleted returned, and the appearance of a large batch of Advanced equipment ignited the players still in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. The news spread like a virus, and soon everyone knew about it.

The Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which was not as crowded as before, quickly returned to its peak. The gamers, who were used to potions, waved their notes and bought as many as they could. Even if they could not use so many, they would buy and store them for fear that they would be denied.

Under this kind of violent and vengeful consumption, the funds of the dried up stores jumped up and down, continuously rising madly. Qin Luo Sheng, who had been unable to sustain himself due to excessive use of the starlight miracle, finally smiled on his pale face.

This small sum of money came too quickly and easily. It was worth it to work harder!

"Brother Weihun, I've already raised the money. See you at the usual place."

Upon seeing the message from Yatu, Qin Luo hurriedly rushed to the meeting place.

"You should have the contact information of those big guilds, right?"

When they met, they took their seats and ordered a pot of tea calmly. Qin Sheng did not immediately open his mouth to discuss the medicine business, but asked another question.

"Yes, what's up, Brother Weeping Soul?"

Ya Tu, who had been baffled by Qin Luo's bold and imaginative words, scratched his head, somewhat puzzled.

"That's good. Help me ask them out. Tell them I have a big business deal to discuss with them."

A "friendly" smile appeared on Qin Luo's face.

"Brother Weihun, can you stop laughing? I'm panicking when you laugh like this!"

Yatu was somewhat alarmed.

This was the first time he had seen such a smile on Qin Sheng's face. However, this was not the first time he had seen it. The person who had smiled like this in the past was definitely plotting something. There was definitely nothing good going on.

"Don't cheat me. If you offend so many big shots, the Elegance Room won't be able to handle it."

Qin Luo Sheng rolled his eyes helplessly. He took out eight scrolls from his backpack and handed them over. "What are you thinking about? Do I look like a bad person who's trying to scam others? If I say it's business, it's definitely business.—Here, this is your reward. Contact me properly. You should know what I mean."

For some reason, Yatu took the scroll and looked at it. In an instant, his face was as red as blood.

"Brother Weihun, don't worry. I promise that I will arrange everything for you."

The scroll was nothing special, just a returning scroll.

Yet.

These eight return scrolls were not from Star Glory City but from the other eight cities.

There was no connection between main cities at this stage.

Even Qin Sheng had gotten it from Luo Li, the daughter of the City Lord.

As the saying goes, if you want to be rich, you have to build roads first.

The return scroll was much more useful than the road.

Which one of those large factions did not have a total of nine main cities? However, due to the uneven distribution of time after entering the game, all the main cities had people. Some main cities had more people, while some main cities had fewer people. It was fine if there were more people, but if there were fewer people, once they got into a conflict with others, they would not be able to provide support and would be unable to help. It was very easy to form a one-sided situation.

Now.

With the return scrolls from the major cities, the situation would be very different. They would be able to coordinate the plans and make comprehensive arrangements, greatly accelerating the integration of the large forces and the alliance of the small forces. The Chaotic Era would enter the Warring States Era, accelerating the progress of the China war zone.

"Okay, put this aside for now," Qin Luo said. "Next up, the potion trade."

"Alright!" After accepting the return scroll, Yatu took out half of the goods he had ordered. Forty-four thousand gold coins. At the same time, he activated the virtual platform and paid the remaining half of the goods on behalf of the RMB. He also thoughtfully paid the handling fee that should have been paid by the seller, Qin Sheng.

"Where's the potion?"

After paying, Yatu looked at Qin Sheng expectantly.

"I don't have any. Wait for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled awkwardly.

"F*ck!"

Yatu didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "Brother Weeping Soul, you're trying to gain something without risking anything of your own!"

"It's not that I'm trying to gain something without risking anything of my own. It's just that my time is limited, so I can't be bothered to make another trip!"

Qin Qin Sheng was not lying either.

Previously, he had indeed gained something without risking anything of his own. However, he had taken out more than thirty thousand gold coins from his Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which was more than enough to buy the goods Yatu wanted. He just did not want to make another trip, so he collected the money first and then went to buy more. He wanted to buy more and wait for the big bucks.

"I'll leave this place to you. I'll only give you half an hour. Contact as many people as you can. I won't wait for you."

Qin Luo instructed before leaving the teahouse.

…

Dragon City.

Spiritual Medicine Pavilion.

"Brother, I'm back!"

Qin Luo walked in with familiarity and greeted Gu Feng at the counter.

"Welcome, welcome!"

Gu Feng smiled as he walked out of the counter and personally received him. “Little brother, have you decided yet? How much do you want? I will definitely give you priority.”

"That's easy!" Qin Luo smiled and said, "Then give me 10,000 bottles of Dragon Blood Potion, 10,000 bottles of Magic Potion, 1,000 Dragon Blood Pills and Magic Pills, Berserk Potion, Gale Pills, and Steel Potions, 200 sets each. Give me 100 sets of Potential Potions first, 200 of each of the four Elemental Demon Pills!"

"Alright!"

This was several times more than the goods that Qin Sheng had requested before he left. Gu Feng immediately narrowed his eyes with a smile and quickly calculated, "This old brother here has sufficient supply of these goods. I'll be able to extract them for you immediately. In total, I'll give you a 20% discount, for a total of 56,800 gold coins!"

"Deal."

Fifty thousand gold coins was completely acceptable.

One hand for money, one hand for a fellow.

After receiving the medicine, Qin Luo bade farewell to Gu Feng and returned to Star Glory City.

"I can't take it anymore!"

After performing yet another miracle of starlight and exhausting his stamina, Qin Sheng finally fell to the ground, exhausted.

"Everything is ready except for the east wind. Next, it's time to harvest leeks."

He opened the backstage and started to sell goods and edit the prices.

Dragon Blood Potions and Magic Potions, normal price: 5 gold coins per bottle, sublimated (double effect) price: 20 gold coins per bottle!

Dragon Blood Pill and Magic Energy Pill, normal price: 20 gold coins per pill, sublimated price: 50 gold coins per bottle!

Berserker Potion and Mad Demon Potion, normal price: 50 gold coins per bottle, sublimated price: 100 gold coins per bottle!

Steel Medicine and Gale Pellet, normal price: 100 gold coins per pill, sublimated price: 200 gold coins per bottle!

Potential Potion, normal price: 300 gold coins per bottle, sublimated price: 600 gold coins per bottle!

Water, Fire, Wind, Earth Fiend Elixir, normal price: 150 gold coins per bottle, sublimated price: 500 gold coins per bottle!

That's right.

It was just that ruthless!

Without sublimation potions, the price had directly increased from the starting price to five times. As for Qin Luo, who had sublimated, he had increased the price himself, but at least doubled it. The highest life-saving potions had increased by four times and had been endlessly black.

Editor complete.

It went right up.

"I'll give you the goods. Rich big shots, don't disappoint me!"