Chapter 307: What I See In Dragon City (4)

The bombardment of information made Qin Luo's head hurt.

Was this guy that excited?

"The goods are sufficient and will be sold. Don't worry!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly replied, afraid that his communicator would explode if he was late.

"Big brother is awesome! Big brother is awesome!"

Yatu instantly replied, "It seems like you've really found your way to riches, Brother Weeping Soul. First you killed an Epic Boss, then you caught a Legendary pet, and now you have so many powerful potions. I, Yatu, envy you!"

Qin Luo was speechless.

Indeed.

There was no lack of smart people in this world.

He had no choice.

The commotion just now was too big. The appearance of the Dragon Island, the opening of the Dragon's Nest, and the appearance of hundreds of dragons made the entire Chinese warzone panic. There were even many greedy people who wanted to slay a dragon. In the end, they were educated, their levels dropped, and their equipment dropped. When they came to their senses, they scolded him. The reason was fresh and refined. There was a smell of trash.

As the initiator of the Dragon race's emergence, he had been appearing on television for the past few days. First, he killed an Epic Boss: Flood Dragon. Then, he obtained a Legendary pet. The race was the dragon. Anyone with a brain would know what Weeping Soul had done.

Now.

Who didn't know that the potion that surpassed the current limit of players' strength was definitely from the system? However, this place was definitely mysterious, far away from where normal players could reach. It must be related to the Dragon Race.

"Don't say such useless things!"

Qin Luo Sheng was also clear that he could not hide it from Ya Tu and the others. In fact, once these items were put up for sale in Hidden Dragon Pavilion, the source would soon be known by everyone.

But so what?

Everyone knew. Who else could enter a place like Dragon Island other than him?

Qin Luo was definitely going to eat this alone.

"Do you want to order? How much do you want?"

Qin Luo raised the price directly. "Dragon Blood Potion and Mana Potion, 5 gold coins per bottle, Dragon Blood Pill and Magic Energy Pill, 20 gold coins per bottle, Berserk Potion, Mad Demon Potion, 50 gold coins per bottle, Steel Potion, Gale Pill, 100 gold coins per bottle, Potential Potion, 300 gold coins per bottle, 4 types of Elemental Magic Pills, 150 gold coins per bottle!—For the sake of our friends, I'll give you a 70% discount."

"Nani?" Yatu exclaimed. "Isn't this too expensive?"

"Expensive? Of course!" Qin Luo replied, "Don't tell me you want to drink this potion like water and eat it like a candy? This is used for pioneering, to push Bosses and PK.—I will sell it at this price in the store. Whether you want it or not, it's up to you."

"Alright, I'll take it." Not long after, Yatu sent a message. "One thousand bottles of Recovery Potion, five hundred of the Instant Hui Pills, one hundred bottles of the Berserk Potion and the Mad Demon Potion, one hundred bottles of the Steel Potion and Gale Pills, one hundred bottles of the Potential Potion, twenty bottles of the Potential Potion, and one hundred of the four Elemental Demon Pills!—Boss, is there a bigger discount for such a big deal?"

"That's all!" Qin Luo Sheng was also stunned by Yatu's generous offer. He only returned to his senses after a long while and replied, "Just a 70% discount will save a lot of money. However, I can make the decision to give you something that will have a better effect. This is good stuff, and the quantity is limited."

"Alright!" Yatu agreed readily. "I've always trusted Brother Weeping Soul. I'm just waiting to see your good stuff."

"Sure." Qin Sheng nodded. "As long as the money is in place, everything is OK!—Hmm, I did some calculations. After a 70% discount on the goods you ordered, the total amount is 88,200 gold coins. I'll give you the change. For auspicious luck, 88,000 gold coins."

Yatu: "…"

"Brother Weeping Soul, can we pay in installments?" Yatu asked bitterly.

"Of course not!" Qin Luo shook his head. He immediately thought of such a large sum of gold coins. Even a large force like the Yatu Pavilion would be severely injured if they took it out. Thus, he replied, "However, I can allow you to pay half of it with RMB. In the future, you can buy these potions from me at 20% off."

"Alright!" Yatu agreed willingly. "How?"

"Prepare the money. I'll be waiting for you at the teahouse next to Hidden Dragon Pavilion in half an hour."

After hanging up the call, Qin Luo looked at Gu Feng. "Brother, I'm sorry. I'm going to raise the money now. Shall we meet in half an hour? As for potions, prepare 10,000 bottles of Dragon Blood Potions and Magic Potions for me. Prepare 3,000 Dragon Blood Pills and Magic Pills. For the rest, prepare 200 first!"

"Brother, you're really generous!"

Gu Feng smiled. As a businessman, he was naturally happy to be able to earn money, and it was even more comfortable to be able to earn big money. He realized that this cheap brother in front of him was a potential stock, so he agreed on the spot. “Don’t worry, I’ll prepare the goods for you right away. I guarantee that they’re all high-grade goods.”

"Alright, thank you, Brother!"

Qin Luo nodded and left with Damask.

After walking out of the Spirit Medicine Pavilion, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the bustling Dragon City. It was lively and bustling, and did not seem like a human city at all. However, there were all NPCs in the various groups of people coming and going. He was the only player. This mountain of gold waiting to be excavated was monopolized by him, and he could easily earn unimaginable wealth. He could not help but laugh.

"Young Master?"

The Damask King at the side looked over with some puzzlement. He did not understand what was wrong with the man that the Dragon Emperor wanted her to serve so well. Why was he smiling like a fool?

"I'm fine!"

Realizing the strange look in the Damask King's eyes, Qin Sheng rubbed his nose awkwardly and retracted his smile. He then asked her, "Is there anything special about Dragon City?"

"Special place?" Damask was confused.

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless. "Only Dragon City has it, not anywhere else."

"I don't know." Damask shook his head and said apologetically, "I've never left Dragon Island before. I don't know what the difference is between the outside world and Dragon City."

Fine.

He had to figure it out himself.

"Then bring me to the Blacksmith Shop, the provision shop and the tailor shop!"

The agreed time with Jatu was half an hour. It just so happened that there wasn't enough time to explore. It was better to solve the problem before thinking about anything else.

They went to the provision store first.

As a local tyrant, the places where Qin Luo brought Qin Sheng were the best in Dragon City. This provision store was no exception. There were so many things inside that it almost blinded Qin Sheng.

The invisible powder was similar to the Dragon Flame Bombs of the Sky Tremor Bomb. There were all kinds of talismans…

They were all good stuff.

Unfortunately.

It was extremely expensive. Qin Sheng, who had been eating it tightly because of the customization of the medicine, did not dare to look at it at all. He was afraid that he would consume it impulsively.

He bought a bundle of returning scrolls from the Dragon City and a map of the Dragon City. With his strong willpower, Qin Sheng suppressed the throbbing in his heart and walked out of the provision store.

…

Author’s Note: Thank you, Sword Boss Ruge, for your motivation. Thank you!