Chapter 308: Selling Crazy Potions (1)

In the blacksmith shop.

Less than a minute after entering, Qin Sheng retreated.

Too ruthless.

The lowest grade equipment was Level 50 and its grade was at least Silver. Of course, the cheapest one cost 1000 gold coins.

In fact, as long as the goods were good, it didn't matter whether they were rich or not. After all, there were plenty of rich people who would pay for it.

Except.

What was the use of this level 50 equipment?

Currently, he, who was ranked first on the rankings board, was only Level 27. He was still a distance away from Level 30 and Second Stage Professional. What was the point of buying a Third Stage Level 50 equipment and leaving it in the warehouse to eat dust?

"It is the core of Dragon Island after all. The Dragon City is probably the imperial city of the human world. To the current players, it is too advanced."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "This is the hidden reward of the SSS mission. It allowed me, a vegetable, to enter a higher level city that is impossible for me to reach at this stage and enjoy this huge business opportunity alone."

He left the blacksmith shop and went to the tailor shop.

Indeed.

The tailor shop was the same as the blacksmith shop. The lowest level was 50, the lowest was Silver, and the lowest was 1,000 gold coins.

What else was there to say? It would be over in a flash.

"Fortunately, potions do not restrict levels, or rather, there are low-level potions. Players can use them now, which is a blessing in disguise."

Qin Luo wiped away the cold sweat on his forehead. "Let's not think about anything else for now. Let's start cooking the medicine first. The profits here are enough to make us rich. We shouldn't bite off more than we can chew. We still have to eat one bite at a time."

"Let's call it a day!"

After browsing through the three shops, twenty minutes had passed as well. In ten minutes, it would be time for the transaction with Yatu. Qin Sheng was also preparing to return to Star Brilliance City. He waved his hand and an exquisite butterfly headdress appeared in his hand. He handed it to the Damask Star. "Thank you for accompanying me. Take this as a thank you gift!"

"No, no, no!" The Damask King hastily shook his head and waved his hand. He refused, "This is what I should do. How would I dare to accept Young Master's gratitude!"

"Take it!" Qin Luo Sheng looked at the woman in amusement. Even though he had rejected her, his eyes were still fixed on her. Even a blind person could feel the longing in his eyes. He stuffed the butterfly accessory into her hands. "I've already bought it. Why would a man like me keep this? If you don't want it, I'll throw it away!"

"This, this…" Damask Damask subconsciously gripped the butterfly accessory in his hand. He wanted to return it but could not bear to do so. When he heard that Qin Sheng was about to throw it away, he clenched his fists even more tightly. His little face was flushed red and his expression was bashful. He was stunned for a moment before he spoke in a soft voice, "This servant thanks Young Master."

“It’s just a cheap headdress. You’re welcome.”

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand and silently remembered this feeling as an experience.

He didn't want to be a loser for the rest of his life. He would never forget the humiliation of being punished by Su Youran and escaping in a sorry state.

In real life, he was a yes-man, but on the internet, he fought hard.

First, he would train himself in the game world. He would train himself to face girls like this, how to chat with them, how to maintain a normal heart and calm mind.

Once he gained experience, he could bring it back to reality.

Why would a man do that?

One word—poor!

Now that he had found the Dragon City, he didn't need to spend much effort. He could just sell it easily and the wealth would increase.

Money is courage!

Once he had money, his courage would naturally increase, and he wouldn't be in a situation where he didn't dare to meet his goddess again.

"Let's go. We'll meet again if fate wills it!"

Qin Luo waved his hand and took out the Star Glory City's return scroll. Under the Damask King's reluctant gaze, his body turned into a streak of white light and was taken away by the teleportation array, disappearing into the Dragon City.

…

Star Glory City.

West of the city, Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

He had not returned for five or six days, but Hidden Dragon Pavilion was still bustling with activity. It was so lively that it did not collapse because of his departure as the boss. It was still operating normally.

"Wow, the turnover has dropped drastically!"

Using his authority as the owner, Qin Luo Sheng was teleported to the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion. He opened the backstage and looked at the situation over the past few days. He could not help but hold his forehead as his head hurt.

The first three days were normal, but after the potions were sold out, the visitor flow and turnover plummeted. Especially yesterday, after the previous batch of equipment was sold out, the turnover became negative.

There were many pieces of equipment that were sold at high prices, but very few were sold at high prices. A large amount of cash flowed out, and the goods could not be sold to accumulate. This was a headache for any industry.

However, there was nothing he could do about it. If he did not even accept the equipment and the Hidden Dragon Pavilion did not have any visitor flow, it would naturally collapse. Furthermore, as the boss, he did not say anything, and the employees did not dare to disobey his orders and stop their business.

Fortunately.

He returned in time.

If it was a day or two later, perhaps the accounts would have run out of money and would be replaced with equipment piled up in the warehouse.

"Selling is really a business where danger and opportunity coexist. For an individual like me, the risk is really too great. If there's no Starlight Miracle, it's a sure win and no loss. I don't dare to involve myself in this. The waters are too deep. If I'm not careful, I'll lose everything."

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

This kind of low-budget and high-budget business might seem like a non-budget business, but the risks involved were also very high.

After all, this was a fated person. Although it was not as exaggerated as an antique business, it was not much weaker.

"Old Liu, stop purchasing equipment for now!"

He quickly took out the tens of thousands of pieces of equipment that had accumulated in the warehouse and piled them together. The group performed a Starlight Miracle and sublimated them. At the same time, he sent a voice transmission to Old Liu below. "Sell the accumulated inventory first. As for the price, you can decide."

“Alright, boss!” Old Liu naturally obeyed the shop owner’s order.

After wiping away the cold sweat on his forehead and solving the problem of the storage, Qin Sheng took out all the 30,000 gold coins.

That's right.

Just over 30,000 gold coins.

The large pile of potions and equipment from before had sold for quite a bit of money. If he had not bought a lot of equipment and spent it, he would have spent at least 50,000 gold coins.

Since he had stopped purchasing equipment, there was no place to spend money in the store. Naturally, Qin Sheng took all of them, not a single one.

While there was still some time, Qin Luo rushed out and went to the pharmacy next to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion to buy 100,000 bottles of intermediate-level potions. After taking them back and sublimating them, he threw them to the supervisor, Qingwu, and let her and the three girls serve them.

"F*ck, the potions are on sale again!"

"Equipment, so many pieces of equipment. Silver, Silver, or Silver. Tsk, even gold?"

"D * mn, did the boss of Hidden Dragon Pavilion rob the arsenal? Why is there so much equipment on sale?"

"What? Level 15 Silver Shield only costs 20 Gold? That's much cheaper than the Virtual Trading Platform, and there's no transaction fee."

"Everyone, hurry up and grab it. If you're late, it will be sold out!"

"…"

Instantly.

Hidden Dragon Pavilion exploded.