Chapter 304: What I See In Dragon City (1)

"Perhaps this is the turning point of my Hidden Dragon Pavilion's development."

Qin Luo Sheng was secretly excited.

With the size of the Spirit Medicine Pavilion and the so-called best medicinal pavilion that Qi Luo mentioned, it was certainly not bad.

One had to know that this was the Dragon Island. To be able to survive in such a place to the point where even the Dragon Emperor's maidservants thought that it was the best, it was definitely not a baseless rumor or exaggeration. It had to be true capability and reputation that everyone recognized.

This kind of legacy old store was well known. Then, the items it sold, be it quantity or quality, should be guaranteed.

"What a coincidence!"

Qin Luo sighed. "SSS missions are indeed fierce. It's just like the hidden missions in the novice village. It looks like the reward money is just that, but there are actually many hidden rewards. That's the real big part, the real treasure."

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng could not help but recall that he had given an introduction letter to the village chief when he had completed the old man's mission. From then on, he had made connections with the hidden alchemist, Wu Lin.

There was no need to elaborate on the good stuff that Wu Lin had. Be it the Epic Belt [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon], the learned skills [Instant Slash] and [Selecting Slash], as well as the consumables that had been injected with the [Lightningfall Talisman] [Sky Tremor Thunder] and other consumables, he had helped Qin Luo so much that he was still alive.

Visiting Dragon City was definitely another hidden reward for the SSS mission [Dragon Race's Test].

After passing the Dragon God’s trial, he was sent back to Star Brilliance City without dying. In this way, he had the qualifications to stay in Dragon City, and now he had the opportunity to visit Dragon City.

What was the most surprising thing for a player?

Kaihuang!

Not only did pioneering mean unknown risks, but it also meant that this piece of land that had not been cultivated would be open to you. As long as you had the ability, everything here would belong to you.

Adventure, wealth, power…

Wasn't this what every player was after?

Now.

Qin Qin Sheng was the pioneer, and it was the most top-notch Famine.

Dragon City!

This place was located on Dragon Island, where the dragon race resided. It was similar to a city of the dragon race’s capital. No one knew just how astonishing the wealth inside was.

It wasn't that they didn't know how many generations there were, but that there were too many. It was an astronomical number that was difficult to estimate.

Dragons were synonymous with treasures. The Dragon City was the most important area of the Dragon Island. The Dragon Palace Hall, the Dragon Emperor Palace… it was the central area of the Dragon Island. It was not an exaggeration to say that every inch of land was worth gold.

And right now, other than Qin Luo, there was no other player who could enter this place.

This meant that he would be the one to devour the entire Long Island!!!

"I'm going to be rich this time!!!"

At the thought of this, Qin Qin Sheng's eyes involuntarily turned into the symbol of RMB.

"I won't touch anything that is too important or too profound for the time being. Perhaps I'm not qualified to touch it either. I should focus on my old profession first and start with what the players need the most. Potions, equipment, formulas, blueprints, materials. I won't let any of them go."

The greed in Qin Luo's heart was about to explode. Looking at Gu Feng who was leading the way in front, the corners of his lips curled up slightly. "Speaking of which, it's quite fated. I started off by selling potions, but now I have to rely on selling potions to get even richer?"

Potions were what players needed the most, and were also the most consumable.

These few days, he had been held back by the dragon race. First, he was chased by the Dragon Abyss for three days. Then, he was forced to participate in the trial on Dragon Island. After the trial, he fainted for more than a day.

The trip took more than five days.

After such a long time, the potions that were stored in the storehouse for emergencies had probably been used up.

It just so happened that now that he had the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion, he did not need to go to the pharmacy in Star Brilliance City to buy low-grade potions anymore. He could use the Starlight Miracle Transformation to become stronger. He would be exhausted to death, and he would only be able to earn some hard-earned money.

Except.

He wondered if things would work out. After all, it wasn’t a business deal. He was hoping to build channels, to keep things going for long.

Although the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was currently very impressive, in reality, only Qin Sheng knew the difficulties.

As the number of players increased, especially the subclasses created by the large guilds and factions, the potion market and equipment market began to expand.

The Hidden Dragon Pavilion was strong, but that was all. They had merely taken the initiative and picked up the advantage while the market was empty.

It was very difficult to become powerful.

Hidden Dragon Pavilion was a rootless duckweed with no backing and no source of good goods. It relied solely on the low-level potions from the system's pharmacy. No matter what, it could not compete with a hundred flowers blooming at once. Many players, regardless of quality or variety, would be completely destroyed.

‘ Of course.’

With Hidden Dragon Pavilion's status and the existence of the Starlight Miracle, even if they gave up on the potion market and changed jobs to make equipment recycling and selling, they would still profit greatly.

At least in the equipment market, if it was not to show off, Qin Sheng could totally declare that everyone was trash.

Whether it was an individual or a force, or a businessman or even a Chamber of Commerce that specialized in this area, none of them could compare to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. This was because the Hidden Dragon Pavilion had Qin Luo Sheng behind it, and he also had the miraculous starlight miracle, the ultimate weapon.

In terms of making the most money, basically every capitalist would reply with one word: Monopoly!

In terms of equipment, there were too many variables to be evaluated.

But potions were different.

Even though there were many types of potions, such as amplification potions, detoxification potions, acceleration potions, and so on, the most popular and usable potions were always Health Potions and Magic Potions.

When players passed the beginner stage, they would have more money in their hands and their levels would increase. Then, their thirst for equipment would also increase.

Where did the equipment come from?

Take it from the monster, drop it from the Boss.

When fighting a boss, he naturally needed potions.

One of them was a garbage potion. Its recovery speed was too slow, and it was of little value. If one used it, it would easily flip the cart.

One of them was a strong recovery potion that could protect one's life and resist punches. Even if it was slightly more expensive, the players would still buy it crazily.

This was the difference in competitiveness!

After such a long time, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was no longer the only store opened by the players. Even if it was still the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, at least 90% of the consumers in Star Glory City would choose to go there.

However, with the passage of time, the proficiency of the assistant position would increase, and the blueprints and formulas would go into hiding. Then, the market would immediately tilt. At that time, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which did not have high quality goods, would naturally be abandoned.

In the face of such an awkward situation, Qin Sheng had no choice. After all, he had no money and no one, nor did he have the ability to nurture an alchemist.

He had once wanted to give up on the potions, but now that he had an advantage, he would eat as much as he could and earn some money first.

Except.

The profit from the potion market was too great. Not to mention him, even those big shots who could easily make billions were eyeing this area with envy.

"I hope you won't disappoint me!"