Chapter 314: Moonlight Forest (2)

Dragon City did not need to consider it for now.

Nothing else.

Too advanced.

The lowest level monsters around Dragon City were Level 50. It was far from what a Level 27 rookie like him could handle.

There should be a suitable training ground at the edge of Dragon Island, which was far away from Dragon City. However, going there was a problem. Perhaps before they reached their destination, they would be killed by monsters on the way.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng shifted his gaze onto the map of the human territory. After a series of selections, he found six most suitable training points.

Among them.

The closest one was 50 kilometers to the west of the Glory Moon City, which was called Moonlight Forest. Inside, there were all kinds of dark and undying monsters. Their levels were between 30 and 40, which should be the most suitable one.

"I don't know when the official platform will set up a dungeon. Just farming monsters in the wild will take too long."

Seeing that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's economy had improved, Qin Luo hurriedly asked Old Liu to resume purchasing equipment. As he operated the equipment backstage, he complained, "Fortunately, a mercenary system was created and many missions were issued. Otherwise, this player would not be able to survive, equipment would not be able to rise, coins would not be able to be obtained, and he would not even be able to afford to feed himself with potions, let alone anything else."

Qin Luo Sheng was not hypocritical, but sincerely wished everyone well!

After all.

Only when the gamers were rich could he earn more money.

"Oh yeah, I think there's another equipment in my backpack that hasn't been appraised yet, right?"

He took out the returning scroll from the Moonlight City and was about to tear it apart when he saw the obscure part of his arm and suddenly remembered.

After killing the Flood Dragon, as the first Epic Boss to be killed, the system had given him a reward. Everything else had been digested, except for a random piece of equipment. Because it could not be appraised, it was still eating dust in his backpack.

If he remembered correctly, it should be a Gold-grade guard.

"A few hundred Bronze and Silver Bosses, plus the Gold Boss Earth Dragon and Water Venomous Snake, Epic Boss Flood Dragon and True Dragon. If I really dropped equipment, with my luck, I don't know how many would drop. Unfortunately, other than crystal coins, it's too difficult."

At the appraisal shop.

Identify equipment.

After deducting one gold coin, the Obscure Gold Gauntlets emitted a golden glow unique to Gold equipment.

Qin Luo Sheng could not even be bothered to look at it. He simply cast a "Starlight Miracle" and sublimated it.

[Dragon Scale Gauntlets]

Grade: Epic

Requirement: Level 25, Physical Class

Durability: 20 / 20

Effect: Defense + 320, Strength + 30, Constitution + 20

Special Effect: [Dragon Scale] + 10% Defense, slightly increases the strength and flexibility of the arm!

Additional Skill: [Dragon Fist] consumes 1000 Mana Points. It is used on a single target. Gather strength and punch out. Deals 300% damage with knockback effect! Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Introduction: Legend has it that the handguard is made from the dragon scales of a true dragon. The dragon scales contain a little bit of dragon strength. It can increase the arm greatly and give it strength.

Comfortable!

Finally, he had the last component on him.

He opened the equipment column—

Helmet—Obsidian Crown, Gold!

Armor—Skeleton Heavy Armor, Gold!

Handguard—Dragon Scale Handguard, Epic!

Boots—Shadow Ghost Boots, Epic!

Weapon—Left Hand: Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, Epic; Right Hand: Coiling Dragon Water, Legendary!

Belt—Phantom ribbon, Epic!

Cloak—Spiritual Light Cloak, Epic!

Ring—Death Bone, Epic!

Earrings—Death's Embrace, Epic!

Necklace—Life Prayer, Epic!

Medal—Medal of Honor, Medal of Courage!

Other than that, there was also the Spiritual Treasure Water Vein Spirit Pearl and the Imperial Order of the Dragon God. These two items did not occupy the equipment part and could be put in the backpack.

Strong!

He was really strong!

At the very least, it was an Advanced Gold-tier equipment. The rest were all Epic-ranked. The evolved Coiling Dragon Water had reached the legendary level.

With such a setup, who would be a match for him?

…

Moonlight City.

50 miles west of the city, Moonlight Forest.

The nine main cities of the Huaxia warzone were named according to the Nine Lights. It was not just like that, but every city had its own characteristics.

Moonlight City, for example, was the moon that protected the stars. That was why the moonlight was the thickest. Other than Darklight City, Moonlight City had the most darkness-type and undead-type monsters.

Moonlight Forest was the best of the best.

Most of the trees here were locust trees. What was a locust tree? It was said to be a ghost tree in Chinese legends. It was easy to provoke something that wasn't fast.

The terrain was special and attracted by the locust tree. Coupled with the moonlight that was blessed by the heavens and the moonlight, the Moonlight Forest became a paradise for ghosts and spirits. Yin winds blew and ghost aura surged, making it difficult for normal people to approach.

Although Moonlight Forest was marked as a forbidden area on the map, many people still died there. Apart from the bold adventurers, there were also many commoners.

Nothing else.

Humans die for wealth, birds die for food.

Because of Extreme Yin, the Moonlight Forest was a forbidden area for the living. However, it was precisely because of Extreme Yin that there were things that did not exist in other places in the outside world. For example, Moonlight Grass, Moonlight Dew, Moon Spirit Ore, and so on were extremely valuable.

Before coming here, Qin Sheng had specially searched the forums and found that there was little information. This meant that the area had not been overrun by players, and only a small portion of them were circling around the periphery. After all, it was the place where level 30 and level 2 monsters started, not a place that players could conquer at this stage.

"This is really strange!"

Qin Sheng stood outside and looked at the entrance of the Moonlight Forest. It was pitch-black with a sinister aura. It was like the mouth of an evil beast, inviting the master into its den and quietly waiting for the master to enter.

"Come in!"

Qin Sheng naturally had no reason to be afraid since he dared to enter the outermost area of Moonlight Forest and had even successfully harvested special herbs and ores. Given his current health and defense, even if the Boss came, he would not be able to kill him instantly, let alone a minion.

"After spending the whole day in the shop, I can finally move my hands and feet."

Twisting his wrist, he took out the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. Qin Sheng's face was already flushed red. "The romance of men, is it really only about taking risks and killing? I haven't even met the enemy, but I'm already excited. Even though I earned so much money just now, I didn't feel this way!"

With long strides.

The interior of Moonlight Forest was no different from other forests. Because of the moonlight, it was even worse than the dark forest full of zombies in the beginner village.

“Is that all? How disappointing.”

Qin Luo, who had initially planned to take some photos, immediately gave up on the idea. Such a scene was really not interesting at all. If he were to take it out, it would totally ruin his reputation.

You have to know.

Ever since the official video of him killing the five Bosses had been released, his official account had exploded. Especially when he released the video of the Star Glory City's Third High Priest battling the Enchanting Luo Qin and the scenery of Cliff Ridge, his popularity had exploded.

Just now, he had uploaded a video of the Dragon Emperor taking him to the Dragon Island and overlooking the Dragon Island from the sky. He had also uploaded a edited version of the battle with a few Bosses in the Dragon God Palace. The video had completely exploded.

"Forget it, let's not think about anything else. Let's focus on business."

Qin Luo switched off the recording system and advanced with his sword.

He did not walk far before he saw a monster bathed in moonlight with his night vision.

Probing skill!

[Corpse Demon]

Level: 30

Health Points: 100,000

Mana: 2000

Physical Attack: 2800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,200

Magic Defense: 800

Speed: 255

Skills:???

Introduction: Corpse demon. The resentment of an innocent person who died tragically has yet to disperse. Under the shine of the moonlight, it mutated in the land of extreme yin and thus resurrected as a walking corpse. Due to the deep resentment, it has more intelligence and demonic charm than zombies. Its body is poisonous.