Chapter 311: Selling Crazy Potions (4)

"Xiong Tu, the leader of the World Club, ranked seventh among the top ten guilds in China!"

"Raging Flames Old Smoke Spear, the president of the Raging Flames Guild, ranked ninth among the top ten guilds in China!"

"The coffin, the elder of the Glimmer Guild, ranked fifth among the top ten guilds in China!"

"Ghost Chariot, Vice-President of East Imperial Pavilion, ranked first among the top ten guilds in China!"

"Mad Thunder, the president of the Thunder Guild, ranked eighth among the top ten guilds in China!"

"Yatu, the president of Yatu Pavilion, ranked fourth among the top ten guilds in China!"

"Dark Walker, the leader of the Black Tower. He has not entered the top ten guilds, but the Black Tower is a guild of assassins. They are very difficult to deal with."

All these, in addition to the first Dark Disciple who introduced himself just now, the Sky Tyrant Guild that was ranked second among the top ten guilds in China, as well as a young and beautiful girl whose ID was Lily, belonged to the Rose Society, which was ranked sixth among the top ten guilds in China. They were all girls from Heaven Guild.

At this moment, other than the guilds that were ranked last among the top ten, everyone else had arrived. Other than them, there were also some powerful guilds and representatives from the Chamber of Commerce.

It could be said that any one of the dozen or so people in this small teahouse could shake the entire China war zone with just a stomp of their feet.

"A return scroll costs 1,000 gold coins!"

After the self-introduction, everyone got to know each other. Next, it was time for the main event. As the leader, Qin Luo Sheng took control of the situation and immediately offered a price.

1000 gold coins?!!

Everyone shuddered.

With the current exchange rate, 1,000 gold coins was 1.5 million RMB!

Such a large sum of money just to buy a return scroll?

Was he crazy?

If news of this were to spread to the outside world, it would definitely be lambasted by countless people. However, everyone present was no fool and naturally understood the meaning behind Qin Sheng's offer.

The return scroll was not worth much, and the system shop only had one gold coin each. Why did it have to be doubled here?

Nothing else.

demand determines the market, that is all.

They needed this return scroll, and Qin Luo was the only one who had it. They had no choice but to buy it from Qin Luo. What could they do when their fate was in the hands of another?

"A return scroll costs 1,000 gold coins. Are you crazy poor?"

The others remained silent, but Qin Luo and the Thunderbolt Young Master, who had a great grudge against Qin Sheng, were the first to launch an attack. The moment they opened their mouths, they mocked and ridiculed.

“I didn’t call you here because you’re Mad Thunder, but because of the Thunder Union behind you.”

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze turned cold. "I've called everyone here to discuss business. Now that I'm a businessman, I won't hold it against you. The price is clearly stated. If you want to buy, then buy. If you don't, then don't. The decision lies with you. So shut your mouth. If you don't want to buy, then get lost."

Young Master Leiting was unconvinced and wanted to continue speaking. However, when he saw Qin Sheng's cold eyes, he subconsciously shuddered. He thought of the scene of being dominated in the Luo River and the fear of being in the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array. He did not dare to provoke Qin Luo anymore.

"As expected of Weeping Soul Beast, it is truly domineering!”

Everyone's heart skipped a beat.

They were existences that could call the wind and summon the rain in the online world of Huaxia. Other than the East Imperial Pavilion that was ranked first and the Sky Tyrant Guild that was ranked second, their strength was extraordinary. One was in the south while the other was in the north. They were considered to be bipolar. The remaining ones were from the third to tenth place. The difference in strength between them wasn't very obvious.

Besides.

To be able to reach this position, which one of them wasn't smart?

Perhaps they were more ruthless than anyone else behind the scenes, but on the surface, who was not amiable and addressed each other as brothers?

He had seen people like Qin Luo who were direct and did not give face at all. But this kind of boorish fellow was already twenty feet tall.

"My East Imperial Pavilion will buy it. I hope to make friends with Big Boss Weeping Soul!"

As the vice president of the number one gang in China, Ghost Vehicle was naturally not a fool. He immediately went up to Qin Sheng to trade.

Ding… Ghost Chariot wants to add you as a friend. Do you agree? '

Eight return scrolls were traded, and he received 8,000 gold coins. At the same time, he received a friend request.

"Agreed!"

How could Qin Sheng reject such an excellent client?

If he didn't have such an idea, he wouldn't have temporarily activated "allowed to add friends".

It had to be known that ever since he killed the first Boss Demonized Wild Wolf King in the Beginner's Village and appeared on the World TV, he did not dare to activate the friend add system and kept it hidden. Only he could add others and no one else could add him.

"My Glimmer Guild has bought it. Weeping Soul Boss, add me as a friend!"

"My Rose Society wants it too."

"My Roaring Flame Guild can't compare to you guys, but we can still afford a few thousand gold coins."

"…"

With a leader, they naturally flocked over.

Soon.

Every single person present had bought eight return scrolls from Qin Sheng. Even Mad Thunder had to grit his teeth and fork out money.

Not buying?

If they didn't buy it, their guild would be destroyed!

With the return scrolls from other main cities, they could send their brothers to other main cities to support them. But what about you? Are you just going to watch?

In the long run, even the so-called ten guilds would be defeated.

Perhaps they could work together and only buy from one family. Then, they could share resources with each other. That way, they would spend less money. But this way, they had to first consider whether the other party would still sell. Even if they did, it would be disgusting.

It was just a few thousand gold coins. To them, who had a large family and business, it was just a drop in the ocean. For this tiny bit of profit, offending the rising Weeping Soul Beast was something that no idiot would do, other than the Thunder Guild that had already become their enemy.

"Boss, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion has produced a new batch of extremely powerful potions. My East Imperial Pavilion wishes to purchase them. I wonder if we are fortunate enough to cooperate?"

Qin Sheng was about to leave when he was stopped by Vice-President Gui Che.

"Oh, how?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked with interest.

"Currently, the drop rate is low, and the efficiency of gold farming is very poor. It's really impossible to collect large amounts of gold coins."

Ghost Chariot smiled and said, "Since that's the case, my East Imperial Pavilion hopes to exchange RMB for gold coins. I hope that Big Boss can make it convenient for us."

"Brother Ghost Vehicle is right. My Roaring Flame Guild also wants to cooperate with Big Boss Weeping Soul Beast."

“So will Rose.”

"It's the same for the Glimmer Guild!"

"…"

Qin Sheng:…

"I'm a businessman now. Since everyone is so kind and takes care of me, how can I not give them face?"

Initially, he was still thinking about how to expand his business. He didn't expect the fat pigs to come knocking on his door. If he didn't take advantage of them, he would be letting himself down. "Everyone here is smart. Everyone should be very clear about the origins and uses of this potion. At this stage, other than me, no one else can get it. I can accept using RMB to pay for it. However, half a gold coin and one RMB. As for the RMB's trading method, it's on the virtual trading platform. You can pay the administrative fees, and I can give you a 10% discount."

…

< EMPTY >