Chapter 319: S-Rank Hidden Mission: Moon Temple

Swoosh…

He took a big step forward and slashed at the body of the Corpse Demon that was attacking a girl with a perfect figure and a voluptuous figure. It did not enter the soul like the Instant Kill just now, but it successfully triggered a critical hit. The Corpse Demon's health points seemed to have been wiped out, leaving a large chunk empty.

With another strike, he killed the second zombie demon.

Then…

He suddenly launched an attack.

With a leap, he moved to the side of the third corpse demon. The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand was instantly retracted and condensed into a fist. Instantly, a dragon head formed from energy appeared on his fist.

Dragon Fist!

An explosive fist was swung out and before the green claws full of corpse poison landed on the girl, it landed heavily on his body.

"Ah…"

-1,18320!

A violent punch erupted with immense power and sent the zombie demon flying.

The Instant Kill effect was not triggered, but the Dragon Fist dealt 300% damage, plus the Critical Hit, the damage was doubled again. How could the 1,000 plus defense Corpse Demon withstand it?

The damage was as high as 1,100,000, instantly killing the Corpse Demon.

Instantly.

The entire world fell silent.

"Is he even human?"

Lily murmured. Her mind had gone completely blank. She was not thinking at all.

She only looked at the man who was holding a sword in one hand and clenching a fist in the other. Her eyes were filled with little stars that kept flashing.

Ah!

So cool!

The other girls weren’t much different. The younger ones, like Lily, had come out of society. The teenage girls weren’t that serious. They were also quite shaken. Their eyes were complicated.

As for Sanguine Primrose, her eyes widened in shock. Even though she was extremely shrewd, she was unable to conceal the change in her expression. She quickly regained her composure and returned to her expressionless and cold self.

“Crisis averted!”

Qin Luo Sheng did not look at the equipment and coins that the corpse demon had dropped, nor did he collect the corpse poison from the corpse demon's body. He turned around and looked at Sanguine Primrose, directly asking, "Where's the mission? Share it and take a look!"

All the girls were stunned!

Was this guy a straight man?

Instead of trying to save the damsel in distress, she said such terrible things. Was her EQ too low or did she not treat them as women?

Ding… Sanguine Primrose has invited you to join the [Rose Mercenary Squad], are you sure? '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

I was only after your quest. How could I sell myself for the quest?

Do you really think that everyone will bow down to you just because you're the only girl in China?

"This is a hidden mission received by the Mercenary Guild. It has bound my Rose Mercenary Group!"

Sanguine Primrose was adept at dancing and could tell the meaning behind Qin Luo's gaze with a single glance. She gave an indifferent explanation and did not delve too deeply into it. Naturally, a smart person would understand in a second.

"OK!"

Qin Luo Sheng was naturally not stupid. He nodded in understanding and immediately chose to join.

Even though the game officials did not release mass dungeons, there were still dungeons that appeared. However, most of these dungeons were one-time use. To other players, they were useless. It was not like the Trial Grounds where players could enter every day. Everyone had a share.

Ding… you have joined [Rose Mercenary Group]! '

As the biggest update of the current version, the Mercenary System was not as simple as it seemed on the surface. The officials were also well versed in the way of operation and constantly engaged in hunger marketing. From time to time, they would give a hidden mission to attract the players' attention. Even the top ten guilds had no choice but to constantly pay attention to it in order to obtain special missions like hidden missions.

[Rose Mercenary Group] Chat channel:

"?????"

"What's going on?"

"Am I seeing things? Did my period come early?"

"Little slut, what period? Are you having your period in the game world?"

"No way? No way? No way? Is this Weeping Soul Beast the Weeping Soul Beast?"

"Old girl, are you playing with overlapping words here? Could it be that there are two weeping souls in the world of destiny?"

"President V5, President 87, President 666 ~!"

"Even Weeping Soul Beast can join our Rose Guild. Hmph, who dares to bully us now?"

"Big boss, look at me, look at me. Over here, I'm 36D, long legs, Lolita voice, 18 years old. We can communicate in depth."

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, choose me. I'm 16 years old, and I have my first time."

"…"

When the words "Please note, Weeping Souls will join the mercenary group" appeared in the system chat room of the [Rose Mercenary Group], all the girls in the mercenary group were excited, especially when they confirmed that Weeping Souls was the Weeping Souls they had imagined. Instantly, one or two of them became wet.

Qin Sheng:…

Are all girls this scary?

What the f*ck, did he enter a wolf's den?

Indeed.

It was fine for men to be flirtatious, but it was fine for women to be flirtatious.

This conversation made a man like me blush.

With such a huge scale, was it really a blank canvas?

"Oh, interesting? So this is Weeping Soul Beast's weakness?"

Seeing that Qin Luo had blocked the chat room of the mercenary group, Sanguine Primrose had an odd expression on her face, a playful look in her eyes.

"This is the mission. Take a look first."

Since Qin Luo had already fallen into the trap and was still relying on his strength to complete the quest, Sanguine Primrose naturally wouldn't hide anything and generously shared the quest.

[Mission Title: Moon Temple

[Mission Introduction] It was rumored that in ancient times, demons ran rampant, humans suffered but did not survive, demons and monsters ran rampant across the continent. People sought help from the gods, and the Moon God took pity on them and bestowed them with Moonlight God Stones. Moonlight illuminated the land, causing demons and monsters to appear and be killed by human heroes. In order to be grateful to the Moon God, people specially built the Moon Temple in the land where the demons and monsters were exterminated, and they consecrated the Moonlight God Stones in the temple. As time passed, the Moon God's miracle was no longer visible, and the Moon God Temple gradually lost its spirituality, causing a change.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Entering Moonlight Forest (Completed); Stage Two—Searching for the Moon Temple (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] S

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

An S-rank mission?

It was no wonder that this group of women from Rose Society were so sneaky. They did not even care that staying up late was a big taboo for women. In the middle of the night, even until the second day of the morning, they had to gather up and play games all night long. It turned out that there was such a mission.

"Even girls can't resist temptation?"

Qin Luo's eyes were burning. "That's true. It makes people envious!"