Chapter 318: Seeking Help

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The wind blades swept past.

Except.

It looked powerful and was filled with the power of the wind element. The sharp wind blade that emitted a green light successfully landed on the corpse demon's body, but—

MISS!

A huge MISS completely broke the spellcaster's mentality.

Instantly.

Lil’ White Lily’s expression turned bitter. She had a look of distress on her face. She clenched her teeth tightly, feeling extremely depressed.

"Boss Weeping Soul Beast, save me!"

The girl cried.

Tsk!

Was he a man?

Was he not moved at all when he saw the cute girls fighting the disgusting zombie demons?

According to the usual performance, whether it was a television drama or a novel, now that things had developed to this stage, didn't the male protagonist lend a helping hand to save the damsel in distress and create a story?

Why did he look completely different here?

The screenwriter has misunderstood me! ~ ~ ~

"What kind of freak is this!?"

Lily wanted to cry.

The way of thinking is completely different from ordinary people. It's fine if you don't help, but you're actually watching dewdrops from the side. What? Is this a stage play? Are we all performing for you to please your actors?

Bastard!

"Brother Weeping Soul, help me!"

If one plan failed, another would come.

There was no use crying and begging. She was acting coquettishly and asking for help.

As expected.

Qin Luo was unmoved and broke the art.

"F*ck, that's awesome!"

Qin Luo crossed his arms and shivered violently. Rubbing the goosebumps on his arms, he surrendered instantly.

Indeed.

Women were born best actresses, synonymous with drama queen.

What the f*ck, what kind of tone was that? It made one want to kill themselves.

Except.

The girls from Rose Society were still too young.

Qin Luo might be a loser who rarely interacted with women in real life, but his theories were extremely rich. He had watched palace dramas such as "Empresses in the Palace" well, and had dabbled in all sorts of Mary Sue romance dramas. Even if he was not immune to poison, at least this little bit of dao skills was still too tender for him.

"No, no, this is your business. I dare not get involved."

In the face of the little beauty's watery eyes, Qin Sheng remained unmoved. He waved his fingers gently and rejected without hesitation. "The reputation of the Rose Society is too great. If I do anything rash, I'm afraid all the men in the world will curse me to death. I can't afford to offend them, I can't afford to offend them!"

"Hmph, you caused this. You have to take responsibility."

Seeing that Qin Luo was not falling for it, Bai He immediately took out her greatest weapon against boys—unreasonable! (There was no other meaning, please don't take it to heart. The unreasonable here is just a way of expressing herself coquettishly. Don't delve too deeply into it, kneel and beg.)

In fact, she was right.

If Qin Luo had not used [Obsidian Eye] to see through their invisibility, it would not have developed to this state.

Logically speaking, he was responsible.

Besides.

It would only take two or three strikes to deal with minions like the Corpse Demon. It would be effortless. If he helped them, he could sell them a good one. He might even receive a wave of favors and friendships. He might even want to develop his career in the long term and solve the problem of being single. It was not impossible.

No matter how one looked at it, Qin Sheng had earned blood.

Yet.

Why would he, the straight man of Qin Steel, care about these things?

A woman?

Haha!

Women were not as fun as games.

"Help us. I'll give you half of the hidden mission!"

At this moment.

The aloof Sanguine Primrose finally spoke.

His tone was firm and concise. He did not waste his breath and went straight to the point.

"There's really a hidden mission?"

Qin Luo was stunned.

Previously, he was only guessing. He never expected that these girls really had other motives.

That made sense.

It was unreasonable for a group of cute girls who were not even level-23 to come to the monster zone at level 30.

What kind of place was Moonlight Forest?

Not to mention girls, even big men would be frightened if they came.

This was a gathering place for Dark-type and Death-type monsters. Under the real effects of the virtual world, each and every one of them looked extremely disgusting. The visual impact was extraordinary.

"You can encounter such a good thing when you come out to train?"

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng's mind was filled with bewilderment and he could not quite wrap his head around it.

Heaven and earth could bear witness.

He really only came to Moonlight Forest to level up and had no other thoughts.

Who would have thought that at the end of leveling up and about to go offline, such an unexpected surprise would appear?

Hidden mission!

Qin Luo almost drooled on the spot, not to mention the reason for the reward.

Currently, his equipment was fully equipped. Other than the helmet and armor that were slightly lacking, which were only Gold Quality, the rest were all Epic. There was basically nothing that could be updated in the short term.

But.

He did not lack equipment, he lacked experience!

The month with the Dragon Abyss seemed to have just begun, but it was actually imminent.

After all.

The experience points gap to level up was really too big.

It was just like killing a level 30 Corpse Demon. Each of them only had 5,000 experience points, and this was under the circumstances that he had surpassed three levels and had an additional increase in experience points.

There were eight million experience points between Level 27 and Level 28. What about Level 28 to 29 and Level 30?

It was hopeless.

Although the hidden missions were all different and there was no guarantee that there would be a reward of experience points, for it to appear in a place like the Moonlight Forest, Qin Luo Sheng would not believe that there was no battle.

Even if there were no EXP rewards after completing the mission, there would definitely be Bosses appearing during the process of completing the mission, right? Bosses represented a high amount of EXP.

Humph.

There was nothing to say.

I, Qin Sheng, will definitely help Rose today. Even Jesus can't stop it!

It's not for anything. I just want to promote China's good ethnic traditions and help others. That's my life principle and hobby!

"I'm here!"

I'll do it!

Qin Luo Sheng was such a dashing man.

He summoned two single-handed swords on the spot. In one hand, he held the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that had the effect of sucking blood and breaking. In the other hand, he held the [Coiling Dragon Water] that had the power of water and fire. He charged forward brazenly.

First strike!

-100,000!

Qin Sheng:…

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Lily: o (⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

The girls: * Д 。

Tsk!

Was he that lucky?

Looking at the black damage number floating above his head, Qin Sheng, who had died instantly under the sword, was also speechless.

Never would he have thought that his first strike would trigger the Instant Kill effect, killing the Corpse Demon directly. Simply too much.

Forget it!

Since he was already exposed, why was he still pretending?

Moreover, this was already the basic form and he did not use any augmentation skills when dealing with the Boss. Could it be that he was going to use equipment to hide his true strength? Even if he was hiding his strength, it was not that ridiculous.

Or—

Just do it!