Chapter 313: Moonlight Forest (1)

“Today is a good day. Everything you want can be done ~ ~ ~”

In his happiness, Qin Sheng began to sing.

He had to lose his composure!

Initially, he had only wanted to sell the return scroll to speed up the progress of the game in the Chinese warzone. At the very least, he wanted to earn back the money that he had spent on the forums to buy the return scroll from the tourists to avoid the pursuit of Long Yuan.

Unexpectedly.

Just the return scroll alone had sold for hundreds of thousands of gold coins. Then, the potion business exploded again. Not only did he earn more than 200,000 gold coins, but he also achieved success in cash, closing in on two small goals.

Satisfaction!

He was really satisfied!

It was all worth it.

Indeed, the greater the risk, the greater the benefits.

This…

Wasn't the hidden reward for the SSS mission here?

From the moment the purchase list was finalized to the end of the transactions, it took less than half an hour at most to earn hundreds of millions. It was even faster than the printing press.

What if he had money?

Of course he had to spend it!

Currently, the price of gold coins was increasing by the day. It would be stupid to keep it in one's hands.

"How should I spend it?"

Qin Luo was somewhat vexed.

A few hundred thousand gold coins was an astronomical figure.

In reality, he was not short of money anymore. Furthermore, now that he had risen to the top of the wealth rankings, if he changed all of them into cash at once, it would definitely attract the attention of some big shots. When he went to the bank to check, he might be exposed.

This path did not work.

"Then let's set up an industry!"

Making money was the real method.

Every player could only buy two shops. This was the rule.

Yet.

The rules were relative. This restriction was limited to one city.

Perhaps the officials did not expect that at this stage, there would be players who could directly access the hub of the nine main cities and reach every main city at will. This was a small bug.

He did as he was told.

With such a large sum of money in hand, Qin Sheng was not as tight on money as he was the last time. He still had to pay his debt with reputation points.

The first prerequisite for purchasing a large store was 10,000 Reputation Points. However, Qin Sheng had the Honor Medal. This condition did not have any restrictions on him. Moreover, he would get a 30% discount when purchasing a store.

The price of a large shop that was originally worth 50,000 gold coins had skyrocketed to 80,000 gold coins due to inflation during this period of time. It was truly a scam.

A 70% discount of 80,000 gold coins was 56,000 gold coins. The other eight main cities bought one each for nearly 450,000 gold coins. The money they had was not enough.

Fortunately.

After more than an hour of excitement, a lot of equipment and potions were sold in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, and a portion of the revenue was taken out.

"Spending money like water. In the blink of an eye, he lost hundreds of thousands of gold coins and became a pauper."

Qin Luo could not help but complain as he looked at the clean money bag.

Except.

He could not help but laugh when he saw the eight additional deed.

What were eight large shops for?

In the restaurant.

This was what Qin Sheng had planned from the very beginning.

Food was everything to the people.

Don't think that the virtual world didn't have this requirement.

Not to mention the addition of the hunger system, even if it didn't exist, in such a realistic virtual world, since there were traveling friends, why couldn't there be food lovers?

Although eating in the virtual world was only spiritual satisfaction and could not bring any sense of fullness to the real world, Qin Sheng still believed that the food industry would be extremely popular.

After all.

First, there were the palace pastries he had eaten in the City Lord Residence, and then there was the clear spirit spring water he had drunk on Dragon Island. They were all things that could add permanent attributes and time restrictions.

There was also a secondary job in the Fated World called Chef.

For a chef to be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with blacksmiths, tailors, and apothecaries, they naturally had their own merits.

As long as his cooking proficiency increased, as long as he had good ingredients, he should be able to make food that could increase the player's attributes.

This kind of food that could both satisfy his taste buds and increase his combat power, the market in the future might be even more popular than the potion market.

He entered the industry first and ate the meat first.

Setting up an industry benchmark and establishing a brand of credibility.

This was Qin Sheng's motive.

Qin Luo had already found high-grade ingredients in the Dragon City. He could get as many as he wanted. Even the lowest quality ingredients were a few grades higher than those available on the market.

Except.

The ingredients alone were useless. The chef was the most important!

"In the early stages, NPC chefs have more advantages than players. We just need to recruit NPC chefs. In the later stages, it will take a long time. We'll talk about it later. I don't believe that we won't be able to find them even if we have money."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "Even if capable chefs are arrogant and look down on money, they shouldn't have much resistance to high-end ingredients, right? The ingredients on the Dragon Island aren't simple. They even have dragon meat. I don't believe you guys won't work for me obediently."

It was too early to talk about this.

Even if you monopolize it, you are invincible. If you don't buy it, others will.

However, he was a customer after all. It was naturally better to leave a good impression.

Therefore, they could not be sloppy when it came to decoration. They could not be as lousy as the Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

"We don't have any money left. Let's wait for the bosses to send money over next week before making plans!"

He shook his head and temporarily put the restaurant chain matter to the back of his mind.

"It's already this late?"

Looking at the time, it was already four in the morning.

If he did not remember wrongly, the upper limit was around 21 o'clock yesterday. Seven hours was gone just like that. It was really fast.

"The miscellaneous matters are temporarily settled. Now, it's time to get down to business!"

Exhaling a mouthful of turbid air, Qin Sheng twisted his sore neck and opened the map system. "The one-month deadline with the Dragon Abyss is imminent. We should prioritize this. We definitely can't lose out on the bigger picture."

“Who knows what kind of terrifying punishment I’ll face if I fail this mission. I don’t want to make such a huge profit today. Besides, Dragon Island is related to my future restaurant chain. I can’t afford to neglect it.”

Leveling! Leveling!

"Where is the most suitable place to level up?"

Qin Qin Sheng stroked his chin and pondered.

The first condition was to kill monsters of a higher level. Only then would the experience be higher.

With the map of the Nine Great Cities and other remote areas, it shouldn't be too difficult to find a suitable location.

Except.

If the location was suitable, it would depend on the distribution of monsters, the types of monsters, and so on.

At this stage.

There were only two types of monsters that were compatible with Qin Luo, or could be said to be able to allow Qin Luo to level up quickly.

One was the snake race and the dragon race. Due to the existence of [Coiling Dragon Li Water], [Ascending Dragon Slaying] was simply the nemesis of scales. When used against, the effect would be explosive, and the corresponding leveling efficiency would also be explosive.

The second was the darkness-type monster, [Life Prayer] 's special effect [Life Force], [Death God's Embrace]' s special effect [Death God's Gaze], and the effect of the skill Holy Flames. The damage dealt to dark-type monsters was extremely terrifying, and it could be easily eliminated, quickly gaining EXP.

"Where are we going?"

Looking at the map, Qin Sheng fell into deep thought.