Chapter 317: Rose Society'S Predicament

"Oh no, it's a corpse demon."

"Ahhh, we're gone."

"Damn it, it was so difficult to get here, are we going to waste all our efforts again?"

"It's over now. If we fail again, we will not have enough Moonlight Powder to support our next operation."

"I'm so angry. It's all my fault. Otherwise, we wouldn't be so passive."

"Stop talking. The monster is coming. Everyone, be careful. Focus on dealing with it. See if you can defeat it. Don't be stingy with the potion."

"…"

A group of girls shouted.

Even though it was a serious battle, the scene was still pleasing to the eye. Her voice was soft, and her almond-shaped eyes, shapely eyebrows, and slender waist were much better than a male player with a big waist.

MISS!

MISS!

-588!

MISS!

-854!

-258!

MISS!

…

Countless damage numbers mixed with large amounts of MISS appeared above the head of the Corpse Demon.

Attacking a level 30 Corpse Demon at level 22 or 23 was a difference of 7, 8 levels. The difference was too great. Other than the high accuracy archers, most of the other jobs had MISS attacks.

"I didn't expect to see a good show before logging off. How exciting."

Qin Sheng, who was standing at the side, folded his arms and leaned against a tree. He watched with interest as the girl battled the zombie demon. He even turned on the recording system and started recording.

It would be a pity not to record such a classic scene.

For the majority of the players, the Rose Society was rather mysterious. After all, they were all girls' guilds and all of them were good-looking. It was practically a paradise for men.

This was especially true for the legendary figure of the Primrose Militia, Sanguine Primrose. She was a goddess in the eyes of gamers.

As Fate Dimension invaded Planet Blue and encompassed the entire world, people from other industries that were originally not interested in games were pulled into this virtual world.

Hence.

The gaming goddess of the small crowd instantly changed qualitatively and advanced towards the national goddess.

It was a pity that even though Sanguine Primrose was extremely popular, she had always been living in seclusion. Even when she was moving, she would always be with a group of Rose Society girls. Even if there were a lot of them, they would still be able to protect her.

Because of this, there were only a few photos of the legendary president of Huaxia's 6th Guild. They were taken secretly from afar. They were either taken from the side or couldn't be seen clearly.

Now.

This close up recording not only allowed Sanguine Primrose to have a clear view of every aspect of Sanguine Primrose, it also captured her fighting style.

If this video was uploaded, it might be even more popular than those videos of legendary powerhouses fighting against dragons and true dragons.

"Bastard!"

Qin Luo Sheng's actions were not concealed and he swaggered about. Naturally, he could not hide it from the girls of the Rose Society.

No one would trust a stranger with a map where they could freely PK in the wilderness.

Qin Sheng had never approved of Qin Luo to begin with. Even when he was fighting, he had placed a lot of attention on Qin Luo, afraid that Qin Luo would suddenly attack and take advantage of Qin Luo.

Now.

Although Qin Luo did not make use of the corpse demon's restraint to do anything unfavorable to them, he was still very unfriendly.

Damn it!

It was fine if he did not help, but he was actually watching the show and filming?

Damn.

Do you have any compassion for women?

Do you know the law?

Did you ask us about this?

The portrait rights.

"Damn it!"

As much as they wanted to make things difficult for him, the girls who had been suppressed to the point of being uncomfortable in front of the three great enemies of the corpse demons did not dare to voice their anger. They were afraid that they would anger the "covetous" Weeping Soul Beast and cause him to fly into a rage out of humiliation. If they joined forces with the corpse demons to surround him, they would be completely gone.

Except.

Even without Qin Sheng's addition, the three corpse demons were not that easy to deal with.

Even if the corpse demon was only a level 30 normal monster, the suppression of levels was real.

It would have been easier if there was only one Corpse Demon. With the cooperation of more than ten people and the potion Qin Sheng had bought, it could have been ground to death.

However, it was difficult to deal with three zombie monsters at once.

Not to mention the firepower, the MT and HP were severely lacking.

The tank could not tank the monster, the Priest could not heal it, and the damage output could not kill it in a short period of time. This was the precursor to a collapse.

The three corpse demons were divided into three battlefields. If any of the battlefields could not hold out, it would immediately cause a chain reaction, causing all three battlefields to collapse.

Now.

There was already a battlefield that could not hold on.

With the support of Priests and potions, the two Shield Specialists were able to withstand the attacks of the Corpse Demon. However, the Berserker who was a temporary MT was unable to do so. Its Defense was not enough to eliminate the powerful attacks of the Corpse Demon. Its HP dropped bit by bit, and it was all thanks to the consumption of potions.

The Instant Hui Medicine was quite expensive!

Not to mention the Dragon Blood Pill, its effects were indeed powerful. One pill could instantly increase 5,000 Health Points, and the enhanced Dragon Blood Pill could recover 10,000 Health Points in seconds.

But the price was 20 gold coins for the former and 50 gold coins for the latter.

Even if he were to take a step back and say that he had bought it from Qin Luo's Hidden Dragon Pavilion, the intermediate-level potions he had bought from the System's pharmacy were still very valuable. One bottle was also calculated in gold coins.

equivalent.

A few thousand RMB was gone in a second. This was not f*cking medicine but gold.

"Wu wu wu…"

After being unable to defeat it for a long time, the Corpse Demon was crazily arranged and beaten up in all sorts of ways. It was also ruthless. Although it couldn’t be said to have gone berserk, the rhythm and attack speed of its attacks were clearly higher.

This made all the beautiful girls in the Rose Society cry.

Originally, he had been struggling to hold on, but now that he was caught off guard, the MT almost died on the spot. Luckily, he had a strong potions, and with one, his health instantly recovered to its peak, he was able to stabilize the situation. However, the potions were limited, and they were extremely expensive. He couldn't possibly eat them like candy, right? Even if he could, he could only buy a little of them, and after distributing them, everyone only had a few for emergencies. Even if he didn't care about the investment, there wasn't much for him to eat!

“This is bad.”

The hearts of all the beauties from Rose Society sank.

Even though they looked cute on the outside, they were genuine elite experts. Whether it was their strength or vision, they were not something ordinary players could compare to.

Everyone could clearly see the current situation. If this dragged on, there was a high chance that they would all be wiped out. No one could escape.

At this moment.

There were only two choices. The first choice was to ignore the three MTs that were fighting the monsters. The others would run away immediately. Broken Tail was seeking survival. They could preserve their strength as much as possible and reduce their sacrifice to the minimum.

Second: Seek help!

The Rose Society was indeed powerful. Each person could drown three Corpse Demons with a mouthful of saliva, but distant water could not quench their thirst.

There was only one person who could help them.

It was that detestable man with the recording system, that damned bastard, that shameless pervert—Weeping Soul!