Chapter 315: Uninvited Guest

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

Ding… You have killed a level 30 corpse demon. You have received 5000 experience points! '

Just this?

Qin Luo Sheng silently retracted the fourth strike that he was about to slash out. He was somewhat speechless.

Perhaps because he was used to fighting with Bosses with thick skin, he could not change his mind.

That made sense.

A Corpse Demon with only 100,000 Health Points and 1,200 Defense Points was no match!

Putting everything else aside, just explaining the passive 1,000 Death-type damage of the [Skeleton of Death] and the 3,000 Fire Damage of the [Coiling Dragon Water] was already 4,000 fixed damage.

Thus…

Coupled with the restraining effect of the necklace and earrings, killing a level 30 common monster was simply too easy.

"Level 30 monsters can cut vegetables. This is really a fast leveling method."

Qin Luo shot a glance at Combat Log and said with a bitter smile, "It's just that this experience value isn't quite enough!"

It was easy to go from frugal to extravagant, but it was difficult to go from extravagant to frugal!

Even Enhanced Elites had tens of thousands of experience points.

Looking back again.

This ordinary monster had less than five digits of experience. It was indeed a little blinding.

"Sigh, there's no such place as the Dragon God Temple."

Qin Luo shook his head helplessly and gave up on the unrealistic thoughts in his mind. "Let's continue. Moonlight Forest is not bad. It's the best leveling ground we can find at the moment. It's a little less EXP, but fortunately, no one is fighting for the monsters. It's also very efficient."

All the way!

Since Moonlight Forest was a dangerous place, the system store did not have a detailed map of it. Everything depended on the player to figure it out.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay special attention to the route either. He killed along the way. In any case, as long as there were any monsters within sight, none of them could escape.

"Moonlight Grass again?"

Qin Sheng squatted down and picked up the dozens of silver coins that they had dropped. At the same time, he collected the intermediate corpse poison on his body. Only then did he leisurely turn to the silver-blue grass that was currently blooming under the moonlight.

[Moonlight Grass]

Type: Materials

Grade: Intermediate

Effect: Alchemy

Introduction: Growing in the land of extreme yin, it is illuminated by moonlight all year round, absorbing Yin Qi and moonlight spirit herbs. It has special effects!

"If I remember correctly, someone seemed to have bid 1 gold coin for one stalk. It seems to have increased to 3 gold coins or 5 gold coins?"

As he needed to gather information, he did not have to drag his team to the end of the competition. Qin Sheng had spent a lot of time on the forums and naturally saw many acquisition posts, including this Moonlight Grass.

At this stage, there weren't many sub-class players who could use intermediate materials. Other than the talented solo players, probably only the rich elites who relied on burning money could do it.

Qin Sheng also knew about the formula for Moonlight Grass. It was called [Moonlight Powder]. The specific effect was to apply the Moonlight Powder under the illumination of the moonlight. Not only could it conceal one's body, it could also conceal one's scent. The effect was very impressive.

"Three or five gold coins per stalk is equivalent to at least 4,500? Tsk tsk, there are so many rich people!"

Qin Luo sighed.

Moonlight Grass was very rare, but that was outside the Moonlight Forest. In the Moonlight Forest, Moonlight Grass was equivalent to weeds outside, everywhere.

Still.

Moonlight Grass was not valuable in Moonlight Forest, but that did not mean it was not valuable in the outside world. Rich people were not fools. No one would spend a large sum of money to buy something that did not have any benefits or was not urgently needed.

Ever since the forum was exposed, anyone who paid attention to Moonlight Grass would know that it was in Moonlight Forest. But why was Moonlight Grass, which was like a weed, still so expensive in Moonlight Forest?

Nothing else.

It was simple supply and demand that determined the market.

There was a boss who needed it, but the supply of Moonlight Grass was severely insufficient, which resulted in the terrifying price of Moonlight Grass.

After all, the outermost area was a high-level map of Level 30 Corpse Demons. With the current frontline elites of the players, they were only around Level 24 or Level 5. It was indeed difficult to dominate the Moonlight Forest.

"There are also subsidies for killing monsters. This method of leveling up is what I want."

Qin Sheng was grinning from ear to ear as three more stalks of Moonlight Grass entered his bag.

Even with the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, a huge mountain of gold that could continuously produce money, and the branches of the other eight main cities about to open for business, Qin Sheng, who was already quite wealthy, could not change his habit of being poor for the time being. He felt a little itchy at the sight of profitability.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng was also enjoying the process.

A single person's game was lonely, and leveling alone was boring. It was boring to begin with. If he didn't find something to do and distract himself, it would really be quite uncomfortable.

After all.

He was leveling up, unlike in the Dragon God Temple where his nerves were tense at all times. If he wasn't careful, he might just die. Facing a mere zombie demon, he could kill it with his eyes closed. It was fine to relax.

"Wow, there are five stalks of Moonlight Grass in this area. Another 15 gold coins.”

After happily collecting the Moonlight Grass, Qin Luo sighed and said, "As expected, there's no future in earning a dead salary. I still have to do a side job! Look, look, look. This motherf*cker killed a few monsters. With my insane luck, he only gave dozens of silver coins. It's not even as valuable as a Moonlight Grass."

Continue!

Two hours later.

Qin Sheng felt very helpless when he saw that his EXP bar had decreased by less than 5%. On the contrary, there were more than 20 pieces of equipment in his backpack. He had collected almost 100 stalks of Moonlight Grass.

From Level 27 to Level 28, the EXP required was too huge. It was almost 800W. After all, he had killed a True Dragon previously and gave 1200W EXP. He had only risen from Level 25 to Level 27.

In full detail, he fought the monsters honestly, did not engage in fancy maneuvers, did not take shortcuts, and finally experienced the heartache of ordinary players.

At this time, Qin Sheng finally understood why when his level rose explosively and changed every day, or even when he leveled up once or twice, almost everyone was criticizing him for cheating or using bugs.

With this level of difficulty, one couldn't blame others for thinking too much.

"Forget it, it's almost seven. Let's go offline and have breakfast!"

The system gave him a month to level up to level 30. There was no hurry.

From the first day he entered Fate Dimension, or more accurately, after awakening the Lord of the Stars, he was constantly plagued by missions and the pace of the game was so fast that he could not catch his breath.

Now.

It wasn’t easy to finally have this month of “long vacation” to put all those annoying things aside. First things first, he was relieved. Enjoy his game life.

“Mm? Something happened?”

Qin Luo Sheng found a remote location and was prepared to go offline after confirming that he would not be surrounded by spawned monsters when he went online. At this moment, the alarm bell in his body rang. Having fused with the blood of a true dragon, he acutely sensed that something was amiss in his surroundings.

“Obsidian Eye!”