Chapter 316: Rose Society, Sanguine Rose

“Obsidian Eye!”

He activated the only additional skill of the helmet [Obsidian Crown] without hesitation.

In an instant.

A vertical Demon Eye opened, and its pitch-black dead pupils emitted a demonic brilliance, illuminating an empty space in front of it. It looked ordinary, and there was nothing there.

"Big Sister, what is this monster? Opening the Heavenly Eye on its forehead, it scared me to death."

[Eye of Obsidian] did not have the effect of [Jungle Book Hunter's Helmet] to break the array. It could not see through the maze, illusion, and other places. However, it could not kill, but it could live.

After three seconds of confusion, fear, and stiffness, as long as one of them was touched, as long as those who were invisible looked over and saw the vertical eye on the crown of obsidian, they would be affected and reveal themselves.

This…

Not a single one or two had fallen. Had they all been exposed?!!

"Not monsters, but players?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the dozen or so people who had appeared and revealed a strange expression. "And it's a woman?"

-1!

Ding… Player City-Toppling Peony is attacking you. You have entered self-defense mode! '

An arrow shot out, landing on Qin Sheng's chest.

"Ah, this is a BOSS. What powerful defense. Even Sister Peony can only deal 1 damage!"

"Shield Specialist, Berserker will be the secondary tank. As for the rest, take the roundabout route to support and find an opportunity to attack."

"Wait, something's not right. This is not a BOSS, but a player. The system notified me that I took the initiative to attack. Now, I'm being defended against!"

"???"

"…"

"o (⊙ ▽ ⊙) o"

"…"

Qin Luo witnessed the performance of the group of girls.

Interesting.

It wasn't that Qin Luo looked down on chicks, but rather that chicks were just like drivers in online gaming. In the end, they were still slightly inferior.

Except.

The girls in front of him were obviously not included.

They were clear-headed, agile, organized, disciplined, and had excellent execution and judgment. Such an elite team was definitely not nameless.

"Oh, so it's them. That makes sense!"

Just as he was about to use the detection technique, Qin Luo Sheng suddenly saw an acquaintance in the middle of the girls and immediately knew their origins.

Rose Society!

It was the sixth guild in China, and it was the only guild that was formed entirely by girls.

Generally speaking.

There were very few girls in the game, so no matter how pretty a girl was, as long as she was a girl, she would be protected like a rare animal.

In reality, there were many girls immersed in the online world. Why were there so few girls in the online game?

Nothing else.

Immersing oneself in the online world and immersing oneself in the online world were two different concepts.

A large portion of the girls were not interested in games that boys liked. They went online either to watch dramas or to play casual and feminine games that boys rarely played.

Yet.

Fate Dimension was different. No one could resist its charm. Whether it was entering the game for adventure or for leisure, the virtual world would always create sparks.

In addition to the unique mechanism of Fate Dimension, there was no way that other online games like < < Demon > > would be unable to beautify it.

These girls in front of him were all high-quality beauties who could score at least 80 points, especially the one leading them. She was an absolute goddess who could score at least 95 points. Even if it was adjusted, it was still quite impressive.

Sanguine Primrose!

The president of the Rose Society founded the Rose Society and developed it. He created a bloody path out of the online gaming world that was monopolized by male players. Not only did he make the Rose Society one of the top ten online gaming guilds in China, he even ranked sixth.

In the past, the Rose Society was already very impressive. After all, it was a guild for all girls. It had an innate advantage and was blessed by the heavens. Now, all of them had joined the 100% "Fate Dimension" which could not hide their gender. It was even more brilliant.

Except.

Opportunities are often accompanied by crises.

Fate Dimension had indeed given Rose a bigger stage. However, it was also because of this that Rose Society's current status was in danger.

This was not like those rubbish games in the past. Female players were very popular. In Fate Dimension, there was not much difference between men and women. What was important was strength and power.

"Weeping… Weeping Soul?"

Among the crowd, a pretty girl in a cyan magic robe and a magic staff stared at her. She immediately suspected that she was hallucinating. She rubbed her eyes and looked again. After confirming that it was real, she opened her mouth in shock and disbelief.

That's right.

She was Qin Luo who had just made a deal with Rose Society's representative, Lily.

"Weeping Soul Beast?"

Sanguine Primrose's slender brows furrowed as she shot the same curious gaze as the other girls.

"Boss Weeping Soul Beast, why are you here?"

Lily, who had added Qin Sheng as a friend, was pushed out by the public to chat. She ran over with small steps, her eyes filled with curiosity and bewilderment as she asked playfully.

"I'm here to level up!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance and realized that this group of girls were probably level-22 and level-23. Only Sanguine Primrose was already level-24. It shouldn't be possible for her to be like him, coming to Moonlight Forest to level up, but for something else.

The world of destiny was different from the real world. There were laws and ethical constraints. In the wilderness, there was a risk of being PKed at any time. Every player was extremely vigilant.

There were no players in Moonlight Forest to begin with, and now that he was here, he was facing a group of high-quality pretty girls. They had something special to do, so no matter how he thought about it, he felt like they were being followed by an idiot.

"Leveling up?"

The group of girls did not believe him.

Moonlight Forest?

Who are you trying to scare?

"What the f*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng's face twitched. He wanted to explain, but he swallowed the words he was about to say.

A person's prejudices were like a huge mountain. Under the situation where the preconceived notions were dominant, you wanted to change your impression with just a few words? You want to f*ck me!

"Forget it, a good man doesn't fight with a woman!"

Qin Sheng sighed slightly and prepared to leave. It was not that he was afraid, but he did not want to waste too much time.

"What a pity, such a suitable training ground."

Wu ~ Wu ~ Wu ~

Just as he was leaving.

At this moment, a sinister and familiar voice suddenly sounded.

If it wasn’t a corpse demon, then who was it?

Perhaps attracted by the sounds coming from this side, the corpse demons hiding in the shadows, one, two, three in total, dragged their slow bodies and came together, targeting the nearest group of Rose Society girls.