Chapter 312: Earning A Small Goal Every Day

Fate Dimension had two ways of trading.

Firstly, the virtual platform could be used for transactions. This didn't require any conditions and could be uploaded anytime and anywhere, facing the entire warzone. The buyer could also place an order at any place and buy it directly. It was convenient to save time, but the handling fee was 10%, and it was paid by the seller!

Second, a bank account transaction. When you enter the game, the mainframe has already tied up all your information, including your bank account. This is a precise one-to-one transaction. You need to be face-to-face. The transaction fee is 5%. It will still be paid by the seller.

Initially, the second type of transaction did not require any transaction fees. However, gold coins were scarce at this stage of the game. If the buyer did not have any gold coins, they could only trade according to the real currency. In this way, directly trading to a bank card would result in transaction fees.

Compared to the second option, Qin Sheng would definitely choose the first option.

Even if the Fate Mastermind protected his personal information very well, Qin Sheng would not give him any chance. Even if there was a one in ten thousand chance that the one in a hundred thousand chance would be exposed, he would still kill it.

It was because once it was exposed, it would be death. They couldn’t be careless.

Therefore, even if he had to face a group of big shots, he would switch to trading on the virtual platform.

As for how to do the transaction, it was very simple. He just needed to find a piece of trash equipment and hang it up so that these big shots would pay according to the amount they should pay.

This way, the money would go directly to his own virtual account. Everything would be controlled by the mainframe, and not the bank account cards of both parties.

"Hmph, as timid as a mouse!"

Young Master Thunder couldn't help but mock him again.

Swoosh…

A sword beam shot out.

-35,888!

A huge yellow damage number appeared above Mad Thunder's head. The damage was as high as 35,000. How could a Level 24 weakling like Mad Thunder be able to withstand it? He was instantly killed.

"How noisy."

He sheathed his sword, brought the tea, sipped it lightly, and finished it in one go.

Everyone was stunned.

What the f*ck was going on?

Am I seeing things?

One strike, 35,000 plus damage?

"How dare you kill people in Star Glory City! Come to the dungeon with us!"

Before Yamato and the others could recover from their shock, their vision distorted and two guards with sabers appeared.

Attacking in the city was a serious crime. Even if he could replace the punishment with a fine, it could not be completely offset. He had to stay in prison for at least three days.

"I killed him!"

Qin Sheng seemed to have ignored the teasing gazes of the crowd. He sipped his tea calmly and sat there as steady as Mount Tai. He was not nervous in the slightest when facing the two ferocious guards. He said unhurriedly, "Someone spoke rudely just now and was killed by me. Do you have any objections?"

“How dare you, you madman, you actually…”

They had never seen such an arrogant murderer before. The two experienced guards were also a little dumbfounded. When they came back to their senses, the young one immediately flew into a rage. He pulled out the large saber on his waist and was about to step forward to teach this maniac a lesson. However…

"Don't be rash, you don't want your life anymore!"

The older guard suddenly pulled his younger brother. Under his puzzled gaze, he opened his mouth slightly and said softly, “He is Weeping Soul, our future son-in-law. Also, look at his chest.”

The young guard was still a little indignant.

Son-in-law?

So what if he was the son-in-law?

A prince breaking the law is the same as a commoner.

But.

When he saw the Medal of Honor and the Medal of Courage on Qin Sheng's chest, he immediately fell silent.

The City Lord's son-in-law and the Eldest Young Lady's future husband were indeed nothing. They still had to abide by the laws of the empire.

But.

The laws of the empire could not punish big shots who had immunity, unless they committed treason.

As a hero, he should receive the respect of the entire human race. For the person who was killed to insult the human race’s hero, he deserved to die.

"Sorry for disturbing!"

The two guards stopped in their tracks. Under the stunned gazes of the crowd, not only did they not catch Qin Sheng, they even bowed to him respectfully.

"Go. Capture the guy I just killed and send him to prison to clear his head."

Qin Luo said calmly.

"Yes!"

The two guards bowed and said in a deep voice, “We know that we will properly educate this scum and let him understand just how great of a crime it is to insult a human hero.”

Swish!

The two guards left, but the entire room was still silent.

"My brother, is this game owned by your family? Even the NPC guards listen to you?"

Ya Tu, who had the best relationship with Qin Sheng, could not help but speak out. He looked at Qin Sheng as if he was looking at a rare animal, his eyes scrutinizing.

"I apologize for my incompetence!"

The corners of Qin Luo's eyes twitched, but he ignored Yatu. "Alright, the noisy ones are gone. Let's continue! If you don't agree to my trade, you can leave on your own."

Ghost Wheel: "East Imperial Pavilion has no objections!"

Dark disciple: "The Sky Tyrant Guild has no objections!"

Lily: "+ 1!"

"No objections!"

"No objection from the Light!"

…

"Alright, let's continue then!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and continued, "We're all busy people and don't have much time. Furthermore, we have a large family and business, so we should have quite a bit of stock. Therefore, this transaction will be conducted once a week to save time with the greatest efficiency."

“The way the deal is done, you guys decide, but you’ll need at least half the gold. That’s the bottom line. I’ll make a list and you can take a look at it, see what you need and how much you need. Let me know in ten minutes.”

Everyone nodded.

Then they all picked up their communicators, either to the president or to the finance department, and began to raise money and discuss.

Ten minutes later.

Qin Luo Sheng received a dozen lists and a total of 430,000 gold coins.

“Everyone, please wait here for a moment.”

Given how forthright his boss was, how could Qin Sheng delay his efficiency?

He immediately left the teahouse and returned to the second floor of Hidden Dragon Pavilion. After ensuring that no one was around, he took out the returning scroll from Dragon Island.

Without stopping to rest, they arrived at the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion. With Gu Feng grinning from ear to ear, they bought a large batch of potions. Even though the potions could overlap, the 550 spaces in their backpacks and the 1000 spaces in the Illusionary Spirit ribbon were packed to the brim.

Back in Starlight City.

He then went to the tea house's private room.

They traded according to the list given by the big shots of the various trade unions.

Soon.

Qin Luo Sheng received over two hundred thousand gold coins and nearly two hundred million RMB!

He had made a killing!

Upon seeing this number, even Qin Luo's scalp went numb.

A big shot once said: Set a small target and earn 100 million from him first!

Wang Zhiyao, whom he had originally thought to be unreachable, had somehow managed to achieve it.

F * * k, blow me up!