Chapter 310: Selling Crazy Potions (3)

"Should we do an advertisement? No, forget it!"

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and thought for a moment before deciding to give up.

With the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's current popularity, why would they need to advertise?

A monopoly!

This was the best item that could be monopolized!

There were no other competitors. What was there to be afraid of?

For example, the so-called "even the fragrance of wine is afraid of the depth of the alley" would never appear on them. If they were placed in such a conspicuous place, they would not be afraid of being discovered. Once they were discovered, regardless of whether they could be sold or not, they would definitely be able to spread it immediately. When that time came, word of mouth would spread among the players, which was much faster than advertising.

"Now that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's reputation has been spread, there's no need for too much publicity. It's so popular that it doesn't even need to open a branch in Star Glory City. If that happens, it will instead lead to distribution."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at his 50,000 + reputation points and fell into deep thought. "If Star Glory City can't do it, then what about the other main cities? There are many complaints on the forums. It's precisely because Star Glory City has a Hidden Dragon Pavilion and the other main cities don't have it that the players in those main cities have no choice but to be exploited by the dog system's high handling fees. They can't even buy the equipment they like."

"The Hidden Dragon Pavilion is so popular, wouldn't it be a waste if I don't make use of it? Anyway, I'm not short of goods. I can buy equipment and sell them after sublimation. Potions are even more profitable among the profits. Once I open the shop, I will definitely be able to replicate the explosive situation of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in Starlight City. Money will come rolling in."

"It might be difficult for others to open a shop, but for me, it's extremely simple.—The first requirement for opening a shop is to consume 5,000 Reputation Points before discussing the price of buying the shop. However, I have the [Medal of Honor], so I can ignore the first condition. I only need to pay to buy it."

"The Reputation Points can also be used to offset the consumption of buying a shop. The ratio is 1: 1. I have 54880 Reputation Points, which is equivalent to 5,000 gold coins shops of the lowest grade. I can directly open nearly 11 shops, and all of them are for free."

Qin Luo was excited.

"Even though there are quite a number of players with 5,000 Reputation Points and almost all of them bought shops at the first moment, for such a huge market like the nine main cities, this amount is not even enough to make a splash. The best spots are gone, but there will definitely be quite a number of better spots."

He did as he was told.

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly took out a return scroll and flew towards the nearest Glory Moon City.

Under the guidance of the city map, they quickly found the Fangdu Bureau of Glory City.

With Charm Point Max, [Medal of Honor], and [Medal of Courage] opening the way, even though it was not like in Star Glory City where City Lord Luo Lin opened the way, he still quickly bought a shop with a good location.

Then, in Sunlight City.

Again, Fire Brilliance City.

…

Twenty minutes later.

Qin Sheng had visited all nine main cities, including the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in Starlight City. A total of nine shops had been bought under his name, and he did not spend a single gold coin. All of them were paid for with reputation points, and he would continue his freeloading until the end.

Apart from the store, Qin Sheng also bought a small villa in Shuiyao City.

Although the size, facilities, and renovations could not be compared to the mansions in Starlight City, the location was excellent. A villa that was close to the sea only cost 30,000 gold coins. How was it any different from picking it up for free? If the price was raised later on, it would be a little exaggerated to increase it by ten times. It could be increased by two or three times or even four or five times.

Just in time.

After purchasing eight shops, he still had nearly 15,000 Reputation Points left. He added his 15,000 gold coins and got the deed from the smiling commandant of Water Glory City.

After one round, his reputation points were emptied. The 20,000 + gold coins that he had left were only a few thousand. He was instantly poor again.

The Linhai villa was useless for the time being, and he did not hire anyone. All he needed to do was spend gold coins every day to maintain the minimum maintenance. As for the eight stores, Qin Luo Sheng chose a renovation that had a good cost-effective ratio. A few thousand gold coins immediately became double digits.

"Brother Weihun, are you done with your side? The people I should invite have already arrived."

At this moment, Yatu sent a message to urge him.

“Okay. I’ll be right there.”

Qin Luo replied and crushed the return scroll of Starlight City.

Back in Starlight City.

Qin Luo went straight to the teahouse, the same private room he had just booked.

He pushed open the door.

There were now more than a dozen people in the originally elegant and fresh room. Among them, Qin Sheng even saw his old acquaintance, Mad Thunder.

“I am Weeping Soul. I’m sure everyone has heard of my name.”

Qin Sheng's expression was calm as he stared at the gazes of more than ten big shots. He walked over and sat before the tea table. He poured himself a cup of tea and took a sip before saying, "We are all big shots. Time is precious, so I'll cut to the chase and cut to the chase."

No one interrupted.

"I have a business to discuss with all of you."

Qin Luo Sheng did not speak any nonsense. He took out the returning scrolls from the other eight main cities besides Star Glory City and shared them with everyone.

"We are all smart people, so we naturally know what these return to the city scrolls represent. With them, you can connect to the forces in the other eight main cities and consolidate your strength. You don't have to worry about the weak main city members being bullied, and you can unleash your maximum combat strength."

Qin Luo Sheng paused for a moment and glanced at everyone with different thoughts before continuing, "It's equivalent to the chaotic era where large, medium and small forces coexist. It has directly evolved into the Warring States Era where everyone competed together, greatly accelerating the progress of the game. At the same time, the connectivity of the nine main cities and the special resources between the different main cities can also be shared. Everyone's earlier investment can be recovered as soon as possible."

"Interesting!" A feminine-looking man said, "As expected of Weeping Soul Beast. It's fine if you don't make a move, but once you make a move, it's earth-shattering. You're a man who can stir up a storm after all. Perhaps we've overestimated you in the past and underestimated you."

"You flatter me!" In the face of such praise, Qin Sheng was expressionless and unaffected. "You are?"

“Forgive me!” The feminine man habitually pushed his spectacles that didn’t exist in the game. “Let me introduce myself. I am Dark Disciple, Vice President of the Sky Tyrant Guild. I have long heard of your great name.”

Dominating Heaven Guild?

Qin Luo Sheng was naturally well-informed.

This was one of the top two guilds in China, second only to the number one East Imperial Pavilion. Its guild leader, Dominating Heaven, was nicknamed Martial Emperor and one of the super experts. He was on par with the East Imperial in the north and was extremely powerful.

“So it’s Vice-President Batian. It’s an honor to meet you!”

Qin Luo replied with a solemn expression.

"I am Xiong Tu, the president of the World Association, Big Boss Weeping Soul Beast, please protect me!"

"Raging Flames Old Smoke Spear, Guild Leader of the Raging Flames Guild. Expert, please look familiar."

"Spiritual Coffin, Elder of the Glimmer Guild!"

"Dark Walker, Black Tower!"

"…"