Chapter 329: Triple-Layered Eagle Stamp

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

The familiar system prompt sounded. When Qin Luo opened his eyes again, the scene he saw had changed from the snow-white ceiling to a gloomy and cold Moonlight Forest.

"Remember the coordinates first!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the coordinates before continuing on towards the Moon God Temple.

"I can't destroy the main storyline mission. Otherwise, it will expose the fact that I can play for twelve hours a day. Then, I can only act as a guard temporarily and patrol the periphery of the Moon Temple to see if there are any wandering Bosses."

The mission of the Moon Temple was the same as the [Dragon Race's Trial]. It was a phase mission. The next phase would only be triggered after completing one phase.

Currently, it was the second stage—searching for the Moon Temple.

As expected, the next stage would be when Qin Luo entered the Moon Temple. Naturally, he did not dare to step on the lightning.

"Moonlight Forest is a huge map, and the outer area of the Moon God Temple is not small either. After all, it is the location for an S-rank mission. The outer protection should be quite strong, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself as he walked to look for the Boss. "If I can let ordinary players barge into the Moon Temple, then there's no need to set up an S mission. He excitedly accepted a mission and realized that the mission area had already been cleared by others. How can he still play with balls?"

In other words.

Either the Moon God Temple was guarded by traps and formations, which prevented ordinary players from entering.

Either the periphery of the Moon God Temple had killed enough Blood Moon Zombies, Ghostmother, Evil Infant, and other wandering Bosses, and it was enough to cause a certain amount of trouble for normal players who had entered by mistake or players who had accepted missions.

If it was the former, Qin Sheng would admit his bad luck and spend two more hours resting before coming in to shop.

If it was the latter, then Qin Luo would have made a killing and monopolized the Boss. There would be no need to share the experience points. Wouldn't that be wonderful?

"According to the price distance between the Blood Moon Zombie and the Ghostmother Evil Infant, it should be about one kilometer, and now, it's about three kilometers away from the Moon God Temple. If this is true, there should still be three wandering Bosses!"

Qin Luo Sheng guessed, "Forget it, whether it's true or not, we'll know once we look ahead. There's no need to waste our brains. Let's take advantage of the rush and learn the Eagle Stomp we just obtained. Previously, it wasn't good to use the Starlight Miracle Evolution in front of Sanguine Primrose and the rest. Now is the time."

I'll do it!

He took out the skill book and performed the Starlight Miracle.

Ding… detected sublimation target—Eagle Stomp, sublimation? '

"Confirmed sublimation!"

"Successful sublimation!"

As the system notification sounded, Qin Luo opened Eagle Stomp's stats window again.

Special skills were not like grade skills. After sublimation, there would be a display. For example, if a Silver Skill sublimation succeeded, it would become a Gold Skill or an Epic Skill. It was obvious at a glance.

Still.

The special skill was still the word "special skill". There was no change, but the name of the skill, "Eagle Stamp", had become "Triple Eagle Stamp".

Without hesitation, Qin Sheng slapped the skill book.

In an instant.

The Triple-Layered Eagle Stomp transformed into a stream of light and entered Qin Sheng's body.

"Ding, you have successfully learned a special skill—Triple Eagle Stomp. Please head to the skill column to check!"

Do you even need to ask?

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the system's nagging prompt and quickly opened his skill column—

[Triple Eagle Stomp] was a special skill. It had no consumption and could jump up to the highest X meter (X is the Class Advancement Number * 10). It could also borrow strength from the air twice to execute Triple Jump. Cooldown: 5 minutes!

Holy shit!

What a powerful skill!

A special skill was indeed different. This Eagle Stomp's effect was simply explosive. Especially after undergoing the miraculous sublimation of Starlight and becoming a triple Eagle Stomp, it could be called a freak.

Eagle Stomp, as its name implied, was the Eagle Stomp.

The eagle was the king of the sky. Although it was far from worthy of this title in this fantasy world, at least the eagle's ability to fly was not bad. The skills developed by simulating its ability had extremely strong stagnation and transformation abilities.

If it was not unexpected, an ordinary Eagle Stomp should be able to allow one to borrow strength when falling from the sky.

The limitations of the Triple Eagle Stamp had changed from having to stay in the air to being able to jump on its own, increasing the agility of the skill. Moreover, the number of times it could borrow strength had also changed from one to two. Including the jump, it was equivalent to being able to jump three times in a row.

"This Triple Eagle Stomp is definitely a godly skill among godly skills. Perhaps in the eyes of ignorant people, it might not even be comparable to a Silver Skill, but in the eyes of experts, it is more precious than ordinary Epic Skills."

Qin Qin was astonished.

It was unknown who designed this skill. It was a combination of dodging, escaping, counterattacking, chasing, and so on. It could be said to be omnipotent. It was very, very amazing!

"I like it!"

Qin Luo was delighted to receive the divine technique.

Dog System.

I'll blow you up today.

"Aiyo, is this double happiness? It seems like my brain is pretty good. I've even calculated it."

Just as Qin Luo was still immersed in his joy, he suddenly heard the sound of chains being dragged. Turning his head, he saw a pitch-black monster with two thick chains tied around its hands slowly walking out from the shadows.

"Another wandering BOSS? Speak of the devil!"

Probing skill!

[Corpse King (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 950000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 8000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 4000

Speed: 800

Skills:???

Introduction: A Corpse King born from absorbing endless grievances. Its body is like steel, invulnerable to swords and spears, and invulnerable to fire and water. It has once slaughtered countless towns and cities. In the end, it was sealed in a forbidden ground by an expert using the Black Iron Chains and suppressed for eternity.

"Another tank type boss?"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned, somewhat speechless.

"Forget it, there's no need to hide it. Just activate the augmentation skill and do it."

Although the Zombie King was powerful, that was all it could do. It was just an Enhanced Silver Boss and was not a difficult opponent.

If Qin Luo had still been at level 27 earlier, it might have been a little troublesome. This was because after his level surpassed level 10, the suppression was truly too severe. Right now, there was only a gap of exactly 10 levels and it was still within the acceptable range.

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng drew out the [Coiling Dragon Water] and the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. His body shone brightly as the various augmentation skills were applied to his body. His attacks and speed started to go berserk.