Chapter 324: Sanguine Primrose'S Determination

Ding… congratulations on collecting Tenacious Wolf Skin * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Sharp Wolf Fang * 3! '

When a man is too old, he leaves his skin behind. When a goose is too old, he leaves his feathers behind.

How could mere experience points satisfy Qin Luo Sheng? He squatted down and worked smoothly, peeling off his skin and pulling out his teeth with great familiarity. One look and one could tell that he was a veteran.

"They are all intermediate materials, not bad!"

Satisfied, he stuffed the wolf skin and wolf teeth into his backpack. Qin Luo brought along Littly, who had already leveled up to Level 4, and continued on his way to find the Howling Moon Wolves in this area.

Two hours later.

"Ding! Your game world is about to end. Please exit the game within five minutes!"

So soon?

After two days of hard work, he had already reached 42% of his experience bar. Qin Sheng looked at the Howling Moon Wolves not far away with some reluctance and quickly killed the two crippled Howling Moon Wolves in front of him. Then, he tidied up the battlefield and activated "Spatial Jump". He returned to the coordinates he had recorded before and exited the game.

…

The next day!

9 a.m.

Qin Sheng, who had woken up at seven o'clock and had finished his breakfast, entered the gaming capsule on time and entered the game.

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

A minute later, Sanguine Primrose and the other girls came online.

The gathering was complete.

They continued to advance.

Along with a group of girls from the Rose Society, Qin Sheng voluntarily turned off the passive effect of the Dragon's Might. Otherwise, the monsters would not be able to attack him and would change targets.

An hour later.

Qin Luo and the others walked out of the Howling Moonwolf region.

Three hours later.

They walked out of the Blood Zombie area.

Six hours later!

They walked out of the Dark Demon Spider’s area!

"Everyone, take a rest and check your hunger. We'll continue in ten minutes!"

Looking at the exhausted girls, Qin Luo suppressed his urge to continue forward and gave the order to rest.

"What are you going to do next?"

Sanguine Primrose walked over, her beautiful eyes fixed on Qin Luo as she asked: "We are still about five kilometers away from the Moon Temple. Currently, the monsters' level has already risen to level 37, surpassing us by ten levels."

"No, no, no. It's only ten levels above you!"

Qin Luo corrected.

"…"

When Sanguine Primrose heard this, she couldn't help but stiffen up in anger. Just what was wrong with this man? Was he trying to extort her?

"Yes, yes, yes. It's only ten levels above us."

Sanguine Primrose was slightly angered as she rolled her eyes, "Then what is this boss' opinion?”

“High opinion.”

Qin Luo touched his chin and then looked at the group of eager girls. He said straightforwardly, "To be honest, the following battle is really not enough for you guys to carry on. Having more people is not a good thing. On the contrary, the target has become bigger."

Ignoring the group of girls whose faces had collapsed, Qin Luo Sheng continued, "You guys have experienced it before. The deeper you go into the forest, the stronger the monsters are. The more monsters there are, the more there are. They often appear in groups and it's impossible to guard against them."

"I promised you that I would protect all of you, but you should know that some things are uncontrollable. If you continue, I can't guarantee your safety, especially when you encounter the Boss. There might be casualties."

"If it was a one-on-one fight, I'm not afraid. I'm afraid that the BOSS will play dirty tricks. After all, this is their territory. Furthermore, Moonlight Forest is a strange place. It's not a good place. The BOSS's methods might exceed our expectations."

Sanguine Primrose fell silent.

The girls from the Rose Society didn't say anything else and quietly waited for their president to make a decision.

"What about me?"

After thinking for a long time, Sanguine Primrose finally made her decision: "If it's just me, can you guarantee my safety?"

"There's no guarantee!"

Qin Luo shrugged and said straightforwardly, "This is an S-rank mission. The strength of the Boss is definitely not low. If it was a normal Boss, I might be able to guarantee a thing or two. But what kind of damned place is Moonlight Forest? I'm sure you guys have some understanding of the monsters we've encountered along the way. It's very strange. The Boss is playing dirty and no one can avoid it."

"I've decided. I'm going with you!"

Sanguine Primrose was not frightened at all. Her beautiful eyes swept towards Qin Sheng as she said in a slightly annoyed tone, "Don't try to shake me off. I am the leader of the Rose Mercenary Squad, the main character of this mission."

"That's right, that's right!" With Sanguine Primrose leading the way, Lily raised her hands and cried out: "This is an S Rank quest, how could I miss it? If I can't protect it then I can't protect it! Hmph, don't look down on us, we are the members of the Primrose Militia, we are not those cheap girls that rely on men to play games."

"I'll follow too!" Elegant Suhe smiled gently. "You're a Warrior, and you're responsible for dealing with the enemies. As a Shield Specialist, I'll protect Little Rose well."

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched slightly as he looked at the smiling Su He and the blushing Sanguine Rose with a strange expression!

Who was it?

Who added special effects to my vision?

Why was there a pink color between the two girls?

Tsk!

What are you women doing!

There were already plenty of single people in China, and they were rising year by year. Why didn't you women find a man who cared for you?

Bastard!

What a waste of resources!

But.

Why do I feel a little envious?

"In that case, I'll stay too!" Acid Orange was a girl with an oval face. She looked dignified and generous, and her tone was very gentle. It was obvious that she was a good wife and mother. "Although I'm not very useful, I'm still a Priest. It's not a problem for me to add HP and buff you."

"Hmph!" The Berserker, Blood Rose, who was carrying a large saber, snorted unhappily. He looked at Qin Sheng with an unfriendly gaze and said rather irritably, "We are the Rose Society. We can fight on our own without relying on men. Since Little Rose has decided to cooperate with you, you only need to do what you should do. You don't have to care about us. Even if we die, it's because we are too weak."

Damn!

Who was this Sister Yu?

Was his temper that bad?

What the f*ck, I only said the truth. I didn't exaggerate or look down on you. Why are you insulting me like this?

"Alright!"

Upon seeing that there wasn't a single girl who wanted to give up halfway, all of them had determined expressions on their faces. They looked as if they were prepared to go to the execution ground and were willing to die for their cause. The corners of Qin Sheng's mouth twitched involuntarily. "As long as you guys are happy."

…

Three hours later.

Qin Luo Sheng brought Sanguine Primrose and the other girls with great difficulty through the last area and entered the outer area of the Moon God Temple.

"Be careful, there's a situation!"

At this moment.

In the pitch-black night, a monster with a yellow talisman on its forehead and an official's robe jumped out. Under the talisman, its green face and sharp teeth showed its identity—

Zombies!