Chapter 320: Cooperation

Class E, D, C, B, A!

This was the classification of normal missions.

Normally speaking, an A-rank mission was considered the highest level.

As for missions that were even harder than Grade A's, they were already beyond the scope of normal missions and had reached a higher level.

For example, although the Gold and Epic ranks seemed to be only one level apart, there was actually a qualitative change.

S-rank missions were equivalent to Epic-rank missions.

This was not a normal mission. Furthermore, it was a hidden mission. It was unique and not common.

If he could complete this, the reward would definitely be extremely good.

Others might not know, but Qin Sheng, who had been through many battles, had a lot of say.

Generally speaking, as long as the reward was three question marks, it was definitely beyond one's imagination.

Not to mention, the reward for the SSS mission [Dragon Race's Trial] was already so terrifying, not to mention the unknown reward for defeating Long Yuan and the ultimate reward for completing the mission in a month.

Although an S-rank mission was far from being as good as an SSS-rank mission, it was still not bad.

But at the same time, the greater the reward, the greater the difficulty.

For normal players who did not cheat, just the difficulty of an S-rank mission was already considered top-notch. It was simply unimaginable for an SSS-rank mission.

Even the sixth-ranked Rose Society of the Huaxia Guild, the guild leader led the first-tier elites out and was directly trapped at the periphery of Moonlight Forest. They couldn't even get rid of the three trashiest minions, the zombie demons?

Qin Luo Sheng even suspected that if not for the Moonlight Powder, they might not even have been able to enter the Moonlight Forest.

"You guys are really bold. Can you casually accept an S-rank mission?"

Luo Qin could not help but complain. Mei Sheng was speechless for a moment as he looked at the girls who each had their own advantages.

"I have a map here!"

The corner of Sanguine Primrose's mouth twitched slightly. Her good manners prevented her from showing her anger, but her voice turned even colder as she said: "I'll leave the command to you."

Hello.

‘ I think you’re the President. You’re the Guild Leader, aren’t you?’

Is it really okay to push the blame onto me?

I’m not a babysitter. I don’t know how to take care of kids.

"Alright!"

Although he was complaining, Qin Luo still gladly accepted it. "You will still be the commander. However, you can only command your subordinates. I will move freely. But don't worry, I will cooperate fully. I won't waste time."

"Also, remember one thing. I won't speak unless necessary, but as long as I speak, you must listen to me. Otherwise, if anything happens, I won't be responsible."

Isn't this the hegemon clause?

The girls, who had always been pampered by others, were a little angry now.

“So, what’s your choice?”

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the group of girls and looked at Sanguine Primrose silently. As long as she said no, he would immediately turn around and give up on this quest.

It was originally a win-win situation, so why did he have to be controlled by others and submit to others?

Besides.

He did not need this hidden mission.

After all, it was just a place for leveling up. It wasn't irreplaceable. It was everywhere, and Moonlight Forest wasn't a big deal.

But.

Would Rose be without him.

Otherwise…

The probability of completing this [S] class hidden quest was less than one in ten thousand.

Maybe they didn’t matter.

After all, this was a mission without a level or time limit. It could be completed after he grew up.

But now, they had no chance at all.

He couldn't even defeat the most peripheral Corpse Demons and still wanted to face the Boss. Was he awake?

"Sure!"

On the other hand, Sanguine Primrose wasn't like the rest of the girls. She was extremely rational and only frowned for a few seconds before agreeing. It had to be said that she was a strong woman after all.

Even though they had only interacted for a short period of time, Sanguine Primrose's pair of eyes allowed her to know that this man in front of her would definitely not be bewitched by her beauty, nor would he lose himself in this so-called heaven for men.

This was indeed the case.

Qin Luo Sheng would have tender feelings for the fairer sex, but he would never treat a stranger like this. Naturally, he would not talk about benevolence and morality to people he was not familiar with.

If he was in a better mood, then his noble character would appear and he would stay away from this place and not get involved.

If he was in a bad mood, he would be more despicable.

He could have waited for a group of girls from the Rose Society. Due to their lack of strength, they were unable to pass through the monsters' blockade and gave up on the mission. Instead, he could have eaten alone and charged through the obstacles alone, taking the entire Moonlight Forest for himself.

As for the hidden mission that belonged to the [Rose Mercenary Group], it was impossible without it.

Who cares?

Anyway, he only wanted experience points, so what if he gave up the hidden mission?

As long as he found the Moon Shrine mentioned in the mission, he would definitely be able to meet the Boss. At that time, killing the Boss and taking away the EXP would be enough.

As for the rest? It was up to fate!

“You made the right choice.”

Qin Luo Sheng said seriously to Sanguine Primrose, "I will do my best to help you complete this hidden quest. I hope we will have a pleasant cooperation!"

“Really?”

As though realizing that she had made the right bet, Sanguine Primrose's lips curled up into a smile as her expression softened. Her tone was no longer as cold and arrogant as before as she said: "That is truly an honor."

…

He opened his eyes and took off his gaming helmet.

Qin Luo looked out of the window. It was already bright outside.

Time: AM07: 32!

"Is there still an hour and a half before the agreed time?"

Get up.

She rubbed her cheeks and patted them hard, instantly sobering up.

Even though it was not a gaming capsule, the gaming helmet had the ability to allow players to enter a shallow sleep. After staying up all night, although the quality of sleep was not as good, it was not very tiring.

Besides.

With Qin Luo's abnormal physique and mental strength today, he would not feel much even if he stayed up for a month consecutively. After all, he was a "superman" and would naturally not be like ordinary people.

"Hmm? Why do I feel like…"

But after taking a few steps, Qin Sheng immediately realized that something was wrong.

Compared to before he had entered the game last night, the current him seemed to have become stronger. Moreover, he had become much, much stronger. How much stronger was he? Even Qin Sheng himself did not know. He only felt that he had become at least twice as strong.

"What's going on?"

Qin Sheng sat back on the bed and stroked his chin, deep in thought.

When did the body change?

Qin Sheng himself was not too sure about this.

However, he clearly remembered that when his body mutated, it should have started when he thought he was killed by the demons in the mining area.

At that time, he felt that something was wrong with his body. However, playing games could affect reality and strengthen his body. This was too sci-fi. His subconscious never thought about it.

Until…