Chapter 323: Howling Moon Wolf

Ding dong!

The doorbell rang.

"Hello, is this Mr. Qin? I'm an employee of the Shanghai branch of Fate Corporation. The gaming capsule you ordered has arrived!"

Qin Luo, who was browsing the forum post on the sofa, jumped up and quickly walked over to open the door.

Finally.

After all, it was a product worth one million yuan. It was indeed different after spending so much money. Yesterday, they had ordered the goods and immediately transferred the goods. Today, they would arrive. It was as fast as a B!

"D * mn, now I can play for two hours a day."

Half an hour later.

After sending off the installation staff, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the gaming capsule filled with sci-fi vibes and felt great.

"Is it already this late?"

Looking at the time, it was almost 17.

"Why don't we go online after dinner?"

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat moved.

Even if he went online now and could not contact the Rose Society girls who went offline with him previously, he could not waste the extra two hours of game time. It was also very good to level up alone.

Decide.

Qin Luo Sheng first ordered the takeaway and then started operating according to the instructions. He activated it first, then activated it, then bound it again. Although it was a silly operation, it was still a little cumbersome. It took more than ten minutes to complete.

Soon.

Food delivery.

He woke Nan Nan up and wolfed down the food.

After dinner.

Qin Sheng frowned as he watched the sleepy girl return to her room while rubbing her tummy.

"What exactly is this strange illness that doesn't seem to be able to get enough sleep for twenty-four hours?"

Qin Qin Sheng had also done a search on the internet, but all he got was a bunch of messy answers. He did not dare to believe these. "We're not short of money now. Let's find a day and bring Nan Nan to the hospital for a proper checkup!"

…

Fate World!

Moonlight Forest, central region!

After Qin Luo was done marking and memorizing the coordinates, he made sure that he would not get lost before going offline. Only then did he begin to move.

Qin Luo had been holding it in for the past two days.

Along the way, the monsters grew stronger. They were already Level 35.

This was nothing to Qin Sheng, it was just a matter of slashing a few more times. But to the girls of the Rose Society, it was a total disaster.

Fortunately.

The monsters at the back did not rely on sneak attacks and assassinations like the Shadow Ghosts. Otherwise, Qin Luo Sheng might not have been able to guarantee that there would be no casualties.

[Howling Moon Wolf]

Level: 34

Health Points: 280,000

Mana: 32,000

Physical Attack: 5000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 2200

Magic Defense: 1,500

Speed: 700

Skills:???

Introduction: Moon Howling Wolf, a mutant of the Wolf Clan. They worship the moon and use the moonlight to increase their strength. Their favorite food is Moonlight Grass. They often travel in groups. They like to stand on top of the mountain and howl at the moon. This is why they are named.

This was Qin Luo's current region's monster, the Level 34 Howling Moon Wolf.

It was as fast as the wind. The bite force and claw attack were very strong and had the effect of bleeding and tearing. Furthermore, it was at least three of them moving together. The majority could reach more than twenty. It was cunning and difficult to deal with. It was a headache.

"Are you here to die again?"

Looking at the five Howling Moon Wolves walking over cautiously, Qin Luo took out the [Blood Soldier] and [Coiling Dragon Water] impatiently. A cruel smile appeared on his face. "A bunch of animals. Just now, you disgusted me. In order to protect those girls, I was exhausted. Now that I'm not a burden, I can finally let loose and properly greet you."

"Ding… Your pet, Xiaoxiao, wishes to leave the pet space. Do you permit it?"

F*ck!

Grandpa, are you finally awake?

Two days.

Two whole days.

Do you know how I spent the past two days?

No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't wake him up. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't summon him.

I don't need your help in battle, but at least come out and show your face. You can sleep on my shoulder, right?

I'll do the dirty and tiring work, can't you just wait for experience?

Are you a pet or a master?

Tsk!

"Yes!"

With a flash of light, a palm-sized mini dragon appeared on Qin Sheng's shoulder. It let out a soft cry and rubbed its chubby body against his face. It was very intimate.

"You!"

Qin Luo Sheng berated him with a chuckle. He stretched out his finger and touched him. A strange feeling rose from his heart. It was the feeling of being connected by blood.

"Stay here and eat your experience points. Grow up quickly."

After teasing the adorable little dragon dragon, Qin Sheng withdrew his thoughts and looked at the five Howling Moon Wolves who were pacing around. "I'm sorry to have made you wait. This poor monk will now come and send you off!"

It had the passive effect of [Dragon's Might]. As long as it did not exceed Qin Sheng's level, he would not take the initiative to attack.

Under such restrictions, even if the Howling Moon Wolves were monsters that took the initiative to attack, they could not take the initiative to attack. They could only surround Qin Sheng and wait for him to make the first move before they could counterattack.

"Dragon Might!"

Since the Howling Moon Wolves had voluntarily sent themselves to Qin Luo, how could he let them down? He naturally fulfilled their wishes and acted first.

-28,000!

He activated "Dragon Might" and took away 10% of all attributes to show respect.

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

Then, he activated Blade Aura Rampage, increasing the attack range by two meters and increasing the damage by 20%.

"Dragon Fire!"

Then, he activated the Dragon Fire effect of [Coiling Dragon Water]. Each attack would deal 3,000 fixed flame damage, increasing the efficiency.

The prelude preparations were complete.

Open!

"Howl—"

"Howl—"

"Howl—"

Stunned by the dragon’s might, the Moonhowl Wolf froze on the spot. A second later, it regained its mobility and launched an attack without hesitation, pouncing forward.

"Good timing!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed loudly. He used a sword as a gun and swept it across 180 degrees, hitting the two Howling Moon Wolves in front of him. Both triggered critical hits and took away 30,000 of their health points.

Then…

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his left hand stabbed forcefully, and the sharp tip of the sword pierced straight into another Howling Moon Wolf that was attacking from the flank. Unfortunately, it only took down less than 20,000 Health Points.

"Sigh, the difference in damage is too big. There's a difference of 10,000 points!"

Qin Luo sighed.

Due to the True Dragon's Soul Essence, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] evolved and became a Legendary weapon. Its attack power increased exponentially. However, the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] had leveled up once and its attack power doubled. However, it was still a Level 10 weapon. Its starting point was too low and its foundation was too weak. Even if it doubled, it would only be in the three digits. It was just slightly more than half a hundred. It was really not enough.

The difference in Attack Power, coupled with the 3,000 additional Fire Damage from [Dragon Fire], resulted in a 10,000 Damage difference between the left and right hands.

In less than a minute.

Five Howling Moon Wolves pounced on him.

It was ridiculously fast!

It was not that the Howling Moon Wolves did not work hard, but they really could not beat the hackers.

A single sword strike dealt at least tens of thousands of damage, and the critical damage was doubled. The attack would also trigger corrosion, fear, chaos, and stun effects from time to time. Was he still playing with balls?

RBQ! RBQ!