Chapter 325: Blood Moon Zombie

[Blood Moon Zombie (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 37

Health: 800,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 7,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 4000

Magic Defense: 3,500

Speed: 700

Skills:???

Introduction: Zombies worship the moon. They use the Moon Spirit Moonlight as their energy source to purify themselves and also evolve themselves. However, the Blood Moon Zombies are different. When they absorb the Moon Spirit Moonlight, they also harm living beings. They feed on the blood of living beings and feed on the resentment of living beings as nutrients. They are cruel and bloodthirsty. They kill and harm lives. They are a great harm to all living beings.

It was actually a Boss!

Qin Luo was in disbelief.

Didn't they not reach the Moon Temple? There was actually a Boss wandering around in the periphery?

That's right.

Just wandering.

Normally, no matter if it was a BOSS or a normal monster, there was a regional restriction. They could only move within a restricted region. Once they exceeded it, they would lose their aggro.

And because of that.

Many players provoked the Boss, and when they were unable to defeat it, they immediately fled. Once they left the Boss' area of activity, the Boss could no longer chase after them.

However, the wandering BOSS was different.

They had no restrictions, or rather, they had great restrictions.

For example, this Blood Moon Zombie in front of him was wandering in this area. As long as he found an enemy, he would launch an endless pursuit, regardless of the area, to the death.

‘ Of course.’

Moonlight Forest should be the limit.

In other words.

Unless Qin Sheng and the others escaped the range of Moonlight Forest, the Blood Moon Zombie would continue to chase after them until one side died.

“Like I said, Moonlight Forest isn’t that simple.”

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen. "We've been traveling for the past two days and we've almost passed by all the monsters in Moonlight Forest. However, we've never encountered a single Boss. You must know that there are Bosses even in ordinary maps. It turns out that they're waiting here."

"Be careful. This BOSS is a wandering BOSS. There are no restrictions."

Seeing that the Blood Moon Zombie had sensed the aura of a living being and was rushing towards them, Qin Sheng hurriedly held his two swords tightly. At the same time, he called out to the Blood Moon Zombies, "You guys retreat to the periphery, don't join the battlefield, be more vigilant, be careful that there are other Bosses. Leave this guy to me."

Either there were no Bosses, or it was to strengthen the Silver base!

Moonlight Forest was truly strange.

After all, it was a level 37 BOSS. Even though its grade was not comparable, its attributes were almost the same as the Gold Enhanced BOSS Earth Dragon in the Dragon God Temple. Furthermore, as it was a Zombie, its level was very high and even an Earth Dragon could not compare to it.

If it were in the past, Qin Sheng would definitely have a headache.

After all.

Even though he was a Shadow Warrior with a hidden job, he was essentially a combination of a Berserker and a Thief.

What was so special about this?

Close combat!

They were all close combat!

Both Bandits and Berserkers liked to be straightforward and hated meat shields.

Yet, this Blood Moon Zombie was just a meat shield.

He had 800,000 HP, 4,000 Physical Defense, and 35,000 Mana Defense. It was disgusting.

But now…

Haha.

The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand increased his attack to 28,000 points. At the same time, it also had a fixed fire damage of 3,000 points. Not to mention anything else, even if he used this fixed damage, he would be ground to death.

[Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was an endowment [Army Breaker]. It had two abilities: Break. One could ignore defense, while the other could directly break a body. Let's see if you're stronger or if I'm stronger.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

After a few simple augmentation techniques, Qin Sheng stopped.

Against a Silver-tier BOSS, he was not worthy of using his Holy Flames, Dragon Blood Igniting Death, and Undying Battle Intent.

"Dragon Fire!"

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

[Coiling Dragon Water] abandoned [Water], which focused on control, and used [Dragon Fire], which fixed 3,000 fire-type damage. At the same time, it activated Sword Aura Cross, increasing the attack range by two meters and increasing physical damage by 20%.

The preparations were complete.

Fight!

"I've been leveling up for two days and all I've met are small fries. I'm already tired of fighting them."

Qin Sheng held his sword with both hands and looked at the Blood Moon Zombie that had locked onto him. He smiled rather cruelly. "I've finally met a Boss that can make me slightly interested and use some augmentation skills. I hope you don't disappoint me too much!"

"Dragon Might!"

Dominating Heaven's Destruction, peerlessly powerful.

Boundless dragon might, oppressive might.

-80000!

As an unchanging starting move, Qin Sheng would use Dragon's Might first as long as he did not encounter an extremely troublesome Boss and did not wish for him to explode with 10% health points.

Using the divine might of a dragon to intimidate and seize the initiative, wasn’t it extremely good?

Besides.

The Dragon's Aura also had the effect of weakening all attributes by 10%. It directly lost one-tenth of its ability. This loss would greatly benefit the following battles.

"Instant Slash!"

As expected, the Blood Moon Zombie was intimidated by the dragon's might. Its bouncing body also stiffened in an instant. Seizing this opportunity, Qin Sheng pounced forward and transformed into a stream of light, instantly appearing before him.

-6,3558!

The huge attack under the enhancement state, coupled with the 200% damage of Instant Slash, and the double Critical Hit, killed more than 60,000 health points of the Blood Moon Zombie.

"F*ck! What the hell is this damage?"

The fiery hot older sister could not help but spout vulgarities. Her pair of captivating phoenix eyes stared at Qin Sheng, who was like a ghost, constantly circling around the Blood Moon Zombie and attacking it.

It wasn't just the Blood Rose, the other girls from the Primrose Militia were the same. Even Sanguine Primrose was stunned.

"This… this is a Silver-tier Boss right? Its Defense is as high as 4,000 points!"

It was unknown who said this weakly, but at once, a group of shocked girls shut themselves up.

This was too much of a blow!

Was the gap really that great?

They were all players. Why?

Level 27, above level 10, fighting a level 37 BOSS. Logically speaking, wouldn't it be difficult to break through the defense and MISS Endless Attack?

Why was the situation developing differently?

This man.

Where did this monster come from?

Even though Soul Sob had instakilled the zombie demon with a single strike, that was a black number. As high-level players, they naturally knew that it was caused by triggering the most terrifying instant kill effect in the world of fate. This could only be considered good luck.

After that, he killed a Corpse Demon with one punch and dealt over 110,000 damage. However, that fist was in the form of a dragon, and it was obvious that it was a powerful move. Killing an ordinary monster was not particularly surprising.

But.

What was going on?

A level 37 Silver Enhanced BOSS. Even if there were a hundred members from Rose Society, they would not be able to defeat it.

After all.

Ignoring everything else, just the difference of ten levels was difficult to cross.

Such a terrifying BOSS was like a baby under Weeping Soul Beast. He was completely crushed and played around with.

This was like a dream.