Chapter 328: Special Skill: Eagle Stomp

Ding… congratulations on killing level 38 Silver Enhanced Boss Ghostmother Evil Infant. You have received 250W EXP and 650 Reputation! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 29 free attribute points! '

A golden light flashed and his level increased.

It was only when he saw that the level indicator had turned to 28 that his mood improved slightly.

He glanced at the few flashes of golden light behind him. Qin Luo Sheng, who was smiling at this moment, exhaled and steadied his mind.

He was the one fighting the entire battle. The first hit was him, and the last hit was also him. When the damage to the Boss reached 100%, the EXP would naturally be his. As for the dozen or so girls, they relied on the same mercenary group to get some leftovers.

Even so, the experience points obtained from killing a BOSS ten levels higher was still considerable. It was at least a million.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Ghost Mother Ring * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining damaged longevity lock x1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Ghostmother's grievous energy * 1.

“Ding… congratulations on obtaining Evil Infant’s Ghost Eye * 2!”

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Five system prompts rang out in succession, surprising Qin Sheng.

The Ghostmother and the Evil Infant were both one entity, but they were also separate entities. Did this mean that they were two separate entities that had been harvested from their bodies?

"Weeping Soul, do you want this skill book?"

Just when he was about to check the items he had collected, Sanguine Primrose suddenly called out to him.

"Do you have any skill books that I can use?"

Qin Sheng was naturally attracted by the skill book.

This was not the first time a Skill Book dropped. Even though the drop rate of a Skill Book was extremely low, Qin Sheng's Luck points were there. It was also the first time the monsters in Moonlight Forest were killed. Not only was the drop rate high, the items dropped were also the best. There were quite a number of Skill Books.

Except.

What sort of good skill books could an ordinary monster drop? They were all trash. Qin Sheng didn't care at all.

After working together for three days, Sanguine Rose and the other girls naturally knew that Qin Luo's taste was very high and he was very picky. Ordinary qualities would not disturb him.

If he were to speak now, there would definitely be good stuff.

[Eagle Stomp (Special Skill)] Requirement: None.

It was a special skill?

Looking at the skill book Sanguine Rose gave him, Qin Sheng was overjoyed.

"Alright, I'll take this skill book. Thank you!"

Although according to the agreement, he had the right to choose his spoils of war first, and the Boss was killed by him alone, this did not hinder Qin Sheng's gratitude.

Special Skill Books were extremely expensive. There was no market for them. They were worth at least 100,000 RMB. Even rich people might not sell them.

"I'm a little tired. Why don't we call it a day?"

After receiving the skill book, Qin Sheng rejected Sanguine Rose's bonus.

Three pieces of Gold equipment and five pieces of Silver equipment. 80% of the profit from the sale price. In his eyes, it could not be compared to this special skill called Eagle Stomp. He would not take the money.

Sanguine Primrose did not stand on ceremony and closed the trade window, taking back the gold she had given out.

Money was a small matter to her, the president of the Rose Society. As long as the equipment was good, it did not matter even if she bought it at a premium.

"Sure!"

All the girls nodded.

Today, they were indeed a little tired. After a nine-hour long journey and three days, they finally approached the Moon Temple. Even though there were still two hours left in the game world, they did not intend to continue. They had been too tense for too long and needed to have a good rest.

‘ Of course.’

The most important thing was that the last two Boss battles had been too stimulating. He had to slow down.

Before meeting Weeping Souls again, they were all arrogant. Not only were they the little princesses at home, they were also warriors in the virtual game world. They were definitely not inferior to men.

Except.

This thought that had existed in their lives for more than ten or twenty years collapsed in just three days.

Even though he sounded indignant, he had already acknowledged it in his heart.

Weeping.

This guy was not human at all.

He was just a hacker.

"This is just a special case. There is only one Weeping Soul Beast. He is a cheater bastard. I will not compete with him!"

Everyone had their own thoughts. This was the so-called spiritual victory method.

In fact.

They were not mistaken.

Qin Luo Sheng, this dog, was really a hanger. Compared to him, he was really looking for trouble.

…

In the real world.

Qin Luo Sheng got up from the gaming capsule and looked at the time. It was almost 19 pm and dinner time had just passed.

Same old rules.

He called for delivery, dragged Nan Nan out and wolfed down the food.

The nutrient fluid in the gaming capsule was sufficient for the human body to absorb the nutrients needed for the body. It was very high-tech, but Qin Luo Sheng did not use it. He only had twelve hours of gaming time left and right, and he could go offline at any time. He did not need it.

In comparison, eating was more practical. The pleasure and satisfaction from eating was definitely not something that the so-called nutrient solution could provide.

After dinner.

Qin Luo continued to go back to his room to sleep, while Nan Nan packed up the trash and went downstairs for a routine stroll to digest the food.

Two hours later.

21: 30 p.m.

Qin Luo returned home and took a shower before heading straight back to his room and lying down in the gaming capsule once more.

How could two hours of gaming time be wasted?

“Well, this isn’t about me taking it all for myself. It’s about safety. Please don’t mind the Rose Society girls.”

As the sixth-ranked Rose Society in China, the union was filled with girls. Their power was intertwined and their implications were huge. Furthermore, there was no big boss supporting them. Even an idiot wouldn't believe it.

Not to mention anything else, just from the dozen of girls who had fought alongside him in Moonlight Forest, which one of them did not use a gaming capsule? This was something worth a million yuan. How could ordinary people afford it?

A single glimpse is enough to know everything.

Money meant power.

He had used the gaming helmet two days ago, and now he suddenly had a gaming capsule. If this news was noticed, it would give him a direction.

One should never look down on those with money and power. Once they became serious, it would be quite terrifying.

The mainframe blocked all prying eyes. No one could get the players' information from Him.

But that doesn’t mean the word is absolutely safe.

After all.

There were many ways to leak information, especially yourself. Perhaps a single action, a glance, or a casual sentence could allow others to find the real you.

There were many rich people in this world, but compared to ordinary people, there were still too few.

There were very few people who could afford a gaming capsule.

Furthermore, the number of gamers who bought gaming capsules would be reduced.

As long as he was determined in this direction and investigated carefully, Qin Sheng believed that his identity would be easily exposed. He could not afford to be careless.