Chapter 327: Abuse, Murder

Qin Luo's gaze turned cold.

Even though this was only a game and the so-called Ghostmother Evil Infant was merely a background of data and arrangements, he still couldn’t suppress his anger.

As the successor of a new era, respecting the old and cherishing the young were the most basic morals. Although the shameless old man was disgusting and the devilish child was detestable, what was wrong with pregnant women and unborn babies?

Regardless of which race it was, inheritance was of utmost importance.

It was the same for humans.

After all.

Children were the future.

Protecting children meant protecting the future and hope.

This Ghostmother Evil Infant had specifically targeted pregnant women and persecuted those babies that were still in their mother’s womb. She simply deserved to die ten thousand times over.

"All of you, retreat! Let me slaughter this fellow!"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze was very cold, and his tone was even colder. He could no longer control the killing intent in his heart.

Perhaps sensing his anger, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands began to tremble on their own, emitting crisp sword hums.

"A magic attack with 9000 points?"

Qin Sheng's gaze froze as his body rose up. "Magic-type BOSS? Hmph, it's just nice for me to chop it!"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

As he ran, Qin Luo Sheng's body shone brightly as he rapidly increased four skills.

“Ya ya ya ya ya…”

As a magic-type Boss, it naturally knew how to dodge and save its own life. How could Ghostmother and Evil Infant not react when Qin Sheng was so violent? The Evil Infant immediately let out a horrifying laugh and spat out a mouthful of "thick phlegm" which transformed into pitch-black phlegm and attacked.

-15,800!

Qin Luo, who was charging straight at Qin Luo, completely did not expect the Evil Infant's attack to be so fast. It arrived before him in the blink of an eye, and it was too late for him to react. He was hit on the spot.

F*ck!

"This bastard!"

Qin Sheng had already lost half of his health points due to the Blood Eruption Technique, and now he had lost more than 10,000 points in one hit. Even though he was extremely daring, he was so scared that he broke out in cold sweat.

Almost.

Just a little more.

Death before victory.

If he was really insta-killed by the Ghostmother and the Evil Infant, or if he was so stupid as to cripple half of his own health and rush up to be beaten like a retard, then his soul-wrenching reputation would be completely ruined.

"Strong Dragon Blood Pill!"

A Dragon Blood Pill that was sold for as much as 50 gold coins on the outside was consumed, instantly recovering 10,000 health points.

"Dragon Might!"

Qin Sheng’s health bar was pulled back to over ten thousand points, and he felt relieved. Then, he opened his eyes wide and unleashed his dragon might, stunning the Ghostmother Evil Infant who was about to launch another attack.

-65,000!

"Evil creature like you, I've specially prepared a grand feast for you to send you to hell!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared, "Sacred Flame!"

Golden flames were burning on Qin Sheng's body. It was as if his body was plated with a layer of gold and was incomparably sacred.

"Chi la ~ ~ ~ ~”

The azure and fiery-red [Coiling Dragon Water], as well as the black and blood-red [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier], were instantly replaced by golden flames, turning into a dazzling holy sword.

"Instant Slash!"

After running for a long distance, he took a direct hit and was almost insta-killed. It was not meaningless because at this moment, Qin Sheng was already within ten meters of the Ghostmother Evil Infant.

He shifted.

Qin Luo crossed a distance of ten meters and arrived before the Ghostmother Evil Infant with two golden swords in his hands.

A furious and murderous sword slashed down!

"Ah…"

Screech…

The Evil Infant and Ghostmother were of the same heart. Qin Luo Sheng let out a shrill cry of pain when he was struck by the holy flame sword slash.

-18,3502!

The 180,000 damage was eye-catching.

The Ghostmother Evil Infant, which was originally full to the brim, only had its HP decreased by one-tenth due to the dragon’s might, and its HP bar was still much longer than before, seemed to have been cut into a major artery and exploded, losing nearly thirty percent of its HP!

“That’s it?”

After receiving such a heavy blow, the Ghost Mother Evil Infant retreated explosively. However, how could Qin Sheng's speed be something that it could escape from? He immediately followed like a shadow. "Trash-like thing, can you block my three swords?"

“Ya ya ya ya…”

Ghostmother moved swiftly like a ghost, while the Evil Infant was in charge of the attack. She stared at Qin Sheng with eyes full of resentment and emitted a strange sound wave.

"Sound wave attack? Spiritual control? It's a pity that his skills are too shallow."

With a slash of his sword, sword energy filled the air. The attack range was as high as seven meters, making it impossible for Ghostmother and Evil Infant to dodge. After taking another strike, their health dropped to around 26%. “I have the Medal of Courage, so I’m immune to mental control. Are you, or are you, prepared to die?”

A violent attack, coupled with the Holy Flame's four times damage to dark type creatures, a seven-meter attack range, and over 4,000 movement speed…

Qin Luo Sheng had no idea how to lose!

"Hide!"

Qin Luo retrieved the 【 Coiling Dragon Water 】, teleported over, and appeared behind Ghostmother and Evil Infant. He clenched his right fist, and dragon head energy appeared. "Dragon Fist!"

The explosive punch slammed into Ghostmother’s back, knocking her off balance and sending her sprawling.

"Do you still want to struggle?"

Qin Luo Sheng strode over with large strides and fiercely stomped on Ghostmother, who was about to get up. At the same time, the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his left hand shook, and the edge of the blade that carried the power of breaking through the army heavily pierced through the Evil Infant's body.

"How do you want to die?"

He stepped on Ghostmother with one foot and pierced through the Evil Infant with the other. Qin Sheng looked down at him with a cold and detached expression, his eyes filled with extreme coldness. His voice was like the mighty might of heaven and the judgment of gods.

"What… what happened?"

Sanguine Primrose and the others who were watching from afar felt as though their eyes were about to pop out of their sockets.

Weeping Soul Charge first, then Weeping Soul was almost killed by the attack. Then, Weeping Soul Blink closed in and killed almost one-third of the Boss' health points with one strike. Then, he pulled and chased after the Boss. In less than two seconds, Weeping Soul went from front to back. A familiar Dragon Fist appeared and killed the Boss with one punch.

???

What kind of divine development was this?

Reverse and reverse?

Besides.

Isn't this too fast?

In less than five seconds, the BOSS battle that should have been in his subconscious mind ended just like that?

"He seems to be angry!"

The soft and cute girl, Lily, looked at the cold and aloof Qin Sheng with a gaze so cold that it reached the extreme, and murmured.

"Yeah, maybe this disgusting BOSS triggered his nerves!"

It was rare for Sanguine Primrose to speak in such a calm tone, "There are some things and some memories that cannot be touched. Otherwise, the mountains will collapse and the earth will collapse.”

The girls:…

"Forget it. It's a waste of time to waste your time talking to a monster like you."

After calming himself down, Qin Sheng summoned the Coiling Dragon Li Water once again. Under the golden sword's edge, two dragons, one red and one blue, swam happily, releasing a biting cold and violent aura.

"Die!"

The sword swept across Ghostmother's throat.

Ding… congratulations on killing level 38 Silver Enhanced Boss Ghostmother Evil Infant. You have received 250W EXP and 650 Reputation! '