Chapter 326: Ghostmother Evil Infant

"Berserk Strike!"

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing the Blood Moon Zombie to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%!"

Gone!

Completely gone!

After the Berserk Strike triggered the Absolute Damage effect, the battle had ended early.

"What a waste of my two speed enhancement skills!"

A total of 30% of the Blood Moon Zombie's attributes had decreased. Its Attack Power was simply too horrible to look at. Even if its main body's defense was at its current stage and it did not activate any defensive skills, it could still completely withstand the damage. In addition, with the blood-sucking ability of [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], it could completely guarantee that it would be at full health anytime and anywhere.

What else was there to say?

Take him down!

"Fight head-on?"

The group of girls, who were already dumbstruck, widened their eyes when they saw Qin Sheng stop, give up on his speed advantage and choose to fight head-on.

“Has this fellow gone mad?”

Once again, I was the Blood Rose that had exploded. She bit her flaming red lips and stomped her feet angrily. "Do you really think that the Boss is just playing around? Although this Blood Moon Zombie is a steel plate Boss, it has 7500 Attack Points. Furthermore, it definitely has corpse poison. Isn't it courting death to take the attack head-on?"

"Sister Chengzi, get ready for treatment!"

Upon hearing Blood Rose's words, Lily became anxious. She quickly pulled the Priest Acid Orange at the side and begged her to quickly chant to save him.

"Don't worry!"

Before Sanguine Primrose could make a move, Sanguine Primrose shook her head and said: "That man is not an ordinary person. Don't you guys know that along the way? You guys have seen the video that he sent earlier, that guy who could even slaughter dragons, how could a mere Zombie not be able to defeat him?"

The girls who were burning with anxiety suddenly came to a realization.

That's right!

Who was Weeping Soul Beast?

They might not know much about it.

After all.

They only knew each other for two days.

But where did his reputation come from?

Everyone in Fate World knew this!

frequently on television.

The first one to kill a Bronze Boss, the first one to kill a Silver Boss, the first one to kill a Gold Boss, and the first one to kill an Epic Boss. Furthermore, the Epic Boss he killed was a dragon. How could a 100-meter long Fire Dragon not be able to deal with a small zombie?

What a mess!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 37 Silver Blood Moon Zombie. You have received 120W EXP and 350 Reputation! '

Without dodging, how long would the battle of full strength last?

Qin Qin Sheng soon told the girls the answer.

18 seconds!

This was in addition to the time he had wasted at the beginning. It had only taken him ten seconds to truly attack and kill!

If not for the Blood Moon Zombie's skill, which allowed it to recover a large amount of health points, the time would have been even shorter.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Blood Moon Corpse Tooth * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Blood Moon Corpse Poison * 3! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Ignoring the equipment and coins that the Blood Moon Zombie had dropped, Qin Sheng squatted down and cast the Collecting Skill. Two beams of light flashed past in succession, and two sharp fangs appeared in his hands. They were blood-red in color and were filled with strangeness and foreboding. Other than that, there were three other things that looked like poison sacks. As expected, they contained the corpse poison of the Blood Moon Zombie.

He opened his stats window and took a look. Although they were all intermediate materials, they were considered special ones. Their usage was slightly off, but their effect was much better than ordinary intermediate materials.

He put it away.

"Let's go. Let's continue our journey and strive to see the Moon Temple today!"

Qin Sheng stood up and took a step forward with his two swords in hand as he looked at the Blood Rose who had already distributed the equipment.

The materials and equipment belonged to him and Rose Society.

This was an agreement that had been made long ago.

As long as it was something that Qin Luo did not ask for, he would hand it all over to Sanguine Primrose. As for the Primrose Militia, they would pay him 80% of the market price for the loot as dividends.

‘ Of course.’

All of this was done under the condition that Qin Sheng had exerted great strength. For example, he had been the one fighting the Blood Moon Zombie from beginning to end. Naturally, the agreement had taken effect.

“Why don’t we call it a day?”

Sanguine Primrose suddenly spoke: "Since we're already here, why don't we take a good rest? It's about time for the game to end anyway."

Qin Luo turned around and glanced at Sanguine Primrose. Her cold and aloof expression did not reveal anything, but the girls beside her were a little too tender. Everything was written on their faces.

Are you worried about me?

Qin Luo Sheng found it rather funny.

‘ Hey, hey.’

What are you all thinking?

That was just a normal operation. Did he really think that it was his full strength?

No wonder they misunderstood.

With such a violent stance, he was able to defeat a Silver Boss that was stronger than him by ten levels. Who would believe that there was no price to pay?

After all.

The Skywolf’s Werewolf Shadow, Leopard’s Leopard’s Shadow, and Blood Explosion, which had suddenly lost half of its HP, were all added together. Everyone saw them.

In their eyes, such a terrifying augmentation technique definitely had a huge limitation, and even a very strong side effect.

But in reality, it was nothing.

Was five minutes of cooldown considered a limit?

As for the side effects, only the Blood Explosion Spell had a little bit. The activation condition was to reduce 50% of health points, but this was considered poor. With the increase in attack power, tens of thousands of damage points could be easily absorbed in seconds.

"Continue. There's still a lot of time left. Don't waste it."

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste time explaining and continued to lead the way forward.

When the gaming capsule arrived yesterday, it had twelve hours of gaming time every day. Now, it was less than ten hours. It was still early.

However, these girls were still thinking about the past two days. Hence, they thought that he only had ten hours in the game.

"Be careful, there's another situation!"

Less than 500 meters ahead, a gust of cold wind blew past. Qin Sheng immediately became alert, waving his hand to stop the girls behind him.

"Jie jie jie jie jie…"

A sinister sneer sounded. An ugly woman with blue skin and an extremely strange appearance slowly walked out of the darkness while carrying a ghost baby whose head had a big hole in it.

Tsk!

What kind of demons were these?

Not only were the girls trembling, even Qin Luo could not help but feel his scalp tingle.

This monster B was really too shabby!

It wasn’t just his appearance. His aura was also very uncomfortable, sinister, and full of resentment.

Probing skill!

[Ghostmother Evil Infant (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 38

Health: 650000

Mana: 180,000

Physical Attack: 2200

Magic Attack: 9000

Physical Defense: 1,800

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 850

Skills:???

Introduction: Ghostmother Evil Infant is an extremely evil creature. It uses a treacherous method to feed the secret medicine of pregnant women, corroding their minds and even eroding their babies. Starting from the second month of pregnancy, it will be carried out for three days, seven days, and twenty-one days a month. It will last for eight months until it is born. When the baby dies, it becomes a Ghost Infant. On the other hand, the Ghost Infant will bite back at its mother, causing it to transform into Ghost Mother. Because it died an innocent death, its resentment will soar to the sky. It will specifically target the pregnant and harm the baby. It is against the human Dao and is despised.