Chapter 321: One Rides As Thousands

The mass grave was a turning point.

Following the mass grave, they entered the hidden Luo Village and met Luo Li, who was known as the Ghost Bride. By a freak combination of factors, they saved her, causing the battle to start.

Luo Qin had turned into a devil, and the three high priests were under his control!

In despair, Luo Qin, who had nowhere to go, unleashed a fatal blow towards Luo Li.

In order to protect Luo Li, he stood before her.

After dying in the game, he woke up in the real world and saw a mess that should only exist in the game world. He even summoned the virtual item in the game world—Dreadfiend Wheel.

At that time.

It was only then that Qin Luo Sheng discovered that his body had unknowingly surpassed that of an ordinary human by a large margin. Especially under the attribute enhancement provided by the Dreadfiend Wheel, he had even become a "superman".

Now.

As his level increased, as his skills increased, as his equipment changed, his strength became stronger, and his body became stronger.

There were too many secrets hidden within.

Qin Luo Sheng was also confused.

Except.

He, who was broad-minded and fat, did not pursue the matter when he could not find the truth. Instead, he temporarily put it to the back of his mind and did not think too much about it.

After all, no matter how he thought about it, it was only a guess. As long as his strength continued to increase and as time passed, there would be an answer to everything. He could not rush it.

Qin Sheng did not know the answer to the question connected virtual and reality.

However, he still had some clues about what caused such a huge change today.

It was definitely because of the Dragon God.

First, he consumed the blood of the Dragon God to evolve his bloodline. Then, he activated the Dragon God divine power and upgraded [Sky Martial], [Sacred Body], [Divine Flash], and [Spiritual Wisdom].

It should be known that these four skills were born because of the extreme strength, physique, speed, and spirit. Fate Dimension was also the foundation of scanning the body.

In other words.

The four basic attributes in the game were also applied to the real body.

Originally, the body in the game was used as a reference to the body in the real world. However, something unforeseen had happened, causing the body in the game to be connected to the body in the real world. Furthermore, there was a feedback situation. The two had the same effect. One was strong while the other was strong. That was why today's situation was like this.

"Let's eat first!"

Qin Sheng shook his head and stopped thinking. He got up and went to the bathroom to wash up before heading out to buy breakfast.

…

Time: AM09: 00!

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to the world of destiny.

"Not here yet?"

Glancing around and seeing that there was no one around, Qin Luo frowned and complained, "She's a woman after all. Most of them don't have any sense of time. Sigh!"

Before he could finish speaking, white light suddenly flashed around him.

"Is he here?"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly and said, "Pull me into the team!"

Ding… you have joined the team! '

Qin Luo glanced at the team's configuration.

Captain: ID: Sanguine Rose, Class: Fire Magician, Level: LV25!

Captain: ID: Lily, Class: Wind Mage, Level: LV23!

Captain: ID: Elegant Lotus. Class: Shield Warrior. Level: LV24!

Captain: ID: Acid Orange, Class: Light Priest, Level: LV23!

Captain: ID: Weeping Soul, Class: Shadow Warrior, Level: LV27!

Five-man team?

Qin Luo was somewhat puzzled.

Normally, a team could only accommodate five people at most. However, after establishing a mercenary group, as long as they belonged to the same mercenary group, they could build a team of ten people. But why?

"The five-man team is more agile!"

Sanguine Rose seemed to have noticed the confusion in Qin Sheng's eyes as she explained, "There are two MTs, three Priests, and two Berserker part-time Vice T members in the team. They are split into three teams, so there is no chaos."

Qin Qin immediately understood.

Indeed.

Compared to a ten-person team, a five-person team was much more flexible. Especially when there were repetitions of classes in the team, it was easier to divide them in detail and not confuse them.

"Let's go!"

Since he had the right to command, Qin Luo did not stand on ceremony and gave the order directly.

During this period of battle, Sanguine Primrose was the one in charge. However, he was the one in charge of the general direction.

"Are we just going to leave like this?"

Even Sanguine Primrose couldn't help but frown as she replied: "I have some Moonlight Powder here that can conceal one's body and smell."

He did not finish his sentence, but everyone could understand what he meant.

"Don't worry!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at the girls who were hesitant and even shivering. He was a little impatient, but when he thought of the hidden mission, he still explained indifferently, "Since I dare to leave like this, it must be because I'm confident. Just follow me and don't be disjointed. Leave the rest to me."

Damn it!

Are you kidding me?

I'm a hacker, do I need to hide in such a cowardly manner?

A mere periphery of Moonlight Forest, what qualifications did he have to make him cry his soul and flee without fighting?

"This bastard!"

Watching Qin Luo's figure disappear into the darkness, Sanguine Primrose gritted her teeth as a hint of anger surfaced in her usually indifferent eyes. With a slightly resentful tone, she said, "Everyone, follow me!"

"Aiyo, it's even a small corpse demon group?"

Qin Luo Sheng led the group of girls in a straight line. According to Sanguine Primrose's map, they were prepared to take the most time-saving route and cross the Moonlight Forest.

Walking like this was fast, but they would encounter many monsters along the way. After walking a few steps, they saw about fifteen or sixteen zombie monsters.

"All of you, give me two buffs if you have any buffs. The rest of you, stay where you are and don't move. If you have learned the Herb Gathering Skill, or if your Herb Gathering Skill level is higher, you can go and collect the Moonlight Grass over there."

Qin Sheng took out the [Coiling Dragon Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and said casually before charging forward.

Step back. I’m going to act tough.

Look at me, I'm a thousand strong!

Rank 30 Corpse Demons were too weak. They were extremely weak in every aspect.

In the eyes of the Rose Society's girls, the thorny monster was just a lackey in Qin Sheng's eyes. He could totally drive Unparalleled and charge into battle.

And that was exactly what happened.

This ant-like Qin Sheng could not even be bothered to dodge. He rushed straight for Qin Luo's face and slashed down with his sword, allowing their attacks to land.

Damage that was less than 200-300 was nothing compared to 40,000 Health Points. It was just that the Corpse Poison was a little annoying. After all, there was no poison to resist it. However, the Life-Steal effect was too strong. The Poison's Health Points were not even one-tenth of the total amount absorbed, which meant that it was completely uninjured.

More than a dozen corpse demons rose up in a group. Qin Sheng's hands did not even last a minute before they all died.

The beautiful members of the Rose Society who were preparing to retreat were instantly dumbfounded.

Are we dreaming?