Chapter 322: Dark Raider: Shadow Ghost

The Rose Society elites looked at the corpse demon's corpse on the ground in silence.

The three corpse demons were enough to cause the three teams of more than ten of them to fall into a bitter battle and almost be wiped out.

Now, a dozen or so corpse demons were attacking together, but in the hands of this man, they were like cutting melons and vegetables, killing them all in less than a minute?

Tsk!

Did the difference have to be so huge?

"No wonder he could slaughter dragons!"

Sanguine Primrose took in a deep breath as she stared at the back of the man in front of her, her eyes flickering non-stop, "Such a scary guy, what is his real identity?"

Even the arrogant Sanguine Primrose had no choice but to admit that they and Weeping Soul Beast were on completely different levels. It wasn't just their Primrose Militia, the other big guilds were the same.

Perhaps, only the top two powers, the East Imperial Pavilion and the Heaven Tyrant Guild, who had maintained their position in the north and south for so many years, could be compared to the top two powers. The leaders of the East Imperial Pavilion and the Heaven Tyrant Guild were comparable to the experts of the world. They were known as the East Imperial and Martial Emperors.

“If Rose would have him, wouldn’t that be?”

Sanguine Primrose was moved.

Except.

Thinking of Weeping Soul Beast's unparalleled masculinity, he immediately felt a headache.

This kind of man basically completely ignored her charm, and even the Rose Society, which was coveted by countless males, showed no interest in such an ultimate dream—the Great Crystal Palace. She really had no idea where to start!

"Do you have any thoughts about me? You're too naive!"

Qin Sheng, who had very keen senses, naturally sensed that there were many pairs of burning eyes staring at him from behind.

To that.

He felt nothing.

No matter what these women were planning, it was impossible to sway him.

This time, they were only cooperating to benefit each other. There were no other reasons.

If she wanted to have any crooked thoughts about him, she would really have found the wrong person. He was not one of those brainless fools who would believe everything a woman said.

He squatted down and cast a collection spell.

"Ding… Collected successfully. You have received: Corpse Poison * 1!"

The corpse poison of middle-grade materials was not bad. It was suitable for practice and to build up the proficiency of refining skills.

"Equip everyone to Roll!"

Qin Luo could be greedy for the materials, but he would take what he should take. He would not take what he should not take. This was the rule.

"We want the equipment. How about we give you a dividend based on the market price?"

Most of the equipment dropped by the Corpse Demons were black iron and bronze, and only one or two were silver. Qin Sheng naturally did not think much of it, but the Rose Society, which had a lot of people and businesses, was in urgent need.

"Sure!"

…

Half an hour later.

Relying on Qin Luo's invincible stance, he swept all the way. At this moment, he had already left the periphery and officially entered the central region of the Moonlight Forest.

Clang…

All of a sudden, there was a loud bang. The girls, who had been tense, shivered in fear.

“You’ve just entered this region, yet you’re already delivering a gift?”

Qin Luo blocked the sudden attack and squinted his eyes as he looked at the strange beast that was slowly exposed from invisibility. "It seems that crossing the Moonlight Forest and reaching the destination isn't easy!"

Dark Raider: Shadow Ghost

Level: 32

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 5000

Physical Attack: 3500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,800

Magic Defense: 1,200

Speed: 600

Skills:???

Introduction: Dark Raider Shadow Ghost, a creature of the opposite sex. It is said to be a weapon made by a Lich. It sews up terrifying assassins of different races. In the dark, it can hide itself and deal fatal blows to the target.

A level 32 monster?

Compared to the Corpse Demon, the increase was not small. Especially the speed, it was more than double. It was simply an explosive increase.

"Stay together and be careful!"

Qin Sheng naturally did not take the trashy monster to heart. However, the girls from the Rose Society were different. If they were professionals with low HP, they might be killed instantly.

He needed three strikes to kill the corpse demon.

Slasher: Shadow Ghost. How many strikes do you need?

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng gave his answer.

Five strikes!

Without triggering the critical strike, seven to eight strikes should be needed.

Easy, simple, and enjoyable!

Dark Assassin: The strength of the Shadow Ghost is that it can conceal itself and launch sneak attacks. Especially in a place like Moonlight Forest, with the support of the environment, it is like adding wings to a tiger.

Qin Luo Sheng was naturally not afraid, but the Dark Assassin: Shadow Ghost's threat to a bunch of weaklings was indeed quite big. If he was not careful and triggered a critical hit, there was a 80-90% chance of an instant kill.

"The Physics Department will go outside and protect the crispy skin."

Sneak attacks and sneak attacks were really hard to guard against. Qin Sheng was also having a headache.

What if the Dark Assassin: Shadow Ghost successfully killed one or two girls?

Not only did it damage his reputation, it was also equivalent to slapping his face.

It was his fault for taking it all upon himself just now. He had a nonchalant look on his face as if everything was handed over to him.

"Don't be afraid, Dark Raider: Shadow Ghosts aren't that powerful. Just be alert."

Looking at the girls who were on tenterhooks, Qin Sheng consoled, "I'm free to move. As long as the ambusher, the shadow ghost, appears, I'll coordinate with them immediately. I'll be fine."

They continued forward.

Dark Raider: Shadow Ghosts are not brainless corpse demons after all. As an assassination weapon, their intelligence is not weak, especially when it comes to assassination.

Unfortunately.

Monsters were monsters after all. They were restricted by the rules.

Even if the girls of the Rose Society adhered to the rules and advanced in an iron bucket formation, they basically had no chance at all. If they forced their way in, they would only be exposed. Not only would they miss a good opportunity, they would also be directly killed.

However, the existence of the territory effect would force them to attack, unavoidable.

Because of this.

The Dark Assassin, Shadow Ghost, was supposed to be an assassination weapon. Once the players entered its attack range, it would force them to hide and then attack. Even if the opportunity was too bad, it would still forcefully attack. This was equivalent to giving them an opportunity.

An hour later.

Qin Qin Sheng and the others finally walked out of the Dark Raider's area and heaved a huge sigh of relief.

"I've been delayed for too long. I have to speed up the pace."

Looking at the game time, there was only slightly more than an hour left today. Qin Sheng could not help but frown. "According to the map, if we go straight through this path, we will have to walk at least two hours from the Moon Temple. During this period, we will have to pass through eight monster areas."

"What do you have in mind?"

Sanguine Primrose's beautiful eyes narrowed as she asked: "This is only the second region and we already have a hard time walking through it. What happens next will definitely be even more difficult. It doesn't matter to you, but how can you bring a bunch of weak girls along with you?"

Qin Sheng:…