Chapter 332: Oh!

[Undead Zombie (Enhanced 3 Star Elite)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 300,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 3800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 1,500

Magic Defense: 700

Speed: 500

Skills:???

Introduction: The strength of the zombies summoned by the undead witchcraft, as well as the energy supply from the witchcraft, determines their strength.

One, two, three, four, five…

Oh.

There were at least a hundred of them!

Trying to win with quantity?

How naive!

Isn't this giving me warmth?

He was still worrying about leveling up!

"Hey, little fella, get up and get to work!"

Qin Sheng touched the tiny dragon horn on his shoulder and shook him, urging him to join the battle.

"Wu wu wu!"

Xiaoxiao, who had been disturbed from her sleep, was very unhappy. She made cute noises and used her tender dragon horns to push Qin Sheng's cheeks, indicating that the baby was very angry.

"Be good, howl once, howl once before you sleep."

Qin Luo Sheng had a smile on his face as he cajoled.

This was a boss that he could not afford to offend.

"Roar!"

Perhaps it was because Qin Sheng's smiling face had taken effect. After he finished acting coquettishly, Xiaoxiao gave him face and opened her mouth, letting out a crisp and tender dragon's roar.

"Dragon Roar Shock!"

-35,000!

-35,000!

-35,000!

-35,000!

-35,000!

…

Countless red damage numbers floated above the heads of the undead zombies.

Awesome!

Upon seeing this effect, Qin Sheng nodded in satisfaction.

Currently, it was only level 18. With one attack, over a hundred undead zombies were all hit, and their health points decreased by more than one-tenth. It was even more powerful than Dragon Might, so why would it need a bicycle?

"Alright, continue sleeping. It's up to me now!"

He touched the tiny dragon horn and gently coaxed him to sleep.

Xiaoxiao was indeed not needed in the following battles.

After all.

Xiao-Xiao was strong, but she was still in her infancy stage and had not matured at all.

Before Xiaoxiao's ability was developed, even if her attributes were off the charts and the damage of her skills were not bad, the spells that could be used were all elementary spells.

Apart from the "Dragon Roar Shock" skill, there were no other AOE (AOE) skills. Helping him would be akin to clearing one or two of them. It would not be of much use. It would be better to let him sleep and eat experience, lest he had to take care of this little ancestor while fighting.

"Let's get some exercise before eating!"

Twisting his wrist, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the group of undead zombies who were staring at him with a pair of evil eyes. He sneered, "I'll discuss the Dao with you after I deal with these little shrimps. I'll take revenge for the sneak attack just now."

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

There were no buffs, because there was no need to. They were already surrounded, and there were undead zombies all around them. There was no way to avoid them.

"The ability to burn blood! The ability to strengthen one's will!"

The Gravedigger was shocked. "The ability of an unknown wolf with the aura of divinity? And golden flames with the aura of divinity?—Who are you?"

“Yoho, you’re quite knowledgeable. As expected of someone who travels all over the world and specializes in digging other people’s graves. Although your strength isn’t strong, your knowledge isn’t bad.”

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the corpse digger in surprise, surprised at his vast knowledge. "I wonder how many tombs you've ruined, how many dead people can't rest in peace, and how many good things you've gotten from their coffins."

"Dragon Fire!"

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

During the conversation.

Qin Luo Sheng activated the dragon fire effect of [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. At the same time, he activated the second effect of Sword Qi Rampage.

"Dragon Might!"

After the impact of the small dragon's roar, Qin Sheng also activated his dragon blood. A vast dragon's might swept out. All the undead zombies that he regarded as his enemy, and even the grave-digging necrophiliac who controlled the undead zombies, had their attributes decreased by 10%!

"The massacre has begun!"

Sword qi burst forth.

The golden Sacred Flame made all of Qin Sheng's attacks turn into Divine Attack. It was imbued with the Sacred Attribute and dealt heavy damage to dark-type creatures, increasing the damage by four times.

At the same time.

The Holy Flames also had the effect of splitting. With a single slash, it struck an undead zombie. However, the unlucky one who was hit and the few companions beside him were also attacked. Only the damage was reduced to 80%.

Coupled with the effect of Sword Aura Cross, it turned ordinary attacks into Sword Aura. The lethality increased further and had a certain penetrative power.

Thus…

The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand activated the special effect of [Dragon Fire]. Its attack also had 3,000 points of fire damage. Fire was considered half the nemesis of the Dark-type and Four Rhinoceros Monsters.

Although the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his left hand did not have the high interface damage of [Coiling Dragon Water] and only had 560 basic attacks, the effect of [Army Breaker] was still there. The damage duration increased by 100%, which was equivalent to a basic attack of 1120. In addition to the characteristic of "Break" which ignored defense, as well as the characteristic of "Break" which could directly break, the trigger rate was extremely high when dealing with small fries. Its efficiency even exceeded [Coiling Dragon Water]!

Like this.

With the help of [Life Prayer] and [Death God's Embrace], the damage dealt to the Dark-type was increased by one level. From time to time, it would trigger corrosion, fear, and chaos effects. A group of low-level undead zombies that were not even comparable to a black iron Boss was as weak as paper.

Less than two minutes!

When the number exceeded 100, all the undead zombies with the ability to revive died three times in Qin Sheng's hands. They died completely and could no longer get up.

"Now, it's your turn!"

Even though the enhancement abilities of the Sirius had all disappeared, the Holy Flame lasted as long as three minutes. There was still one minute left, which was enough to deal with the Gravedigger.

"Spalasi!"

The underlings he had summoned had all been dealt with, but the Gravedigger did not seem to care at all, nor was he afraid of Qin Sheng. At this moment, the two swords with Sacred Flame were pointed at him. Instead, his eyes shone with a strange light, as if he was a pervert. He said with an infatuated expression,

"What an unparalleled shocking power. I have no choice but to want you. After you are used by the adults, you might become the greatest collection I have ever had."

Strange accent, perverted eyes, lunatic thoughts…

Qin Luo shuddered.

“You really won’t shed tears until you see the coffin. You should take care of yourself first!—Instant Slash!”

There was a limit to how long the augmentation skill could last. Qin Sheng would not waste his time arguing with the grave-digging fetishist. He moved on the spot and appeared directly in front of him, slashing down heavily with the sharp edge of the holy flame.

"Let's see if you'll still be so stubborn after I kill you and make me your collection!"

…

< EMPTY >