Chapter 331: Necromagic

Ding… Gravedigger uses Demon Eyes! '

"Ding, your [Courage] has taken effect. You are immune to the negative effects of the Dreadfiend Eye!"

Qin Luo Sheng's head sank. Before the negative effects could be unleashed, a refreshing feeling shot up into the sky instantly and eliminated all abnormalities.

"F*ck, this idiot!"

Qin Luo had almost been hit before the fight even began. He could not help but curse in his heart. At the same time, he kept his guard up.

No wonder the introduction said that he would run when he heard the sound of chains. Otherwise, if he saw the grave-digging necrophiliac's true appearance, he would be killed by him. The mortality rate was 100%. If he could be controlled with just one look, wouldn't he be left to his own devices?

"Fortunately, I have [Courage] and am immune to all mental-type control. Otherwise, I would have really f*cking lost!"

With a gloomy face, he tightly gripped the [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier]. Qin Sheng was not in a good mood right now and there was nothing special about it. It was just that his hands were a little itchy and he wanted to chop something.

"Hmm? You can actually avoid my Illusionary Evil Eye? Who exactly are you?"

The trump card that he had been so proud of was actually ineffective. The expression of the Gravedigger immediately changed. The relaxed and indifferent expression on his face was no longer there. He became vigilant and nervous.

"Who am I? Guess!"

It was still early and Qin Sheng did not make a move immediately. It was not easy for someone who could speak and was clearly not an ordinary BOSS to appear. Wouldn't it be a waste not to get something out of him?

As a BOSS that appeared near the Moon God Temple in the depths of Moonlight Forest, it was obvious that this Gravedigger was related to the Moon God Temple. He might even be able to find clues about the changes in the Moon God Temple from him. This would be very helpful for the next mission.

In the end, it was an S-rank mission. Even though Qin Sheng had already come into contact with the most top-notch SSS mission, he did not underestimate this trip to the Moon Temple. How could it be so simple to be connected to a god?

Qin Luo Sheng did not even need to think to know that trash like the Gravedigger was definitely just a lackey. Even if he was a Gold Boss with extraordinary strength, for an S-rank mission, a Le Se like him that was not presentable would definitely not be a Boss behind the scenes. He did not have the qualifications.

The secret of the strange changes in the Moon Temple could only be discovered after entering the Moon Temple. The Boss hidden behind the scenes could basically be said to be inside the Moon Temple.

Maybe.

The 'sir' that the grave-digging necrophiliac had mentioned was the boss behind the scenes!

Why was he so sure?

After all, he was a Gold BOSS with the strength of a Gravedigger. Just a few words from his mouth and his expression showed respect.

Furthermore!

Qin Qin Sheng saw it very clearly.

Even if he became a subordinate or even a dog and listened to his master's orders, the Gravedigger did not feel indignant at all.

What did this mean?

It meant that the grave-digging necrophiliac was sincerely willing to be that "adult" eagle hound. He also sincerely believed that being the "adult" dog was only right and was his honor.

To be able to teach a Gold-ranked grave-digging fetishist such a good lesson, to make him show such an absolute submission, and to thoroughly show Qin Sheng how terrifying the so-called "sir" was from the side.

"Enhanced Gold Boss? No, that's all. It's far from that."

Qin Luo Sheng's heart trembled. He had a terrible thought that he had to admit. "Epic-ranked, it must be an Epic-ranked BOSS without a doubt."

Tsk!

An Epic Boss actually appeared in an S-rank mission?

“That doesn’t make sense, does it?”

Qin Luo was stunned on the spot.

This was not right at all!

Even for the SSS mission [Dragon Race's Trial], when the Dragon God Temple participated in the Dragon God Trial, the Epic Boss was also at the eighth trial's level. It was a level that had been forcibly evolved from the ultimate skill of the Flood Dragon.

Most importantly, the Serpentine Dragon's cultivation had been suppressed back then, and it was no different from him back then.

And this…

Completely different.

The Gravedigger in front of him was already level 38. If the boss behind the scene was slightly more optimistic, even if he was level 40, it would still surpass him by a whole 12 levels. Wasn't that too scary?

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought for a moment and instantly understood. "The [Dragon Race's Test] is not that simple. Even if the true dragon of the ninth trial is stronger than the flood dragon, it can represent the level of an SS-rank mission. In the end, if the dragon god personally takes action, it would be comparable to the SSS difficulty."

"In other words, an S-rank mission corresponds to an Epic-ranked mission. It makes sense that there is an Epic-ranked BOSS as the final obstacle."

"Besides, the mission [Dragon Race's Test] is not over yet. There is still a month to go before the Dragon Shocking Stage."

"Dragon Abyss is the king of the Black Dragon race, so its strength is needless to say. It's much stronger than the Bosses that are manifested from energy during the competition. After all, it's a real physical battle."

"Perhaps, the other missions are just a piece of cake. What really shows the difficulty of SSS is the battle with Long Yuan."

"Come to think of it, with a mortal body, how could he shake the king of the dragon race? Furthermore, it was a proper duel. He was restricted to a ring and could not use the environment and other things. If this difficulty is not SSS, then what else is worthy?"

"What an idiot! He actually dares to be absent-minded in front of the enemy?"

Qin Luo Sheng was still immersed in his own thoughts when the grave-digging fetish's voice suddenly rang in his ears. Before he could react, a sharp pain came from his waist instantly. Accompanied by the rattling of the chains, his body was sent flying like a sack.

"Impossible, what's going on?"

Qin Sheng, whose Health Points were almost halved in an instant, was both stunned and shocked. He looked up from the sky where he had been sent flying, only to see that the tomb-digging necrophiliac that he had been observing was slowly dissipating.

An afterimage?

Or a clone?

Tsk!

This d * mn thing actually tricked me!

“In the midst of endless fear, wail and become a corpse!—Necromagic!”

The Gravedigger raised the shovel in his hand. A thin layer of grey mist appeared on the surface of his body and flowed up into the shovel. Then, he stabbed it heavily.

"Wuwu ~ ~ ~ ~”

"Wuwu ~ ~ ~ ~”

"Wuwu ~ ~ ~ ~”

In an instant.

The ground shook.

Under Qin Sheng's incredulous gaze, rotten bones, long hair, and stiff arms stretched out from the soil.

The next moment.

One by one, the wights crawled out and swayed their bodies. Under the control of the Gravedigger, they slowly gathered around.

This scene was like a doomsday crisis with zombies surrounding the city.

Qin Luo Sheng was like a lamb in a flock of corpses, pitiful, helpless and shivering.