Chapter 337: Soul Guiding Lamp, Extracting The Dead Souls

“How?”

The ghost-faced corpse devil was a little confused.

"In order to repay the sect and the country, I've devoted myself to everything and spent most of my life on the edge of life and death. I've let down the sect, the country, my master, but only my family."

After a moment of silence, the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon sighed and said, "I was unfilial to give birth to my parents and raise them. I let them suffer the pain of losing their children. I also let down my ancestors, causing my lineage to lose its roots here."

"I loved and pitied my wife. I didn't give her a warm home. Instead, I dragged her down and caused her to die a horrible death. She was tortured before she died, and after she died, she was made into an abandoned ghost mother."

“As for my unborn child, it was also this incompetent father of mine that caused him to not even be able to come out of his mother’s womb. He did not even take a single glance at this beautiful world. Not only did he die in his womb, he even became the Evil Infant, unable to transcend.”

“My life has been too much of a failure. I’ve let myself down as a son, I’ve let myself down as a husband, I’ve let myself down as a father.—Now, I’m tired, I’m really tired. I have nowhere to put my soul, and it’s hard for me to rest in peace. I don’t want to care about the matters of the world anymore. Let’s forget about all the bad karma and grudges from before.”

Qin Luo was silent.

Although he had never experienced such a thing before and could not understand the state of mind of the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon, he could understand that it was already praiseworthy that he had not fallen into the demonic path.

"I'll leave the rest to young people like you. The future of the Human Race will ultimately depend on you. Your descendants will continue to pass down their legacy and improve continuously, making the Human Race stronger."

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon squatted down and took out a broken lamp from the Gravedigger's waist. "As for me, my soul can only be comforted and redeemed by the baptism of the River of Forgetfulness and the other side of reincarnation."

As he spoke.

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon gazed at Qin Luo with a gentle gaze. The Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock in Qin Sheng's hands caused his soul to sway. With his Spiritual Strength, he lit up the tattered lamp.

"This Soul Guiding Lamp can help me find the true spirit of my wife and child. It can also guide our family of three into Youdu."

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon stared fixedly at the Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock. Seeing that they were emitting specks of light under the guidance of the Soul Guidance Lamp that had been lit by his soul, he immediately smiled. "Only the baptism of the River of Forgetfulness and the soul-scorching smell of the Paramita Flowers can release our souls. After we receive the punishment we deserve, perhaps we will have a chance to continue our former fate. We can either survive in the Underworld or reincarnate again."

Buzz…

The souls of Ghostmother and the Evil Infant had already been drawn out by the Soul Guiding Lamp. From the Ghost Mother Ring and the longevity lock, an elegant, dignified, and gentle woman, as well as an infant about three years old, walked out.

Except.

They were muddle-headed and expressionless.

Because.

His soul had been corrupted.

“I’m sorry I’m late.”

When the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon saw them, tears immediately flowed out uncontrollably. Endless regret and guilt drowned him, making him unable to look at them directly. His voice was hoarse and he whimpered, unable to control himself.

"Young man, thank you again!"

Softly, he reached out and hugged the baby, then held the woman's hand. The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon's careful and incomparably gentle posture was a completely different person from the violent manner of the tomb-digging necrophiliac just now.

“We are going to the other side of reincarnation. I will definitely wash away the filth on their souls and restore their true spirits.”

The Soul Guiding Lamp emitted specks of light that shone slightly, opening a door to the Underworld. The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon carried his child, pulled his wife, and walked towards the door step by step. "I'll entrust the mastermind that Salus spoke of to you.—This is my final thought. I hope you can get rid of this great evil for the human world and destroy that tragic and inhumane evil."

"I wish you success!"

Qin Luo Sheng didn't say anything. He only silently watched the Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil bring his wife and children into the door that belonged to their hope and future, sincerely praying and blessing them.

Buzz…

Three souls entered the Underworld.

The door slowly closed.

The Soul Guiding Lamp that had released the Light of Extraction and opened the door to the Underworld instantly retracted its light and returned to its tattered state.

Ding… Congratulations on completing the hidden triggering mission [Soul Ferry]. You have obtained a special item, Soul Guiding Lamp. You have obtained a wisp of Will's true spirit, Will's Ghost Face! '

The system's reward prompt sounded beside his ear, but Qin Sheng did not seem happy at all.

The current him.

His heart was heavy.

He had never experienced such an unbearable feeling before.

In the past, when he read books and watched television, he had similar scenes, but he did not feel much. However, in this virtual reality, it was as if he had experienced it personally. The feeling was completely different, and the experience was completely different.

"Go in peace!"

Squatting down, he picked up the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon—no, it should be the Soul Guiding Lamp left behind by Lowell—Qin Luo Sheng swore solemnly in his heart, "I will inherit your hatred. I will definitely kill that damned mastermind to comfort your souls."

[Soul Guiding Lamp]

Type: Soul Lamp

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect: Four basic attributes + 200, Luck + 10, Tenacity + 30, Enlightenment + 30

Special Effect: [Soul Extraction] draws the undead, cleanses the evil, opens the door to the Underworld, and transcends the wraiths!

Additional Skill: [Soul Lamp Spirit Voice] has been used up. Shaking the Soul Lamp, it can release soul sounds that shock the mind, intimidate the soul, confuse the mind, and cause a forced 3 seconds of confusion. At the same time, there is a chance to enslave the mind and let the target be used by you. Duration: 5 minutes, Cooldown: 30 minutes!

Additional Skill: [Soul Summon] has no consumption. Passive: Can collect souls and store them to nourish souls. Active: Summon the souls in the Soul Guiding Lamp to fight for you. Maximum duration: 10 minutes! Cooldown for the same soul summon: 24 hours! (Current possessed soul: 1 [Ghost Face Corpse Demon Lively])

Introduction: Soul Guiding Lamp. It is a treasure that can connect with the Netherworld. It possesses a mysterious and unfathomable special ability. It is said that it is a Buddhist treasure formed by a Buddhist mighty figure using the Mercy Curse and World Crossing Curse as its energy source and chanting scriptures for eighty-one days.

This…

Qin Qin Sheng was flabbergasted, his face filled with disbelief.

What kind of immortal item was this?

Buddhist treasures?

Wasn't that a spirit treasure similar to the Spiritual Water Pearl?

Besides.

Unlike the Water Vein Spirit Bead, which focused on controlling water and attacking, the Soul Guiding Lamp focused more on speed and control.

Just like the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon Liver and his family who had been sent to the Underworld, the Soul Guiding Lamp had not only transcended him, but had also drawn out the souls of his wife and children from the Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock.

Compared to actual power, this mysterious power was even more fascinating.