Chapter 338: Special Equipment: Ghost Face

"A Soul Guiding Lamp and a trace of my true spirit?"

Qin Luo muttered, "Now I owe him a favor."

Even if the mastermind was definitely the big boss hidden in the Moon Temple, the key to this S-rank mission, and even if there was no such thing as Lowell, Qin Sheng would still have to kill him. But now that there was a gift from Lowell, there was an invisible layer of pressure. This burden was much heavier.

Right.

And Will’s ghostface.

Let's see what it is.

Maybe.

The favor he owed was even deeper.

"Miracle Starlight!"

Qin Luo took out the ghost mask that Lowell had been wearing earlier and subconsciously cast a "Starlight Miracle".

Initially, he thought that it would be the same as the Soul Guiding Lamp and that there would be no reaction. He never imagined that it would actually succeed.

"Could this be equipment? It's not a special item like the Soul Guiding Lamp. It's a so-called treasure?"

Qin Luo was overwhelmed with emotions as he hurriedly opened the stats window of the ghost mask in his hand.

[Ghost Face]

Type: Mask

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: None

Effect: Four basic attributes + 300, Luck -10, Tenacity + 20, Focus + 20

Special Effect: [Ghost Face] Ghost Face, Deviant Face. Wearing the Ghost Face, one can freely change one's information and hide oneself!

Additional Skill: [Ghost Face Doppelganger] has been used up. It can create a doppelganger created by you. It has independent information and identity. It can be controlled and commanded! Duration: Infinite (Consumes 500 Mana Points per second and doppelgangers are not allowed to leave 100 kilometers away from the main body). Cooldown: One day!

Additional Skill: [Ghost Face Enslavement] has been depleted. It will create a ghost mask and put it on the target's face. It can be controlled and used by you. Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

Introduction: Ghostly faces are said to be based on human emotions. Joy, anger, sorrow, joy, greed, anger, infatuation, hatred, separation of love. It cannot be sought as the source, so it is sealed on the mask. After absorbing countless emotions, it gradually became evil and became a ghost mask. This is because it encompasses all human emotions. If you wear it, even if it is ominous, you can obtain other spiritual powers. You can disguise yourself as much as you want. There are thousands of faces and all kinds of hearts.

Mask!

It was a mask with attributes!

A mask of a legendary grade!

Qin Luo was stunned.

This thing.

No one was unfamiliar with it.

Qin Sheng had been forced to spend a large sum of money to buy an ordinary mask when he had only been at level 10 and had entered the Star Glory City at the initial stage. It had no attributes, and the material used was crude. It could only be used to hide one's face, and no more.

It had been a long time since the opening of Fate Dimension. Be it the virtual trading platform, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion that had thousands of pieces of equipment every day, or even the omnipotent forum that contained all the information in the Fate World, there had never been any information regarding the attribute mask.

‘ Of course.’

As time passed, the attributeless mask that he had back then had greatly expanded the number of members in the family. There were all kinds of butterfly masks, tiger masks, and evil ghost masks. It was dazzling.

Even 99.99% of masks had no attributes. The difference was in appearance, nothing more. But there were exceptions.

Back when the mercenary system was released, the system was updated.

By then, the tailor shop had already introduced a mask that could increase attributes.

Of course, it could only be found in the shops of the system. Players could not create it yet.

What were the attributes?

Very powerful!

That was because the additional attributes were all hidden attributes!

For example, Luck + 1, Charm + 1, Enlightenment + 1, Tenacity + 1, Focus + 1!

That's right.

Just + 1!

It was only 1 point!

However, the price was extremely low.

Unified price: 1,000 gold coins, no discount!

At that time, what did 1,000 gold coins mean?

Not only was it equivalent to 500W + RMB, but due to the scarcity of gold coins, it was difficult to receive such a large amount. In addition, all the rich needed it, and everyone was fighting to buy it. This caused the gold price that had been steadily falling all this time to become warmer for the first time, instead increasing.

Perhaps ordinary people could not understand why one would spend so much money and effort to obtain a special attribute of + 1?

This was the difference between the rich and the poor.

In your eyes, this is a sky-high price. Isn't it nice to buy a house and a car?

However, in the eyes of the real big shots, five million yuan was merely five hundred yuan!

How could they not buy such high-end items that were different from ordinary people?

‘ Others do. I don’t.’

Doesn't that mean I'm inferior to them?

He had to buy it!

A man fights for his pride, a Buddha sticks an incense stick.

A tree wants skin, a man wants face.

The issue of face was never a small matter.

Besides.

This mask with attributes was indeed very useful.

Fortunately, it could increase the drop rate of equipment and coins, and it could also significantly increase the success rate of the secondary job.

Charm could make NPCs more affable and have a higher chance of getting missions.

Toughness could weaken the control effect and even have a chance of avoiding the control skill.

Focus could increase accuracy. It was definitely the best attribute for Archers. Even Mages and other long-range jobs needed it.

Enlightenment could allow the proficiency of the skill to increase rapidly and allow one to understand the essence of the skill more easily. It could even allow the skill level to jump!

The players' initial hidden attributes were all 0!

If he wanted to hide his attributes, he could either do something on TV or be rewarded by the system.

Either he completed the special mission and was rewarded.

It could be obtained from special equipment.

All sorts of things.

Although there were many channels, it was difficult to obtain them. Ordinary players would not be able to come into contact with them.

Now.

The equipment released by the system was not normal equipment. It was a mask. It did not occupy the parts of the equipment required for battle. It had hidden attributes. Wouldn't rich big shots go crazy?

"It's fortunate that I didn't buy it on impulse back then. Otherwise, wouldn't I be regretting it now?"

Qin Luo looked relieved.

At that time.

He also had the urge to buy the attribute mask, but he didn't have that many gold coins at that time. Even if he did, he probably wouldn't bear to part with it, so he left it at that.

Later on, he became rich, but he was busy with the goods and sales of Hidden Dragon Pavilion, so he forgot about it.

Fortunately, he had forgotten.

Or else.

A thousand gold coins were wasted.

As for those rubbish + 1 hidden attribute masks, God knows how many streets this Ghost Face had destroyed.

Or rather…

There was simply no comparison.

How could an ordinary white mask compare to a legendary mask?

Unfortunately.

The devil face was strong, and it was worthy of being at the level of legends. However, the negative effect of -10 Luck Points became the only failure. It was like white jade being tainted, making people feel helpless.

Still.

This did not affect him much.

With the other powerful attributes of the Ghost Face, the negative effects of -10 Luck could be ignored.

At the end of the day, Qin Luo had 36 points of luck, so 10 points was not a big deal.

"That's all for today. I'm not in the mood to continue clearing the boss!"

…

PS: Spoiler alert, this thing is a very important foreshadowing!