Chapter 335: The Cruel Truth

"There really is a silver lining!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath as he held the two bug-level props in his hands. Even though he felt that it was not worth it to use them on the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon, props were meant to be used. If he did not use them, there would be no meaning.

"Wuwuwu”

"Wuwuwu”

"Wuwuwu”

Qin Sheng, who was about to do something naughty, suddenly trembled when he heard a bitter and sobbing sound.

He turned around.

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon, who had been chasing him relentlessly a second ago, stopped in its tracks. Its eyes, which were originally dead and calm, were fixed on the Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock in his hands through the bizarre devil face. Emotions exploded, and its mouth opened and closed as it let out cries of resentment and tears.

"What… what happened?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

“Brat, what are you doing?”

The greatest trump card in his hand had suddenly gone down the drain. The necrophiliac was instantly irritated, especially when he saw the two props in Qin Sheng's hands. His irascible gaze turned into one of terror.

"You, why do you have those two items?"

Oh?

It turned out that the Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock not only made the Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil reveal its abnormality, but also the Gravedigger!

Looks like…

This story should be very interesting, right?

“… this… this is… my wife’s… wristband… and… my… son’s… long life… lock…”

The conversation between Qin Luo Sheng and Gravedigger did not get up. The Ghost Face Corpse Demon that should have been a puppet suddenly started talking intermittently.

"You… you're awake?"

The grave-digging necrophiliac's expression changed again. Looking at the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon, he couldn't help but take a few steps back. The face that had always been either strange or abnormal finally showed signs of fear and trembling.

"Damn brat, it's all your fault!"

The Gravedigger was furious. He pounced at Qin Sheng angrily. "I've already thrown that mother and son away. Why did you bring their things here? Why did you take them out for my servants to see?"

"Are you angry?"

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold laugh and kicked the corpse digger away angrily. "The show is just about to begin, so don't come and make trouble. As for what you said about leaving it behind, that's just wishful thinking. That Ghostmother Evil Infant isn't far from you guys, it's only about a kilometer away."

"What? Impossible?"

The Gravedigger did not mind being kicked away. He found it hard to believe what Qin Sheng had said. "I had clearly thrown them into the cave thousands of kilometers away. It's impossible that they would have come this far. You're lying to me."

"Lie to you? What's the benefit of lying to you?"

Qin Luo Sheng shot a cold glance at the necrophiliac before turning to look at the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon. Seeing that his gaze was locked onto the Ghost Mother Ring and the Longevity Lock in his hands, his expression was somewhat complicated.

Even though he had become a puppet and seen the things of his former wife and child, he still recognized them at a glance. Furthermore, his expression was filled with shock and excitement. Had he regained consciousness?

There was also the Ghostmother Evil Infant. Originally, it should have been abandoned thousands of kilometers away like a tomb raider, but the attraction of kinship and bloodline had allowed them to return to Moonlight Forest, a kilometer away from the Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil, to protect him.

"Are they alright?"

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon woke up even further. From the moment it couldn't even speak a single sentence, it had been intermittently speaking. Now, it was able to complete its sentence, and its words were clear. Its eyes were clear.

"What are you asking about?"

Qin Luo asked.

In fact.

He didn't know much about it either. All he knew was the simple introduction of information that the detection spell had detected. He was just trying to make a comprehensive guess.

“In what way?”

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon was stunned for a moment before subconsciously replying, "In my memory, I remember that I was the one who gave up resisting to protect the mother and son."

Give up resisting?

To protect his wife and child?

Qin Luo Sheng sighed deeply.

He was so powerful, but why was he so foolish?

To be able to threaten you with your life, how could you be a good person?

After losing the only person who could pose a threat to them, would the bad guys still let go of the helpless orphans and widows and let them live, and then wait for their children to grow up to avenge their father?

What are you thinking about, bro?

"Do you really want to hear it?"

Qin Luo, who had a heart of stone, felt his heart soften for once. "Reality is quite cruel!"

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon was stunned. After a moment of silence, it took a deep breath, and its expression became resolute. “I’m not an idiot. I’ve also made some guesses. Especially when I saw Xiao Huan’er and the Longevity Lock, I was already mentally prepared.”

"Shut up! Little brat, shut up!"

Before Qin Luo Sheng could reply, the Gravedigger beside him could not help but roar and charged over like a mad dog, wanting to get rid of Qin Sheng and shut his mouth.

"Sols, stay where you are obediently. I'll settle our scores with you later."

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to make a move, the Ghost Faced Corpse Demon brazenly threw a punch. A fist that was like a heavy cannon smashed onto the Gravedigger's lower abdomen. The huge force burst forth, causing the Level 38 Gravedigger, a Gold Boss, to immediately spit out acid and kneel down in unbearable pain.

Shit?

"This Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon has such terrifying strength?"

Qin Qin Sheng's brows twitched. "Even the grave-digging necrophiliac was forced to his knees?"

Qin Sheng didn’t dare to act rashly after seeing the corpse devil looking over. He hurriedly said, "I don’t know the exact details either! When I met them earlier, they had already fallen into depravity and turned into the Ghost Mother Evil Infant. They specialized in picking pregnant women and killing unborn babies, so I killed them.”

Qin Sheng was not bothered by the threat of the ghastly-faced corpse devil's strength and spoke the truth.

“Ghostmother? Evil Infant?”

The ghost-faced corpse devil exploded.

He naturally knew what this meant!

The Ghostmother Evil Infant was a taboo among taboos. No matter what race it was, they hated evil beings that attacked pregnant women and babies that represented their legacies. As long as they encountered one, they would gang up on them and everyone would have the right to kill them.

Besides.

He wanted to turn his wife, a weak woman, into a ghost mother and turn his unborn child into the Evil Infant. During this period, just what kind of terrifying evil technique did he use to cause his gentle, cute, and delicate wife to suffer so much?

Endless corrosion of darkness, endless physical torture, endless mental destruction…

Only by torturing her physical body to the point of collapse, destroying her mental state to the point of collapse, allowing darkness to completely occupy her body, mind, and brain. Furthermore, resentment and evil thoughts would be born. Only then could a woman who was originally full of smiles and hope, who loved children so much, become extremely disgusted with pregnant women and infants, killing them every time.

It seemed like the formation of the Ghostmother Evil Infant had only been a few words, but the darkness and evil within it simply caused one to tremble with fear. There were simply too many bastards that created such evil beings, and even if they died ten thousand times, they would still be unable to cleanse their sins.

That was not all.

This was especially true in the process of the Ghostmother and Evil Infant’s formation. No one could imagine just how much damage the Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil’s wife had suffered. No matter how deep their speculations were, they might not even be a ten-thousandth of the truth.

“Salus!”

The ghost-faced corpse devil let out a blood-curdling roar. “… I… want… to… kill… you…”