Chapter 334: Ghost Face Corpse Demon

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"

In the darkness.

Strange laughter suddenly sounded.

Qin Luo Sheng stopped his pursuit of the necrophiliac and turned to look at the source of the sound hidden in the darkness with a solemn expression.

His powerful sixth sense was now sounding the alarm crazily. The enemy that was about to arrive was extraordinary. It must be a troublesome enemy, far more powerful than the tomb-digging necrophiliac.

As the footsteps got closer, the laughter became clearer.

An ordinary person walked out of the darkness and into Qin Sheng's eyes.

"This is?"

Qin Luo frowned deeply.

There seemed to be nothing special about him, but there was a terrifying power hidden within his thin body that made his heart palpitate. It was hard to imagine just how astonishing it would be once this power erupted!

"Ghost face, kill this brat!"

His arm had been chopped off, his beloved shovel had been kicked away, and the grave-digging necrophiliac had been severely injured. At this moment, he had already flown into a rage out of humiliation. He no longer cared about what he had just said and wanted to give Qin Sheng as a gift to the so-called "lord" he had mentioned. Instead, he was bent on killing him.

"Ghost face? This name fits!"

Qin Luo ignored the barking orders of the crazed dog, the grave-digging madman. This music could be slaughtered at any time, anywhere. His greatest enemy was the unknown existence in front of him, who possessed astonishing power and wore the evil ghost mask. "Detection technique!"

[Ghost Face Corpse Demon (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 50

Health Points:???

Mana:???

Physical attack:???

Magic attack:???

Physical Defense:???

Magic Defense:???

Speed:???

Skills:???

Introduction:???

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Tsk!

What was going on?

A Level 50 Gold Boss?

Was it that exciting?

Dog System.

Are you fucking kidding me?

This is Moonlight Forest, Moonlight Forest! What a bastard! The Level 30-40 area marked on the map is now a Level 50 male?

What else was there to play?

What a joke!

Even if I use Hacking, I can't kill a Level 50 existence at Level 28!

The level difference was as high as 22 levels. It was so big that only one name could be seen. The rest were question marks.

Under the suppression of absolute levels, not to mention a Gold Boss, even if it was an ordinary monster, it would be impossible to defeat it.

It was hopeless!

Wait for death!

Farewell!

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"

Upon hearing the order, the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon did not hesitate at all. With its unique ghostly smile, it charged straight towards Qin Sheng.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng cursed angrily and slashed his sword back without hesitation.

The Holy Flame had yet to be extinguished, and the combination of Holy Strike and Sword Aura was extremely lethal. Even the Gravedigger would lose about 50,000 health points if he was hit.

Yet.

Sword winds howled and sword qi raged.

When it accurately landed on the Gravedigger, it was—

MISS!

A huge MISS. It was eye-catching.

Qin Luo Sheng was not surprised. After all, the difference in level was too great.

Qin Sheng moved his feet at a speed that was enhanced by the Wandering Serpent Steps and Leopard Steps. Qin Sheng, on the other hand, was not at all affected by the Ghost Fiends and easily dodged his attacks.

Except.

Dodging was not an option.

The duration of the buff skill was limited, but the Boss would not stop attacking, especially Undying monsters like the Ghost Face Corpse Demon. They did not know what exhaustion was.

“Are we going to use the same trick to defeat the true dragon again?”

As he dodged at top speed, Qin Luo Sheng took the time to slash a few more times. But without exception, all of them were MISS, making his heart feel cold.

This kind of battle where only the enemy could attack you and your attacks were ineffective had no meaning. It was purely a matter of being crushed and completely exploded.

Now.

Qin Luo was already prepared to give up.

‘ Of course.’

He could also risk his life.

Blessing of Starlight + The embrace of Death!

This combination technique was simply explosive.

It could forcibly reduce the target's attributes by 90%. This way, the Ghost Face Corpse Devil would be completely crippled.

As for whether it would be effective?

This question had never crossed Qin Sheng's mind.

A Rule-level ability that even a True Dragon could not resist, how could a Level 50 Gold Boss be considered weak?

Except.

This skill was overbearing and was prepared for the boss behind the scenes. If he used it now and entered a high CD state, he would not have any trump cards tomorrow.

"Eh, wait, I seem to have forgotten something!"

He did not stop moving and continued to dodge the attacks of the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon. He quickly retracted the [Coiling Dragon Water] in his right hand and searched his backpack.

Right.

It was them!

Two items appeared in Qin Luo's hands.

One was a small ring carved with a fat baby's pattern.

One was a tiny lock that was covered in rust!

This was none other than the Ghost Mother Evil Infant he had obtained from the Evil Infant, the Longevity Lock!

[Ghostmother Ring]

Type: Circle

Grade:???

Effect: Control

Introduction: The target of the Ghost Mother Ring will be enslaved and become the slave of the user (limited to below Epic)

It was a bug-level prop.

Unfortunately.

The grade was slightly inferior. It was only effective for those below the Epic stage.

But.

That was enough.

The Trial Mad Demon was strong, and its rank was also high. It had reached Rank three and 50, but it was still in the Gold rank, and it was still within the effective range of the Ghost Mother Ring.

Instead of using the Lord of the Stars' Rule-level ability and God of Death's Embrace, which was a BUG-level skill, and directly killing the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon, it was better to use the Ghost Mother Ring to control it.

After all, it was a Level 50 Gold-tier Boss. The strength it possessed made even him, a hacker, palpitate. At its current stage, it was practically invincible.

Taming such a powerful subordinate was indeed very useful.

Whether it was used to restrain the Boss, PK, or sweep the players, it was not a problem.

[Broken Longevity Lock]

Type: Longevity Lock

Grade:???

Effect: Curse

Introduction: It was originally an ordinary longevity lock, but because it had been worn by the Evil Infant for a long time, it absorbed endless resentment aura and was filled with an ominous aura and the power of curses. After it became its target, all of its attributes decreased to 1%! (It is only effective for those below the Epic stage, it is ineffective for light type existences)

Like the Ghost Mother Ring, this broken longevity lock was also a bug-level item.

Although the restrictions were similar and only effective for those below the Epic stage, the effects were extremely brutal.

Initially, Qin Luo Sheng had thought that being in a weakened state was bad enough (10% of all attributes), but he had never expected that there would be an even more ridiculous debuff than that.

What did it mean for all attributes to drop to 1%?

Consider Qin Sheng.

Health Points: 400 +, Mana Points: 300 +, Attack: 60 + on the left hand, 130 on the right hand, Defense: 10 + points, Speed almost became a single digit.

Was this even possible?

If not for his level and skills, any level-10 noob monster would be able to kill him.