Chapter 339: 1 Billion Yuan

Qin Sheng did not put the mask back on after putting it away.

After all.

It was obvious that he was telling Sanguine Primrose and the rest that he was the only one eating it.

I'll put it in my backpack for now. It won't be too late to take it out after the Moonlight Forest mission.

"There's still an hour to go. If I don't level up or fight the boss, I'll go back and replenish my stock. It's been three days, and the stock in Hidden Dragon Pavilion should be almost gone."

As he spoke.

He took out the return scroll and crushed it.

The next moment.

Under the guidance of the teleportation formation, Qin Sheng left the gloomy and cold Moonlight Forest and returned to the bustling Star Glory City!

The supplement was simple. He had done it many times and was very familiar with it.

After buying the intermediate potions from the system store, Qin Luo rushed to Dragon Island and replenished a batch of high-grade potions in the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion.

He returned to Hidden Dragon Pavilion and entered the second floor.

Qin Luo Sheng activated the store owner's authority and opened the backstage. Looking at the revenue that had already soared to 1.4 million gold coins, he took out 1.3 million without a word, leaving only 100,000 for operation.

Currently, gold coins were sold at the same price every day. If he kept it in his hands, it would continue to depreciate. The best way to earn money was to use it.

At an extremely fast speed, he went to the other main cities to take a look. Under the double opening of the [Medal of Honor] and [Medal of Courage], the person-in-charge of the City Bureau of Fangdu was very polite. Qin Sheng easily bought a three-storey store in every main city so that he could open a restaurant later.

"Without using Reputation Points as a base, we can directly buy property and shops. This is really awesome!"

After one round, he returned to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. Qin Sheng looked at the businesses under his name and was extremely excited.

There were a total of nine small shops in the nine main cities (similar to Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which had been purchased and was currently being renovated). Nine big shops (three-story pavilions, which were temporarily on hold) were used for business.

Other than that, there were four other residences. They were the mansions of Star Glory City (gifted by City Lord Luo Lin), the Linhai villa of Water Glory City, the villa on the mountain peak of Sun Glory City, and the villa in the forest of Moon Glory City.

"It's a pity that I don't have enough money. If not, I could buy a villa in every main city."

After one lap, Qin Sheng had more than 1.3 million gold coins on him, completely cleaned up.

Buying a shop didn't cost much, but buying a villa, especially a villa with the best location, was different. It was very expensive.

Still.

It was indeed worth it!

At least…

Qin Luo Sheng was very satisfied. He did not feel like he was being slaughtered at all. Instead, he felt that he had gained an advantage.

Every main city was very unique. The most expensive villa district was not only the best location, but also the best place to experience the unique scenery.

For example, the mansion on the peak of the mountain in Sunlight City could not only overlook the entire city, but also enjoy the beautiful sunrise and sunset clouds. Just based on this alone, 300,000 gold coins was not expensive at all.

There was also the forest villa in Moonlight City. Although it could not be compared to Woodlight City, it could attract the moonlight at night. There was also a unique array formation that absorbed the moonlight and installed some villas. It was like a fairytale world, beautiful beyond words.

"Earn money! Earn money!"

Qin Luo was suddenly filled with motivation.

Only the rich could afford such a limited edition villa. Just like now, a villa was priced at 300,000 gold coins, which was equivalent to 300 million yuan.

Such a terrifying price, not to mention ordinary people, even the slightly wealthy bosses would be reluctant to part with it. Only the top big shots had the qualifications and capital to buy it and enjoy it.

Except, of course, for investment.

"It's a pity that there are restrictions in the system. I'm afraid it's to stop real estate developers who are hoarding land and raising prices?"

Qin Luo shook his head regretfully. "However, this has nothing to do with me. Anyway, I only bought this villa for myself, not for investment."

"Nine main cities and nine villas, each with its own unique characteristics. This is definitely a transaction that will never be a loss. Anyway, I am earning a lot of gold coins every day, and I am not short of money in reality. I might as well use it here and enjoy myself first. Living in one house a day and changing the special characteristics every day, isn't it beautiful?"

"But it's true that I spent too much money. 100,000 gold coins is equivalent to 100 million RMB. I spent 1.3 million. In other words, I spent 1.3 billion in just a short while? F*ck!"

After a moment of shock, Qin Sheng calmed himself down.

A shrug.

He looked at the pile of potions and distributed a portion of the super potions that he had bought from Dragon Island. Then, he threw a starlight miracle at the other pile.

After sublimating the potions, he placed them in the warehouse. At the same time, he stacked them in the warehouse. He took out all the equipment that Old Liu had taken from the players and sublimated them.

"There are only five villas left out of my nine villas. It all depends on whether you can sell them or not!"

Qin Sheng, who had performed the Starlight Miracle numerous times in a row, was also exhausted. He resisted the urge to collapse on the ground and moved the upgraded equipment into the warehouse, instructing Old Liu to estimate the price.

Beep beep beep…

He was about to go offline when his communicator rang.

"Eh, Brother Weeping Soul, you didn't go offline?"

Yatu's voice was heard. "Are you free now? I want to order a batch of potions."

"I was about to go offline. You really know how to pick the right time!"

Qin Luo's forehead was filled with black lines. "Have you used up all the potions you bought earlier? Your efficiency is too scary, isn't it? As expected of a big boss. You can even drink such an expensive potion like plain water."

"F*ck, Brother Weeping Soul, can you not be so sarcastic?”

Yatu shouted on the spot, "You know how big my family is. It seems like I have a lot of potions, but I don't even have a few bottles left. I've been saving a lot, but there's only so much left. It's been a few days, and I've only used it up now. I'm already stingy enough."

"…" Qin Sheng was speechless for a long while before he said exasperatedly, "You're really f*cking awesome.—Say, how much do you want? I don't have time for games, hurry up."

"Okay!" Yatu replied instantly. "This is the list. Take a look!"

He switched off the communicator.

Qin Luo Sheng made another trip to Dragon Island to replenish his potions.

Qin Sheng did not have the stamina to continue using the Starlight Miracle, so he took the spare one from the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and traded it over.

"Spatial Jump!"

The chores were done.

Qin Luo Sheng returned to the coordinates where he had logged off with Sanguine Primrose and the rest before leaving the game.

…

The next day!

Qin Qin rose early in the morning.

They went out to buy breakfast and dragged Nannan out of bed to finish the meal together. Looking at the time, it was exactly five minutes to 9 am.

He lay down in the gaming capsule and activated it.

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Qin Luo turned his vision and looked at his surroundings. Instantly, more than a dozen beautiful faces entered his sight. Those burning gazes made him freeze on the spot.