Chapter 333: Strange Approaching

"What an impatient person!"

He attacked with an instant slash, appearing and disappearing unpredictably in an instant. It was impossible to guard against.

At least.

The grave-digging fetishist failed to defend itself and was slashed by Qin Sheng's sword.

"This power is this sacred power. Really, it can't help but make people addicted!"

The divine power of the holy flames was especially effective against evil. It was extremely evil to begin with, and it was natural for it to be able to subdue the necropolis necrophiliac who had fallen into the demonic path.

Yet.

This guy was worthy of his name. He was a necrophiliac. He was really unpredictable and a complete pervert.

Even the parts of the body that were cut off emitted thick smoke due to the burning of the holy flames. The tender flesh of the wounds emitted a sizzling sound like roasted meat. Even the air was filled with the smell of roasted meat and burning hair.

Under this unbearable pain, not only was there not the slightest bit of pain on the Gravedigger's face, but he even looked like he was enjoying it. He was even saying those words that made people shudder, causing goosebumps to appear on their skin.

Oh my god, this was too scary!

"You're really disgusting!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not take it at all. Rather than fighting with this fellow, he would rather fight with a wyrm or a true dragon. "I've changed my mind. It doesn't feel good to even say a word to a disgusting bug like you. Initially, I wanted to get some information out of you and find some information about that so-called 'lord'. But now, it seems that I'd better forget about it. I don't want any clues, and I don't want any information either. So, can you please die quickly?"

"Berserk Strike!"

Straight forward, brazen attack!

This time, Qin Luo Sheng did not use the classic Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab combo technique. He knocked out the opponent first before using this technique. Instead, he attacked directly.

“Brat, do you really not treat me as a human?”

The might of the Raging Blow was strong, but it also had a fatal flaw, which was that it had the prelude to accumulating strength. In the past, he had always controlled the target, which was why he was able to successfully execute it 100%. Now that Qin Luo had given up on his original strategy and was so tough, the success rate was naturally extremely low.

This…

The Gravedigger raised the shovel in his hand and easily blocked [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade.

-32,180!

Even though the attack with the Berserk Strike was blocked, the special injury effect was not triggered, but the damage of the Berserk Strike did not disappear completely. 500% offset most of the damage, and the remaining 200% worked.

Not only that—

Clang…

With a violent and fierce slash, the heavy blade collided with the hastily released shovel, producing a loud metallic sound. Moreover, the Gravedigger’s arm was blown away.

“Do you really think I’m a battle idiot? This kind of direct attack is just to numb you.”

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ferocious as he exerted strength with his left hand. The edge of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] pointed straight at the [Violent Strike] that was executed by the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] earlier. As a result, his body was knocked off-balance by the tremendous force. At this moment, the door was wide open and the tomb raider, who was temporarily unable to defend himself, aimed at the elbow joint of his right hand holding the tomb raider and roared,

"Crippled Violent Strike!" (PS: [Crippled Violent Strike (Epic)] costs 500 Mana Points to activate on a single target and slash out three attacks on the target in an extremely short period of time. The damage is fixed at 200%. If the target's weak point is attacked, the damage will be doubled. If the target's joint is attacked, the damage will be doubled while there is a high chance of triggering the Crippled effect. Cooldown: 3 minutes!)

This was Qin Sheng's first time using this skill ever since he had acquired it.

elbows.

It was a joint, and it met the trigger conditions for the Savage Maul.

Like this.

In addition, it was the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] that was attacking. The talent on this sword was [Army Breaker], and it had the ability to break.

Qin Sheng refused to believe that he would not be able to cut off the hand of the Gravedigger!

-8,5536!

-8,5536!

-8,5536!

He saw…

Shadows fluttered.

The extremely fast Triple Chain Strike had the effect of a second of brutal destruction.

Clang!

There was a crisp sound.

The black shovel, still stained with blood and mud, mixed with corpse water and rotten flesh, fell to the ground along with the Gravedigger’s arm.

Ding… your skill Savage Damage has activated Crippling Effect. The Gravedigger's right hand has been crippled! '

Ding… your [Army Breaker] special effect has been triggered. The Gravedigger's right hand is broken! '

NICE!

Qin Luo was overjoyed when he heard two system prompts in succession.

As expected of an Epic Skill's debut performance, the effects were amazing.

Cripple first, then break.

Slowly, step by step.

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly realized that after combining skills such as Shadow Assault + Shadow Thrust, Shadow Thrust + Berserk Strike, Chop + Extreme Speed Thrust, there seemed to be a new combination skill.

‘ Of course.’

This Combination Technique was only a Combination Technique in the sense of the word. Strictly speaking, it couldn't be considered as one at all. After all, it was extremely unstable and was too easy to trigger.

"My baby!"

How unbearable was the pain of losing a hand?

Yet.

The Gravedigger was shocked, but he wasn’t concerned about his hand. He was more concerned about the black shovel.

"Hey, hey, do you still want to retrieve your weapon in front of me? Are you looking down on me too much?"

Without even thinking, Qin Luo Sheng kicked out with his leg, sending the huge shovel along with his broken hand flying. At the same time, he retracted his right hand that was 【 Coiling Dragon Water 】 and clenched it tightly. Energy floated and formed a virtual dragon head shape on his fist.

“Dragon Fist!”

A powerful punch landed heavily on the body of the necrophiliac. The violent force sent him flying, who was about to bend down to pick up the shovel.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

With two speed enhancements in an instant, Qin Luo Sheng moved like a cunning rabbit and sprinted like a cheetah. His feet moved extremely quickly, like the wind, and the corpse of the pursuer that was sent flying was sent flying.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

First, he slashed with his sword. A broad Blade Aura burst out. It dealt 300% damage and had a Bleeding effect. It accurately landed on the body of the Gravedigger who was still in the air.

"Damn brat!"

The Gravedigger spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. The expression on his face, which had always been either abnormal or not, finally changed. Taking advantage of the moment when Qin Luo Sheng had just unleashed his Sword Qi, his body came to a slight halt. Seizing the opportunity, he took out a bell from his waist and shook it vigorously.

Ding!

Ding!

Ding!

The crisp sound of a bell rang. In this incomparably quiet forest graveyard, it seemed especially strange.

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"

"Hehehehehehe…"