Chapter 336: Gravedigger, Dead

The ghost-faced corpse devil had gone berserk!

Qin Luo Sheng only felt a gust of wind pass by. The next moment, he heard an extremely painful wail from beside him.

He turned around.

Who else could it be but a grave-digger?

At this moment.

This disgusting freak was currently being attacked by the puppet weapon in his hand. Punches after punches rained down on him.

"Stop, stop!"

The grave-digging necrophiliac was being beaten up like a sandbag. His body was wailing, and so was his mouth.

At that moment, he was in an extremely miserable state. There was not a single piece of flesh on his body. His blood vessels were ruptured, his bones were dislocated or shattered, and his internal organs were shattered into tiny pieces. Blood constantly spurted out of his mouth.

"That brat is lying to you!"

The Gravedigger felt that he could still be saved. He screamed crazily in an attempt to disrupt the ghost-faced corpse devil's actions and stop it from continuing to attack. He even tried to turn it against him.

Yet.

He was ugly, but he had a beautiful imagination.

One of them was a righteous human junior. As for him, he was a notorious member of an evil sect that had once threatened his own family. Would the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon believe him?

Perhaps the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon wasn't sure if Qin Luo Sheng was telling the truth, but the Gravedigger could turn his dead body into a puppet and seal his soul in his body, enslaving him forever.

How could the Ghost Fiend Corpse Demon agree with such an evil method?

Also…

The Ghost Mother Ring and Longevity Lock in Qin Luo Sheng's hands were filled with terrifying resentment and curses. It was definitely not something that could be formed in a short period of time.

How old was this young man?

Taking a step back, even if he was old enough to fake it, how could he be associated with the darkness when he had such a handsome and righteous appearance?

All in all, there was only one possibility—

The Gravedigger was lying.

He was the true culprit.

"Salus, you filthy devil, are you still trying to use words to bewitch me at this time?"

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil became even more furious, and the strength in its hands also began to increase. "In the past, I believed that you could keep your promise, but after you killed me, not only did you treat my body and soul cruelly, you actually did such an unforgivable thing to my wife and child…"

"No, no, it wasn't me, it wasn't me!"

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil was filled with killing intent, but it also felt like its body was an arrow at the end of its flight. Its flame of life was like a candle in the wind, about to be extinguished.

This pervert, who was the mastermind behind the cries of children among countless races, the ultimate dark demon who specialized in digging up other people’s corpses and desecrating the dead, was finally panicking.

"Yes, sir. Everything was done by you. It has nothing to do with me!"

The grave-digging necrophiliac wept bitterly. "Back then, it was you who ruined the adults' plan, so the adults sent me to find you and used your wife and unborn child to threaten you to commit suicide."

“Your corpse was transformed by my lord, and your soul seal was also made by my lord. Your wife and child were also refined into Ghost Mother and Evil Infant. You should know that I don’t have the ability to do so. Everything was done by my lord and has nothing to do with me.”

Qin Sheng:…

Your sister.

He had made a mistake.

Was this B still the same silly boy who would subconsciously show respect and admiration whenever he mentioned the so-called "Lord"?

Damn it. If it weren't for this unbearable performance, I would have completely believed it.

Was he really respectful?

When I had nothing to do, I would put on a full show. No one could see through my disguise.

Now that the incident had happened, he had sold it without any hesitation. All the dirt had been pushed onto the "Lord" who was still full of respect just now.

"It's a blessing to have a subordinate like you!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but mock.

Even if it was to save his life, his attitude and face were truly disgusting.

As expected of a pervert who loved digging graves and loved corpses. He had no bottom line, no shame, no dignity, no honor or soul to speak of.

"Salus, I know your situation very well!"

Even though the necrophiliac was begging for mercy, the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon did not waver in the slightest. His face was cold and filled with killing intent as he looked over and said in a cold voice, "Even if you are not the mastermind behind all of this, your sins still cannot be washed away. Not only me and my wife and children, countless people have been harmed by you. What I did not accomplish when I was alive, I want to personally understand and send scum like you to hell."

"Lord, save me, save me!"

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon had steeled its heart, and its will was firm. The Gravedigger was in despair. After a series of desperate cries, there was no reaction. It immediately went crazy and loudly cursed, “I curse you! Curse you! You will die a horrible death! You will die a horrible death! I will wait for you in hell! Before long, my lord will send you down to accompany me! Hahahaha…”

Qin Sheng only felt that it was very noisy as he watched the crazed corpse digging. He pulled out the Coiling Dragon Li Water and wanted to kill him.

Who knew?

Some were faster.

The Ghostface Corpse Devil punched out.

In an instant.

The frantic cries stopped. The head of the necrophiliac exploded like a broken watermelon, splattering red and white everywhere.

Damn!

Wasn't this too brutal?

Qin Qin was somewhat apprehensive.

As expected of a battle between NPCs, all of them had real effects. It was unlike the players who used virtual data to fight. No matter how fierce the battle was, their health points would be deducted. Without the attributes of Destruction, it was impossible to achieve this.

Ding… Level 38 Gold Boss Gravedigger has died. You have received 350W + EXP and 850 Reputation! '

The system’s prompt sounded beside his ear.

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat surprised, but after thinking about it, it made sense.

Even though the Gravedigger was killed by the Ghost-faced Corpse Devil, at least before the Ghost-faced Corpse Devil came out, he had already fought with the Gravedigger for a while and lost a lot of his health points.

Even if it was based on the system's rules, a large portion of the credit belonged to him.

Besides.

The system was not biased either.

Just now, the level 37 Silver Boss had 350W experience points. When it came to a level 38 Gold Boss like the Gravedigger, it still only had 350W experience points.

Obviously.

A part of it had been divided, and not just Qin Sheng alone.

"Thank you, young man!"

After killing the enemy, the Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon silently took a glance. At this moment, it had already turned into a headless corpse excavator. It then turned its head and thanked Qin Sheng sincerely.

"You're welcome. I didn't do anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and rejected the Ghost Face Corpse Demon's thanks. At the same time, he asked, "What are you going to do next?"