Chapter 330: Gravedigger

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 38 Silver Enhanced Boss Corpse King. You have received 350W + EXP and 650 Reputation! '

How terrifying was Qin Sheng when he used his full strength?

The zombie king was already lying on the ground.

In less than 30 seconds, as a tank BOSS, he was dead.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Black Iron Chain * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Corpse King's Heart * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

After collecting, Qin Sheng picked up the dropped equipment.

First clear of the BOSS, one HP was enough. The drop rate was quite high.

But who could explain what a six pieces of gold and silver were?

The Blood Moon Zombie and Ghostmother Evil Infant that he had killed earlier were at least two pieces of gold equipment!

‘ How?’

Was there a point reduction for sponsored partnerships?

"Forget it, at least I have a Gold equipment as a foundation. After sublimation, I will have an Epic equipment."

Qin Luo shook his head gloomily. He performed the Starlight Miracle one by one and sublimated all seven pieces of equipment, receiving a high return of Epic Six Gold. "Unfortunately, this Epic equipment is a shield and can only be sold for money."

He stuffed all his equipment into his backpack and packed it up before continuing on his way.

The appearance of the Zombie King further confirmed his guess. There was probably one Boss wandering outside the Moon Temple every kilometer.

This time, he didn't summon the Ferghana horse in his mount's space to take his place, nor did he run quickly. Instead, he leisurely walked forward.

Nothing else.

They were just waiting for their skills to cool down.

After all.

Just now, other than the side effects of killing the Corpse King, as well as the enhancement skills that had a time limit of too long, he had used all the other usable skills. Ten minutes of CD was just enough for him to hurry on his way.

In any case, they had two hours. As for the Boss, no matter how many there were, it was still the same. At most, they had three to four players. There was enough time, so there was no need to panic.

"I say, if you sleep all day, you'll probably become as fat as a pig!"

As he hurried on his way, Qin Sheng lectured Xiaoxiao, who was lying on his shoulder. Ever since he was born, besides sleeping, he had been sleeping. Was this a dragon? Wasn't it Brother Hyena?

Xiaoxiao: ZZZ ~ ~

Qin Sheng:…

Forget it.

As long as you're happy.

In any case, there aren't many opponents that can make me feel troubled. I don't need you. I'll give you a chance to slack off.

Ten minutes later!

After all the skills had been cooled down, Qin Luo Sheng had walked about a kilometer.

"Is this a graveyard?"

A cold wind howled and ghostly qi pervaded the air. Qin Sheng could not help but shiver. He looked around and discovered that he had unknowingly arrived at a graveyard filled with tombstones.

"Looks like the Boss should be here."

Moonlight Forest actually had a large number of graves. This was definitely not randomly designed. Even if there was no trigger quest, there must be a BOSS here.

Why was he so sure?

He had no choice. He had a strong intuition that he was stubborn.

Besides.

This graveyard was not a law-abiding place. At least within Qin Sheng's field of vision, nine out of ten graves had been dug up. There were also traces of tracts around the graves, obviously left behind by the gravedigger.

What kind of good thing could a grave-digger be?

Those who dealt with corpses were either evil spirits or ghosts. They were definitely on the same level as the Blood Moon Zombies, Ghostmother, and Evil Infant. They deserved to die!

"Hmm… Isn't it those brainless zombies who unintentionally intruded?—This is? The aura of a living person? There's actually someone who dares to intrude into Moonlight Forest? Such guts!"

The sound of chains dragging sounded, similar to when the Corpse King appeared. However, it was different this time because besides the sound of the chains, there was also a sinister and hoarse human voice.

"An intelligent BOSS?"

Qin Luo Sheng's body shuddered as he stared fixedly at the source of the sound.

Ever since they entered Moonlight Forest, this was the first time they had heard someone speak. The monsters from before, be it normal monsters or Bosses, all of them seemed to have no intelligence. They were puppets that were controlled by others, and they would fight to the death when they met. Moreover, they were not afraid of pain, nor were they afraid of injuries. They were extremely crazy.

Now.

Was it finally time for some dry goods?

That made sense.

After all, it was the Moon God Temple, a place that had once worshiped gods. How could it be so simple?

There were many S-rank missions.

Without any difficulty, how could it be worthy of an "S" level?

"D * mn, isn't this too disgusting?"

As the shadows dispersed, the human-shaped Boss was revealed. Instantly, Qin Sheng was shocked.

His stooped body was less than 1.2 meters tall. If it wasn't for the hump on his back, one would have thought that he was a dwarf. He was wearing a tattered bamboo hat and dirty tattered clothes. His hands, which were even darker than coal, were dragging a thick metal chain. On the other end of the chain was a half-rotten corpse. The corpse was covered in mud. It was obvious that it had just been dug out from the grave.

Tsk!

Where did this thing come from?

Qin Qin Sheng almost vomited.

It was fine if the visual impact was too strong, but the main point was that the smell was too strong. It was really difficult to withstand.

He quickly lowered his sense of smell and felt slightly better.

Probing skill!

[Gravedigger (Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 35,000

Physical Attack: 12,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 6,500

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 1000

Skills:???

Introduction: A strange person with an unknown origin who likes to dig up graves and dig up corpses. He spends all his time in various graves and mass graves, digging up corpses. He is extremely disgusted with living people and is obsessed with corpses. In the wild, he will immediately run when he hears the sound of dragging chains. If he can't run in time or see his true appearance, he will turn you into a corpse and bury you in the grave. In a half-rotten state, he will dig you out and add you into his collection.

"What the hell is this?"

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded. He could not believe his own eyes.

There was actually such a weird freak in this world?

It was eye-opening.

It was really eye-opening.

As expected of a fantasy world, it had everything!

I wonder which game designer created this. Should I praise your imagination or complain about your perverted thoughts?

"I can feel a vigorous vitality in your body!"

A pair of turbid eyes under the grave-digging necrophiliac's bamboo hat looked over. The deep and silent gaze made Qin Sheng shudder.

"What an excellent collection!"

Without waiting for Qin Luo's reply, the Gravedigger added, "What a pity. I'm sure Sir will like this top-quality material. I can only give it up."

"Hey, hey, what are you talking to yourself over there?"

Qin Sheng's expression immediately turned cold when he was completely ignored and even talked about belonging in front of him like it was a product. He narrowed his eyes and said, "Do you think I'm made of wood and can't move?"

“Yeah, you’re not made of wood.”

The grave-digging necrophiliac took a deep breath and stared at her with his strange eyes. "So, can you please be good and not resist?"