Chapter 349: Qin Luo'S Anger

"A level 35 Gold Boss?"

Sanguine Primrose shared the information she received from the detection skill with the chat. Even though Sanguine Primrose was still relatively calm, her eyes were filled with a strange light as she panicked, "How is it so strong? This is still a Gold grade Magical BOSS, its health has already reached 1,000,000, as high as seven digits?”

It wasn't just the girls from Rose Society, even Qin Sheng was surprised.

The Chief Zealot of the Moon God Realm.

This fellow was indeed ridiculously strong.

You have to know.

According to the stats, the Moon God's Head Zealot was only an ordinary Gold Boss and was not strengthened.

As a magical Boss, its attributes and health points were too exaggerated.

"This should be caused by the special map of the Moon Temple, right?"

After all, he had experienced too many old birds. With one glance, Qin Sheng could tell where the joints were. "In special places and special dungeons, be it monsters or Bosses, there will be a hidden strengthening. For example, monsters like the Bloodbath Dragon Beast in the Dragon God Trial, the Dragonblood Warrior, the Dragon Speech Master, and so on have all been strengthened."

Still.

That was all.

Although the Head Zealot was a Level 35 zombie and surpassed the Level 37 Corpse Kings and Gravediggers outside, to Qin Luo Sheng, they were all nobodies. There was not much of a difference, and he would be done with it.

"All of you, retreat. After the Priest finishes adding the buff, leave the battlefield immediately."

Qin Luo Sheng held his sword and confronted the Moon God Official. At the same time, he ordered in the chat, "This is a magical Boss. Its attack range is far and wide. You guys should be very clear about it. Be careful, don't be affected by it. Otherwise, with the Boss' 9,500 magic attack, it will be over once we touch it."

It wasn't just the girls from the Rose Society who had to be careful. Qin Sheng himself was also on full alert.

Even though Qin Luo Sheng himself was very fond of magical-type BOSS because the pleasure of slashing was not something that a meat shield BOSS could give, the destructive power of a magical BOSS was correspondingly explosive.

With Qin Luo's current magic defense, if he wasn't careful, he could easily be dealt thousands or even tens of thousands of damage. If he triggered Critical Hit, he could be insta-killed, especially for a ferocious male BOSS like the Chief Zealot of the Moon God who had a magic attack of up to 9,500. That was extraordinarily terrifying.

"Tsk, what an interesting brat. He actually wants to fight me alone?"

Seeing that more than a dozen chicks had retreated, leaving only Qin Sheng standing there alone, the Head Zealot smiled sinisterly. "Indeed, newborn calves are not afraid of tigers! Young man, let this old man tell you a reason. Don't be fooled by your experience. Reality is much crueler than the world you imagine!"

"Oh? What do you mean?" Qin Luo asked with interest.

“Whatever, your young life is destined to wither here today, so there’s no harm in talking to you.”

The Head Zealot said with great patience, "The fact that you guys were able to overcome all the obstacles and slaughter your way here is enough to prove your strength. Perhaps it was because the previous journey was too smooth, so it gave you an illusion that we are nothing much in the temple. But in fact, the Moon Temple has already been enveloped by the barrier. Inside, our strength will increase."

As expected!

The words of the High Priest caused Qin Sheng to narrow his eyes.

Looks like…

He was right!

In the Moon Temple, which could be called a dungeon, monsters were indeed strengthened in secret. It was no wonder that the fallen Head Zealot of the Moon God, a level 35 magic-type Gold Boss, had his health points directly pulled to seven digits.

"You are not the first group to arrive here. There were many scouts and rangers who came before me. Unfortunately, they stopped here."

The Head Zealot sneered and said, "Unlike you young people, they respect this old one quite a bit! This old one only revealed a little bit of information and they completely trusted this old one. They can't wait to dig their hearts and lungs out to rescue this old bone of mine from here."

"You can't even imagine how captivating it was when I passed through their backs and easily pulled out their beating hearts.”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was dark and frosty. "You seem to be very pleased to make use of other people's kindness and trust. You seem to be enjoying yourself?"

“Are you angry?”

The Head Zealot laughed loudly and said, "That's true. With this old man's way of doing things, it's indeed very hard for young people with a strong sense of justice like you to accept. However, this is the cruel part of this world. There's no distinction between good and bad, only the weak and the strong. You either become a person above others, a ruler, or an ordinary person. You become the vassal of the strong and are at the mercy of others. Life and death are not up to you, that's all."

"Forget it, stop talking about those disgusting tricks of yours!"

Qin Luo Sheng could no longer bear to listen on. He raised the tip of his sword and pointed it out. "No matter how much you say, it's just an excuse for the shameless and dirty things you've done. It doesn't matter whether you're saying all this nonsense to mess with my heart or to forcefully explain and reassure yourself. In any case, you're going to die today. Even the Undead Lich can't protect you. I, Weeping Soul, said it."

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Heart of Courage!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

It was crazily augmented.

Qin Luo did not miss a single augmentation skill.

Facing a powerful and cunning Great Zealot, preserving one's strength was courting death.

Against an old fox like this, there was no time for him to react, no time for him to catch his breath. He would directly launch a fierce attack, causing him to be too tired to deal with it and unable to use his brain. This was a vicious plan.

"Old thief, die!"

Qin Luo rushed up immediately after the skill enhancement was completed.

"Hunting Tiger!"

In the face of Qin Luo, who had cast a spell with a wave of his hand, he did not choose to activate Dragon Might. Instead, he used his second ability after leveling up.

He saw…

Behind Qin Luo Sheng, the shadow of a huge divine tiger suddenly appeared. It was domineering as it opened its mouth and roared at the Head Ancestor before it.

Ding… Hunting Tiger's effect activated. The fallen Great Priest of the Moon God has entered 5 seconds of fear, and its attack power has decreased by 30%! '