Chapter 340: A Surprise Treasure Room (1)

"Morning!"

The corner of his mouth twitched slightly. Qin Sheng raised his hand and greeted politely. He did not expect himself to be the slowest this time.

"We've just come online as well!" Sanguine Rose looked at Qin Sheng with a meaningful look in her eyes. "You've indeed worked hard these past few days. It doesn't matter if you're a little late."

"Haha…"

Qin Luo smiled awkwardly but did not reply.

For some reason, he felt that Sanguine Primrose seemed to be hinting at something.

Was there something wrong with everything she saw?

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself.

They had no intention of engaging in a deep conversation. The more they spoke, the easier it would be for them to leak information. Thus, Qin Sheng changed the topic. "Err, since everyone is here, there's no need to waste time. We must enter the Moon Temple today."

With that,

He bore the brunt of it.

He walked forward and led the way.

"Tsk, is the BOSS unique? It's been almost 13 to 14 hours and it hasn't respawned?"

Soon.

Qin Luo and the others walked to where the zombie king was.

In order to lure out the Boss hidden in the darkness, Qin Sheng had even slowed down his steps. However, to his surprise, he did not hear the familiar sound of chains being dragged.

Instantly.

Qin Qin Sheng was in a bad mood.

"What's wrong? Is there a situation?"

Seeing that Qin Luo's speed had slowed down, Lil 'Baihe, who had been following behind him, looked around in bewilderment and tightly gripped the staff in her hand. Her pretty face was filled with nervousness, afraid that a disgusting boss would appear out of nowhere.

"No, nothing so far!"

Qin Luo Sheng paused upon hearing this and replied with an unnatural tone.

His powerful senses told him that a pair of scrutinizing eyes were looking at him.

I didn’t have to think.

It was definitely Sanguine Primrose.

This guy was too smart for her.

Besides.

Qin Qin Sheng even suspected that she might have already obtained concrete evidence and not just based her imagination.

"Indeed, greed causes trouble!"

At this moment, Qin Sheng was regretting his decision.

If not for his greed for the Boss yesterday, he would not have put himself in danger.

Now I just hope.

It was all because he was thinking too much. Sanguine Primrose probably didn't notice anything wrong!

He continued forward.

A few minutes later.

Qin Luo Sheng brought a group of girls to the cemetery, where the necrophiliac was.

"W-what the hell is this place?"

In an instant.

The group of girls panicked and hurriedly "grabbed" the people around them. No matter who it was, they were all shivering as they leaned against each other or hugged each other.

Indeed!

The entire crew was in the most realistic gaming capsule. The atmosphere of the cemetery was really too realistic. Even Qin Sheng had gotten goosebumps when he first arrived here yesterday, not to mention the girls who were naturally timid, afraid of ghosts, afraid of mice.

"Boss, can we leave quickly?"

Seeing Qin Luo stop and stand there "admiring" the unique scenery of the cemetery, the girls who were already afraid were instantly unwilling.

"Let's move to the side and walk through the periphery!"

He had to pass by this cemetery to get to the Moon Temple.

The nearest path was naturally the cemetery. It did not matter to Qin Sheng, but the girls would definitely not be willing.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to make a detour and walk through the small path outside the cemetery.

"Good, good!"

After telling them their thoughts, the girls, who were already at their wits' end, immediately nodded their heads vigorously when they heard that they had to take a detour and not walk through the cemetery. All of them urged them to leave this horrifying place as soon as possible.

"Huh? There's a small wooden house there?"

They left the cemetery and entered the path. After determining their direction, they quickly walked forward.

In less than ten minutes.

They had almost reached the end of the cemetery.

At this moment.

A faint light attracted Qin Sheng's gaze. He turned his head and saw a small wooden hut standing in the cemetery on the right.

Outside the wooden house, there was an old lamp that was emitting a dim yellow light. Beside it, two large moths were dancing.

"Stop!"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly stretched out his hand to stop the large group from advancing.

"I smell a hidden mission!"

Turning around, he saw the confused gazes of the girls. Qin Sheng pointed at the cabin excitedly and asked, "Are you interested in exploring?"

"No, no, no!"

Everyone shook their heads in unison.

Without any discussion or rehearsals, everyone tacitly rejected him.

Hidden mission?

Pui!

Don’t even think about tricking me.

We had just escaped from the horrifying cemetery and changed to the small path outside. Now, they want us to "walk into their trap" and deliver ourselves to their doorstep? Dream on!

"Are you really not going?"

Qin Luo was somewhat speechless.

Big sisters.

This was a game!

Game!

Do you understand?

What are you all afraid of?

Even if he died, he would only lose a level and a few pieces of equipment.

Was it that difficult to just let them go to a cemetery?

Besides.

This is a very likely hidden mission. Don't you want a hidden mission?

"Let's go!"

"Let's go take a look!" Sanguine Primrose suddenly suggested.

"President!"

The cute girl led by Lily looked at Sanguine Primrose in disbelief. Her face was pale and her eyes were grey. That look of despair on her face almost made Qin Sheng burst out laughing.

"Stop fooling around. It's just a game. What are you afraid of?"

Blood Rose and the other big sisters were speechless. They looked at the group of little sisters and encouraged, "There are so many of us. Even if there are dirty things, he should be the one afraid."

After some comforting, the morale of the army was finally settled.

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything else. He led the charge and walked at the front.

In fact, he was the least afraid.

Under normal circumstances, this small cabin should be the residence of the necrophiliac. Yesterday, this thing had appeared in front of him from this location.

Even if it wasn’t, it didn’t matter if the owner of this wooden house was someone else.

It would be great if another BOSS came out to deliver food.

He was worried that he had only eaten the experience of the Gravedigger, a BOSS, yesterday, and he had not even eaten all of it. He had only eaten a portion, and the rest had been snatched away by the Ghost Face Corpse Devil.

Now that he had another BOSS, he could make up for it.

Even though obtaining the Soul Guiding Lamp and the Ghost Face yesterday was already an unimaginable harvest, who would complain about having too many treasures?

Moonlight Forest, where an S-rank mission was hidden, was not easy to find. The more valuable the map was, the more valuable it would be. It would be best if the map was squeezed dry and left no soup for future generations.