Chapter 341: A Surprise Treasure Room (2)

In the cemetery, there was a sinister wind and ghost flames.

Qin Luo took big strides and stomped on the graves one by one without any fear.

This wasn't because he didn't have any respect for them. It was just that these were fake data manifestations to begin with. Moreover, there was nothing under the mound. The corpse had long been dug up by the necrophiliac. It was just an empty grave. There was no need to be overly cautious. Instead, it would delay his time.

"Creak…"

She pushed the door open gently.

Although the wooden house was old and worn out, and the wooden door was the kind that would not collapse, it was actually quite sturdy, just not clean.

There were many marks on the door. It was obvious that it had been knocked on while dragging the corpse. It was either blood and mud, corpse fluids and rotten flesh, or the scratches from the chains. The smell was unbearable and nauseating.

“Eurgh ~ ~ ~ ~”

The mushroom woman did not know anything else. She only saw the dried black blood and the easily recognizable soil. She did not recognize the corpse fluid or the dried rotten flesh.

Even so.

The indescribable disgusting smell still hit them and made them retch.

"If you don't want to enter, then don't come in!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at them helplessly and asked with understanding.

This was not because Qin Sheng wanted to keep the things in the cabin for himself. He was not that shameless.

Previously, it was not because he did not want to share the experience and equipment of the Boss with the girls. It was just to hide the information.

After all.

Two days ago, there were only ten hours of gaming time. Who would believe that there was an additional two hours? He must have just bought the gaming capsule.

As long as he could grasp this point, he believed that anyone with some influence would be able to find out that in the past few days, Huaxia's gaming capsule had been sold to the crowd. Then, he would narrow down the scope and confirm that it was Weeping Souls.

Maybe.

One faction was barely enough, but if a few factions worked together, they would definitely be able to obtain the sales list of the gaming capsule.

If that happened, it would be dangerous.

In the gaming world, Qin Sheng could get whatever he wanted. At least among the crowd, he was the undisputed number one, absolutely invincible.

But once it was transferred to reality, it would be over.

Even though he had undergone an unknown strengthening and his physique was extremely strong, it definitely exceeded the limits of a human and was at the level of a superman. However, he had yet to reach the level where he could dominate the world. Perhaps a mere pistol could take his life.

Even if he had nothing to fear, he still had something to worry about. A monk may run away, but a temple cannot run away. The parents and family of this body, as well as Nannan, who lived in the same house, could he just abandon them?

Qin Luo Sheng would never do something so cruel as to refuse!

So!

He had to hold on!

"You're quite bold!"

Qin Luo entered, but he did not expect Sanguine Primrose to enter as well. "I've rarely seen a girl as bold as you."

"…"

Sanguine Rose did not say anything. She only stared at Qin Sheng with her unique cold gaze, just like a queen staring at her.

"Sorry, I shouldn't have spoken!"

The corner of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched once. He turned his head directly, ignoring this girl who did not know whether she had taken the wrong medicine or was born with such a cold expression.

The wooden cabin was not big. Qin Luo could see everything with a single glance.

The most eye-catching were undoubtedly the various corpses that wore colorful clothes.

Tsk!

It was confirmed!

This was definitely a place for grave-diggers.

Other than that pervert, no one else would have such things.

That guy was also considered an outstanding person. At least in the field of fetishism, even if he wasn't ranked first, he could still be ranked in the top three. What the f*ck, he just had to get rid of the body, he even had to put on colorful clothes and makeup…

Even though Qin Sheng was very bold, he was still a little frightened by this strange series of corpses.

Secretly glancing at Sanguine Primrose, he realised that this girl was even worse than him.

Even though he did not show too much of a reaction, Qin Luo's observational skills were extremely meticulous. He was able to accurately capture the slight twitching on Sanguine Primrose's face, and the frequency of her eyelashes fluttering was also slightly faster than before.

As for the look in his eyes, there was a trace of fear in his usual cold arrogance. Of course, the biggest change should be his pupils. They were locked tightly. This was his subconscious reaction when he saw something terrifying.

"In the end, she's still a girl. Even if she's brave enough, in a situation where even men are afraid of her, her guard is still broken."

Qin Luo was secretly amused, but he did not expose him.

Girls were all petty. The more beautiful they were, the more they were like this.

Especially when her little thoughts and secrets were exposed, she would go berserk.

This was the same for both men and women.

"The smell here is disgusting. If you can't stand it, you can leave!"

Qin Qin Sheng advised him out of goodwill and tactfully gave him a way out.

‘ We’ll see.’

I’m talking about the taste problem, not because you’re scared.

"Don't worry!"

How smart was Sanguine Primrose? She immediately understood what Qin Sheng was trying to say and replied with a single sentence. She did not move, but she still obediently shifted her gaze away from the corpses on the wall.

Fine!

Good intentions were treated as ill intentions.

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and said no more.

Seeing that your boss sent me an S-rank mission and that you’re a good girl and a great beauty, I’ll let it go if you don’t appreciate my kindness. I don’t have the habit of being cold to others, and I’m not one of those bootlickers around you.

Qin Luo ignored the Bloody Rose and continued his search.

Although the Gravedigger was mediocre, his profession was extraordinary. He had dug up countless graves and treasures.

The Soul Guiding Lamp was his, the ghost face was his, and the "terrifying" big shovel was also his.

Putting everything else aside, just the treasure he had on him was enough to show how "rich" he was.

It was not clear whether there were any valuable items in the wooden house, but at least, it was worth spending some time searching for.

Hard work paid off.

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng found what he wanted.

There was a desk with a lamp, a few books, an inkstone, half a block of ink, and two pens on it. Behind the desk was a bookcase with many books on it. Each book looked very dilapidated.

Qin Sheng had no interest in corpses.

wardrobe. He scanned the room with his eyes but found nothing unusual.

The fireplace and the hearth were of little value.

The bed, despite the nausea, was empty.

In the entire house, other than the desk and bookcase, there was nothing else that caught his eye.

Qin Luo walked over, followed by Sanguine Primrose.

Sanguine Primrose looked at the few pieces of paper that were placed in the middle of the table. There seemed to be something written on them.

Since the boss had made a move, Qin Sheng naturally could not fight with her over it. Hence, he reached out and picked up a book from the main table.

Ding… You have discovered the entire Fate Continent map (Remnant). Do you want to record it? '