Chapter 348: Guardian Boss: Moon God'S Chief Priest

"Let's continue. Let's wipe out the normal monsters today. We can even kill the Liches and kill them!"

Qin Luo accepted the 1,300 gold coins that Sanguine Primrose had traded with him, his face filled with killing intent.

It was indeed worthy of being the exclusive point of an S-rank mission. The EXP was indeed high. Even without the Boss, with another seven or eight small maps like the main hall of the Moon Temple, it was almost enough to level up.

"Be careful, there's a situation!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to continue his journey, he suddenly caught a glimpse of a figure standing quietly in the darkness from the corner of his eye. Shocked, he hurriedly called out to the girls behind him.

"Is someone here again?"

An aged voice suddenly rang out beside their ears. It was very soft, but to Qin Luo and the others, it was like a clap of thunder.

“Why is it a group of youngsters who came this time? What exactly are those imperial officials doing? Is this a game, actually sending the children to their deaths?”

He sighed slightly and turned around. His hair and beard were all white and his face was full of wrinkles. Even though his eyes were cloudy, they were full of spirit. On the whole, he looked kind and ruthless, not like an evil BOSS at all.

“Excuse me, but you are?”

Qin Luo was somewhat unsure of the way.

Although this kind-looking old man did not seem like a bad person from his appearance or his words, he did not dare to trust a person easily in this treacherous world, especially in the base camp of the Liches in the fallen Moon Temple.

"Me? I am the Head Deacon of this Moon God Temple!"

The old master smiled indifferently, as if he did not take Qin Sheng's vigilance to heart. On the contrary, he admired his alertness.

"Grand Priest?"

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he came to a realization. This so-called Head Ancestor should be on par with the Head Ancestor. The only difference was that their titles were different. In reality, their status and authority were exactly the same.

"Damn! This is going to be difficult!"

Qin Sheng, who had come back to his senses, had an ugly expression on his face. "Even an existence like the Head Zealot is only a gatekeeper? I had already tried my best to overestimate this dog's Moon Temple dungeon. I didn't expect that the so-called overestimation was still an underestimation."

A single glimpse is enough to know everything.

Based on the main hall of the Moon God Temple and the strength of the fallen Moon God Sacrifice, this S-rank mission had even surpassed SSS's [Dragon Race's Test].

Of course, the prerequisite was that there was no challenge with the Dragon Abyss in a month's time. Moreover, the Dragon God's trial excluded the eighth and ninth trials, as well as the final checkpoint that the Dragon God would personally test.

"Hai, it's really too difficult to jump levels!"

The change in difficulty was not difficult to discover.

That's right.

It was the level.

When he participated in the trial of the Dragon God at that time, the monster simulated by the Dragon God Painting was almost the same level as him. There were no other considerations except for hard strength.

Now, he was only at the entrance of the Moon God Temple. The monsters he encountered were all level 35 and seven levels higher than him. Under such a high level suppression, he naturally felt that the difficulty had increased.

The most terrifying thing was…

The former Head Zealot of the Moon Temple was only the BOSS guarding the first level. One could imagine what kind of terrifying existence awaited them.

As for whether the Head Zealot of the Moon Temple was an enemy or not?

Qin Luo had never considered this.

What a joke.

How could a dungeon manifested from an S-rank mission not be an enemy?

Even though this old man was still calm and talking to them with a benevolent expression, who knew if he would immediately reveal his true colors and suddenly attack?

The Moon Temple was finally gone.

Now.

This was the territory of the evil BOSS, the Lich.

With the intelligence of the Lich, would he really allow the previous owner of this place to live in his base camp and guard the most important gate?

Impossible!

"As far as I know, the Moon Temple has been occupied by the Liches. Head Priest, why are you still alive?"

Qin Qin Sheng did not have the time to be a mushroom. He directly asked the question that would kill the heart.

“Alive?”

The Head Zealot's expression changed from a benevolent expression to one of anger. He roared, "How can you tell that I'm still alive?"

Wasn't he still alive?

Qin Luo was stunned.

Then he realized something.

Even a lackey like the Gravedigger could control the Ghost-Faced Corpse Devil. As the boss's Lich, there was nothing wrong with him controlling the High Priest of the Moon Temple.

"How contradictory!"

Qin Luo said coldly, "He's clearly already dead and has been reduced to the lackey of the Lich, yet he still cares if we're here to die?"

"Your thoughts are very sharp!"

The Head Zealot did not care about the mockery in Qin Luo's words. Instead, he was full of admiration for Qin Luo. "You deduced the truth with just a tiny bit of clues. It seems that you have already gathered quite a bit of information before coming here! Unfortunately—"

"What's a pity?"

"Unfortunately, it's too late!"

The Head Zealot completely tore off his disguise, and his benevolent old face twisted into an extremely malevolent expression. "If you had fled immediately, you might have been able to bring this information out and have the empire send an army to encircle and annihilate you. But now, all of you can forget about escaping."

Qin Sheng:…

Was the old man so hot-tempered nowadays?

Just because of a disagreement, he directly put on a show of changing his attitude?

Alright then.

I would like to see just how confident you are to be able to utter such arrogant words.

Probing skill!

[Fallen Priest of the Moon God (Gold Boss)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 10,000,000

Mana: 350,000

Physical Attack: 3000

Magic Attack: 9500

Physical Defense: 2,500

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 1000

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was the chief priest who served the Moon God. The Undead Lich invaded and the Moon Temple was destroyed. Under the fear of death, he chose to surrender and became the minions of the Undead Lich. However, because the Undead Lich did not trust him, he still killed him and used a secret technique to imprison his soul in his body. Then, he made the corpse into an Undead corpse and used an evil technique to control it. He could never escape and became a tool in his hands.

I see!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the introduction with a look of disdain.

Even the priests under his command could fight to the death for their faith or anything else. They had not been reduced to the minions of the undead lich. As for him, the High Priest of the Moon Temple, the leader of all the priests, he was cowardly and chose to surrender to evil. It was despicable.

Unfortunately.

He didn’t hesitate to degrade himself, going from a high and mighty Divine Temple High Priest to someone else’s eagle hound, yet the other party didn’t take a liking to him, didn’t feel at ease, and still killed him.

What was this?

Would a lackey die a horrible death?

How satisfying!