Chapter 342: A Surprise Treasure Room (3)

Ding… You have discovered the entire Fate Continent map (Remnant). Do you want to record it? '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the hell was going on?

The entire Fate Continent?

Holy shit!

There was such a treasure?

There was such a good thing?

It didn't matter even if it was a map fragment. It was a map of the entire continent!

"Record! Record! This is such a good thing! If I don't accept it, wouldn't I become an idiot?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was completely out of his control, blooming with joy.

Fortunately.

Sanguine Primrose seemed to be immersed in her own world as she held onto a few pieces of paper and studied them intently. If she didn't pay attention to him, she would definitely be exposed.

"Ding… complete map of Fate Continent (Remnant), recorded successfully!"

Qin Luo was in no hurry to open the map and check it. He put down the book in his hand impatiently and picked up another one.

'Ding… Discovered hidden map of the Fate Continent (Remnant). Recorded?

"Record!"

'Ding… Discovered location of the Fate Continent's Great Necropolis (Remnant). Recorded?

???

What nonsense was this?

However…

"Record, record!"

'Ding… Discovered Destiny Continent Monster Catalog. Recorded?

"Record!"

'Ding… Discovered Fated Continent Spirit Herb Catalog. Recorded?

"Record!"

'Ding… Discovered Destiny Continent's Ore Catalog. Recorded?

"Record!"

'Ding… Discovered Destiny Continent Mine Map. Recorded?

"Record!"

Ding… discovered Ancient Language Compendium. Learn? '

"Learn!"

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, you have instantly comprehended the profundity of the ancient language. Your ancient language has reached a proficient level!"

Qin Sheng:…

Indeed.

Every hidden attribute was simple.

Initially, he thought that perception could only increase the proficiency of the skill faster. He never expected it to have such an effect. It was truly a pleasant surprise.

He had just come into contact with a text, and he went from a newbie to an expert?

This was practically cheating!

Sigh!

If he had this ability in the past, he wouldn't have to work so hard to learn English.

Fuck!

'Ding… Discovered Encyclopedia of Dragon Language. Learn?

"Learn!"

"Ding… Due to your high comprehension ability, you have instantly comprehended the profundity of the dragon language. Your ancient language has reached a proficient level!"

'Ding… Discovered Elven Language Encyclopedia. Learn?'

"Learn!"

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, you have instantly comprehended the profundity of Elven Language. Your ancient language has reached a proficient level!"

Ding… discovered Goblin Language Encyclopedia. Learn? '

"Learn!"

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, you have instantly comprehended the profundity of the Goblin Language. Your ancient language has reached a proficient level!"

Ding… discovered Dwarf Language Encyclopedia. Learn? '

"Learn!"

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, you have instantly comprehended the profundity of the Dwarf language. Your ancient language has reached a proficient level!"

…

One book after another, he flipped through them endlessly.

Qin Luo Sheng's face was flushed with excitement. If others were to see this, they would think that he was reading some unhealthy books.

From the desk to the bookcase.

Row after row of ancient books, Qin Sheng had no intention of sparing a single one.

Don't think that these things were useless. When it came to crucial moments, when it came to usefulness, it was even more valuable than an Epic equipment.

Equipment could be continuously exchanged, but knowledge was priceless. Or rather, the value that could bring you was limitless.

The Gravedigger's bookshelf wasn't big either. Other than the languages of more than a hundred races, maps of hidden places, ores, spirit herbs, and other maps, there was basically nothing else.

‘ Of course.’

Based on the nature of grave-digging necrophiliacs, there must be something else.

For example, the puppet crafting technique and transformation technique included the detailed method to create the Ghostmother Evil Infant, which was extremely cruel.

There were also sealing techniques, talisman techniques, corpse controlling techniques, and so on.

After all.

The grave-digging necrophiliac spent his days digging graves for pleasure. He often walked by the riverside, so how could he not wet his shoes? He would eventually encounter something dirty, and he naturally knew these life-saving spells. Otherwise, he would have long been slaughtered by something guarding the tomb.

"Gravedigger, a good man!"

After flipping through all 100 books, Qin Sheng looked at the countless languages he had learned, the countless illustrations he had collected, and the various abilities he had learned. His face was almost bursting with laughter.

This little wooden house was simply a treasure trove.

Gravedigger was definitely the most bold, generous, and knowledgeable boss in history.

First, it was the Soul Guiding Lamp, the ghost mask, and the big shovel. Now, there was such a huge inheritance!

Qin Luo Sheng was very glad that he had not listened to a bunch of chicks before. Otherwise, if he missed out on this little wooden hut, only the heavens knew how much wealth and future he would miss!

"Did you find anything?"

At this moment.

Sanguine Rose, who had been researching information, woke up from her trance. She was stunned when she saw the radiant smile on Qin Sheng's face. She had originally thought that he was an iceberg, but he actually had such a side to him. She was caught off guard and felt that something in her impression had shattered.

"Nothing!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately retracted his smile and replied in all seriousness, "These books are all illustrations and languages. There's no information about this mission."

This was not a lie. After all, these books were all placed here, and they would know after flipping through them.

“Really?”

Sanguine Primrose was a little suspicious. Regardless of whether she had offended someone or not, she picked up the book in front of Qin Sheng and flipped it open. "No reaction!"

"That's impossible. When I flipped it open just now, there was a notification from the system!"

Even though he was very displeased with Sanguine Rose's distrustful behavior, Qin Sheng still endured it. Upon hearing her words, he frowned on the spot, picked up a book, and flipped it open. Indeed, he did not open anything else.

"Could it be that these things are all unique?"

Qin Luo could not help but guess. He then said to Sanguine Primrose, "Show me the information in your hands!"

Sanguine Primrose furrowed her brows and hesitated for a moment before handing over a few pieces of paper filled with information.

"As expected, nothing happened!"

After receiving the message, Qin Luo did not receive any prompts. He lowered his head and looked at it directly. "I can't see anything with my naked eye. This is definitely blocked by the system!"

“No need to guess. Everything is unique.”

He handed the paper over to Qin Luo and said, "There's no reaction when you take the books I've read. There's no reaction when I take the information you've read. Not only is there no notification from the system, but even when I look at it with my naked eye, it's all blurry and I can't see a single word."