Chapter 345: Fallen Moon God Priest

"Don't worry!"

Seeing more than ten pairs of eyes that wanted to eat him alive glaring at him, even Qin Luo, who was bold, broke out in cold sweat. RBQ, RBQ!

“As long as there is no system prompt to activate the real battlefield, everything will remain in orbit.”

How could mortals withstand such a death stare?

Qin Luo hurriedly explained, "No matter how realistic this game is, it's still a game after all. We still have to follow the rules of the game. It's just an S-rank mission. It hasn't risen to the point where it's out of the system's control."

This was indeed the case.

If it had not been for the fact that he had entered the Abyss Mode difficulty trial dungeon in the beginner village and directly activated the real battlefield, there was really nothing to be afraid of.

The real battlefield was the same as reality. This meant that not only did all battles become real, but all other aspects were the same.

For example, the monster would no longer have any regional restrictions. It could act according to its will and go anywhere it wanted to go. It could kill anyone it wanted to kill and do whatever it wanted.

And without a real battlefield, it didn't matter.

Monsters or monsters, virtual battles were still virtual battles.

Monsters would always wait for players to search for them and kill them in areas that were restricted by the system. Or, they would kill players who overestimated themselves and came to challenge them. They were just like tools and could never be rid of.

On the other hand, the virtual battle was still displayed according to data. With attribute data as the main attribute, even if there were countless attacks that should have been fatal, it was still unable to instakill. At most, it would only give a weak point damage bonus.

Just like that.

What was there to fear about Qin Luo?

"Let's go. Since we've already intruded, let's not waste any more time!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], his face filled with excitement as he led the way in front. "I've seen it from the outside just now. This Moon Temple occupies an extremely large area, and it's not a temple. Instead, it looks like a huge palace complex. This is only the main entrance, or rather, the starting point. The road behind is still long."

The main hall of the Moon God Temple was extremely spacious and luxurious. Even though it was declining now, from the layout of the main hall and the size of the statue, one could imagine its former glory.

"Something's happening!"

As long as one wasn’t blind, they would be able to see the Moon God Statue that was tens of meters tall. As for whether or not they could see it clearly, that would depend on their eyesight.

The statue was a big target and easy to spot. That was no problem.

However, the monsters wandering in the main hall, thanks to their size and the cover of the environment, coupled with the low visibility of Qin Sheng and the others, were only discovered when they were within 20 meters of them.

"Be on your guard. I'll scout ahead and find out the monster's background!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not explain much and directly snatched away the job that was supposed to be a bandit. He activated "Concealment" and entered into a concealed state, slowly moving forward.

Probing skill!

[Fallen Priest of the Moon God (Enhanced Three-Star Elite)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 500,000

Mana: 80,000

Physical Attack: 1,500

Magic Attack: 5,500

Physical Defense: 2000

Magic Defense: 1,500

Speed: 800

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was a sacrifice to serve the Moon God. Due to the destruction of the Moon Temple, all of them died in battle. After their death, their souls were imprisoned by the Lich of the Undead using a secret technique. The corpse was then made into an Undead Corpse, and the evil magic was channeled into the evil power, causing it to degenerate and become a tool to stop outsiders.

A Level 35 Enhanced Three Star Elite monster?

Qin Qin Sheng was rather surprised.

This Moon God Temple dungeon was not as simple as he had imagined!

"What should we do now?"

After sharing the attributes of the fallen Moon God Priest in the chat, Sanguine Primrose frowned and bit her lips as she said: "Too strong, this is not a quest that we can complete right now."

Qin Luo was silent.

"At the start, the monsters were all level 35. They were about 10 levels higher than us. If we grit our teeth, we can still deal with them."

Sanguine Primrose continued: "But the monsters at the back, once their level surpasses the threshold of level 10, our fighting strength will be greatly reduced. Especially when facing a BOSS, we won't even have the strength to resist."

Qin Qin Sheng agreed.

That was the mechanism of the game.

Killing monsters above your level would indeed bring you great benefits. Not only would the EXP be sufficient, the drop rate would also correspondingly increase. Otherwise, even if Qin Luo Sheng had high Luck Points and it was also the first time he had killed a monster, it would definitely not be as explosive as five or six or seven pieces of equipment dropped by a Boss.

But while the benefits are high, so are the risks and difficulties.

Level suppression was a comprehensive suppression.

Even for a hacker like Qin Sheng who was so focused, his attacks were often MISSed when he fought monsters in Moonlight Forest. Unless he activated Skywolf and had an absolute Critical Hit, even if the interface had a 70% Critical Hit chance, the trigger rate was still very low.

Not just that.

There was also the triggering rate of negative effects, the time needed to control the effects, and so on. There would be a certain reduction.

In fact, this was normal.

If there were no such restrictions, players could go back on their word and play shameless tactics. They could pull a group of people and use control skills one by one. That way, they could limitlessly control strong monsters or Bosses. That way, they would completely lose their balance and still have to play balls?!!

Ten levels!

The highest level was 10 levels. Basically, this was the limit that players could reach.

Once the level gap exceeded the 10th level, even if it was Qin Luo's stats, he would be hit by MISS at least eight times out of ten attacks. The remaining two successful hits would also greatly reduce the damage.

This was the terrifying level suppression!

“That’s enough. Don’t boost others’ morale and ruin your own. Don’t you still have me?”

Seeing that the morale of the entire team was low, even though Qin Sheng had never thought of asking them for help, he was still a group of girls after all. Hmm, pretty girls. He could not help but comfort them. "Just lie down. Leave the rest to me."

What did it mean to lie down properly?

Sanguine Primrose and the rest couldn't help but roll their eyes.

Originally, it was the best opportunity to gain a good impression of him. However, he had to give such a harsh "threat" and completely ruin the good impression he had. He was truly a f*cking loyal person who would definitely be single for life.

"Alright!"

As soon as the words left Qin Luo Sheng's mouth, he realized that something was wrong. Although he was a straight man, he was not a fool nor did he lack emotional intelligence. It was just that he had gotten used to the lifestyle of a loser and could not change it at the moment.

Since he had already offended them, he might as well offend them to the end!

Anyway, it was not a big deal.

Thus…

He swept his cold gaze across them and said mercilessly, "Do you have any better ideas?"