Chapter 346: Sanguine Primrose'S Grief

"Do you have any better ideas?"

The moment Qin Luo Sheng asked the question, silence fell.

Everyone carried flowers and sedan chairs.

This was the world.

You flatter me, I flatter you.

It was a win-win situation for everyone.

Except.

This was because both parties had their own needs, and their statuses were similar or equal.

Now it was Rose who would ask for his help, not him.

As the saying goes, without desire, one will be strong.

If he could not threaten Qin Sheng, why should he be afraid?

Girl?

So what if she was a girl?

Are girls not humans?

He was not a bootlicker. Why should he care about their thoughts?

Everyone worked together to get what they needed. That was all.

I didn't despise you for being useless and dragging you down. I'm even willing to lie down with you to gain EXP, equipment, and complete missions. What else do you want?

Was he going to fly?

"No!"

The girls who were rendered speechless by Qin Sheng's question looked at each other awkwardly.

In fact.

There was really nothing they could do. Besides standing aside and watching, what else could they do as an insignificant cheerleader shouting 666 to the big boss?

Such a situation was not only discovered in the Moon Temple.

Ever since he had entered the Moonlight Forest and decided to cooperate with Qin Sheng to share this S-rank mission, it had been the same all along the way.

In the beginning, they could still organize themselves to fight, but later on, they became even more useless and could not interfere in the battle at all. When they met the Boss, they could only watch and worship the Boss at close range.

"Hmph!"

The top tier guild of the Primrose Militia that he had led was treated like a flower vase. This made Sanguine Primrose, who had always had lofty ambitions, extremely unhappy.

Yet.

Displeasure aside,

Reason told her how cruel reality was.

If it was anyone else, Sanguine Primrose would have exploded by now.

But.

She did not dare to act rashly in front of Soul Sob, this super powerful big boss who was impervious to both soft and hard tactics.

Most importantly.

This S-rank hidden mission was really too important, be it for her or for Rose Society.

At the moment, the only key to completing the mission was Weeping Souls. This man before her, who made her feel very complicated, could only endure it temporarily no matter how angry she was.

So be it.

Humph.

I won't stoop to his level.

I'll kick you after I use you.

‘ You bastard who’s supposed to be alone. I’ll let you get cocky.’

"If you have a buff that can work on me, use it directly. Don't worry about OUT. As for the others, do as you wish, but don't run around. If you provoke the aggro of monsters, you will be responsible if you are killed."

Since they had already spoken, Qin Sheng no longer cared about saving face.

Probably.

It was just this cooperation. Even if they met in the future, they would no longer be teammates. There was nothing to be embarrassed about.

Besides.

This was a huge matter that concerned the completion of the mission, and it could not be taken lightly.

Neither Sanguine Rose nor Qin Sheng wanted to fail the mission.

Even if they had different goals, the solutions they wanted were the same!

"Archer, use Eagle Eye."

In the profession led by the Priest, a few girls obediently cast enhancement skills on Qin Sheng. At the same time, they ordered the two girls in the team, "Shoot as far as you can. Don't be afraid of attracting the attention of the monsters!"

The two girls nodded. Their execution was strong. They immediately loaded their bows and aimed at the sky.

The next moment.

On the left and right, two eagle cries sounded. Arrows carrying brilliance exploded in the air, as if flowers were blossoming, their forms like eagle eyes opening.

The dim hall was suddenly illuminated by the light, attracting the originally silent and wandering Moon God Priests.

In an instant.

Around twenty fallen priests of the Moon Goddess found Qin Sheng, who was standing closest to the front, and immediately approached him.

"Be careful, don't move. I will attract these monsters!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to charge forward with his sword. "The fallen Moon God Priest is a magic-type monster. It has high magic attacks and has a level suppression advantage. Basically, it will be instant kill. Don't be careless."

"Shadow Assault!"

Qin Luo activated the two augmentation skills of the Swimming Snake Movement Technique and the Heavenly Wolf Movement Technique. With a teleport, he aimed at the fallen Moon God Priest who was closest to him and slashed at him.

It was just an ordinary three-star Enhanced Elite monster. They did not need to use their full strength. Two augmentation skills, one speed increase, one attack increase, and a few enhancement skills from their teammates were enough to torture them.

This was to clean up the miscellaneous troops. They shouldn't use the same method as a BOSS to deal with them.

Amplification skills had a cooldown period. During the cooldown period, was he supposed to fight barehanded or just wait?

The best way of fighting was naturally to use the augmentation skills alternately.

"The power of this sword cutting into flesh is really awesome!"

Under the effects of Dragon's Might, the fallen Moon God Priest, whose attributes were not strong to begin with, had all attributes decreased by 10%. Qin Sheng's damage was naturally extremely explosive. This damage number was no less than five digits, and the top five digits were at least three.

"Isn't this too ridiculous?"

A group of girls and cheerleaders stood at the back and watched Qin Sheng export without restraint. All of them widened their eyes in disbelief.

"The lowest damage is at least 30,000, and the critical hit is more than 67,000. Also, isn't this negative effect too much? Corrosion, bleeding, chaos, fear, stun… Is this still a human?"

"Didn't you all watch him fight before? Why are you so surprised?"

"This is different, okay? Previously, when he was dealing with normal monsters, he did not use his full strength. And when dealing with the Boss, he used all his strength. Now, I see that he only used two augmentation skills. To be precise, there is only one attack enhancement, but the damage is so terrifying. You should know what I am trying to say."

The girls were silent.

"You're wrong!"

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose's voice rang out in the ears of the girls, "What you guys see is only what he wants you to see.”

What did that mean?

This tongue twister made the girls confused for a moment.

“You mean he’s hiding his strength?”

Bold but cautious. In reality, this was a company's general manager, Blood Rose. Her brain was quick to process the meaning behind Sanguine Primrose's words as she carefully asked: "This can't be, right? Previously, dealing with the BOSS was as easy as killing a chicken. That attack, that speed, this is still a hidden strength? This is too exaggerated! I… don't… believe!”