Chapter 343: The Secret Of The Moons Temple

"…I can't see a single word."

Hearing this, Sanguine Primrose hurriedly lowered her head to take a look at the book in her hands. Even though every single page of the book was filled with words, she was still unable to make out any of them.

There was no other explanation for such a strange situation.

"Let's go. This place is already worthless!"

The cabin was only so big. The other places had been explored long ago. Even the rows of disgusting bodies had been examined with a detection spell, but nothing out of the ordinary was found. The only thing that had been found was the desk and bookcase. They had already drained their value. "Let's go out first. Don't let them wait outside. As for the rest, we'll talk on the way."

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and took the lead to leave.

"How about sharing information?"

Before Qin Luo could speak, Sanguine Rose's beautiful eyes swept over and asked bluntly, "I have information about the Moon God Temple and the cause and effect of the incident."

"It's a pity that all I have are languages, illustrations, maps, and so on. I can't share them at all!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and replied sincerely.

In fact, that was indeed the case. He was not lying.

Whatever he obtained, no matter what it was, could not be shared.

‘ Of course.’

It was not a problem to insist that it was possible, but it was not realistic at all.

Take the Monster Catalog for example. One Monster Catalog could only share one copy at a time, and not the entire book. There were at least tens of thousands of pictures. How much time would it take to share them one by one?

"F*ck!"

Qin Sheng could not help but frown when he saw the disbelief on the girls' faces.

Was his character that bad?

None of them believed him?

"I believe you!"

Initially, he thought that the cute girl Lily would be the first to support him. Who would have thought that it would actually be Sanguine Primrose.

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his ears.

This cold and arrogant girl had a super high IQ. She was always suspicious and scheming. How could she be the first to show her trust?

Unfavorable!

"I can't share the information either!"

Sanguine Primrose gritted her teeth when she saw Qin Luo's unacceptable expression. Rolling her eyes at him with a frosty expression, she said coldly, "I can only pass on the information to you!"

Oh!

So that was how it was!

Qin Luo understood.

It was no wonder that Sanguine Primrose understood his difficulties. Even she herself had encountered such a situation!

"Time is tight, let's talk as we walk!"

Qin Luo nodded.

He continued to act as the "leader" and took the lead to head towards the direction of the Moon God Temple.

"There's quite a lot of information recorded, so I'll keep it short."

Sanguine Primrose did not speak directly, instead using voice chat, she said: "Everyone should know about the origin of the Moon Temple from the quest introduction right? I will not go into detail here. What we are concerned about is the downfall of the Moon Temple, this is the key to our quest.”

"Back then, the Moon God sent down a Moonlight God Stone to illuminate the night sky, causing demons and monsters to have nowhere to hide and thus be destroyed by humans. The foundation of the Moon God Temple was the Moonlight God Stone. This stone contains extremely powerful energy, and because it can quickly absorb the moonlight and store it, demons and monsters drool over it."

"However, the Moonlight God Stone is the Moon God's possession after all. It possesses extraordinary divinity, and there are countless believers of the Moon God in the Moon God Temple. It is extremely powerful, and even if the evil forces covet it, they are unable to break through the temple's protective array."

"There was a Lich who had to use powerful Necromagic in order to attack a country. However, he wasn't strong enough, so he set his sights on the Moonlight God's Stone that could store huge amounts of energy."

"Under the plan of the Undead Lich, they gathered a large number of monsters and attacked the Moon Temple. Unfortunately, they were blocked by the protective array. Not only did they return empty-handed, but the Moon God Priest seized the opportunity and used the power of the array to counterattack, causing them to suffer heavy losses."

"In order to break the array, the Lich found the owner of the wooden house. The person who wrote this message asked him to use a special treasure to break the foundation of the protective array of the Moon Temple and break the foundation of the Moon Temple. This allowed the Lich to invade and occupy the Moon Temple."

At this point,

Sanguine Primrose couldn't help but glance at Qin Sheng, feeling uneasy as though there was a dagger on his back.

If he had not been leading the way at the front, he would not have been able to see Qin Sheng's face at all. Perhaps Qin Sheng, who had not mastered the technique without a change in expression, would have broken through his defenses under that burning gaze and revealed an expression that he should not have.

Qin Sheng understood Sanguine Rose's gaze very well.

The so-called special treasure she was talking about, the big treasure that had broken the temple's protective array formation's foundation, was definitely the big shovel in the hands of the necrophiliac.

This thing was both a weapon and a spirit treasure.

After sending off the Ghost Face Corpse Devil and his family yesterday, Qin Sheng had cleaned up the battlefield. Not only had he swept away all the equipment and coins dropped by the Graveyard Devourer, but he had also put away the large shovel in his hands, which he had cut off earlier, into his backpack.

Except.

As he was busy replenishing goods for the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and then running around to other main cities to buy shops and villas, he was delayed and forgot about this matter.

This…

It was only after Sanguine Primrose mentioned it that he suddenly remembered.

Not only were the shovels neglected and forgotten, but even the normal equipment dropped by the Zombie King and the Gravedigger were all piled up in his backpack.

“The Moon God Temple lost its protective spell formation, so it naturally couldn’t defend against the invasion of so many demonic creatures. All of its sacrifices were killed. As a result, the Moon God Temple was reduced to a paradise for demonic creatures.

"Even though the Undead Lich attacked the Moon Temple, the counterattack of the many priests of the Moon God made him seriously injured and it was difficult for him to recover in a short time. Therefore, he put aside his plan to attack the country and hid in the temple to recuperate."

"The owner of the cabin was ordered by the Lich to excavate the tombs and search for the burial items of those important people in hopes of finding treasures and elixirs that could heal him.

"This is all the information recorded!"

"After that, the major forces came to search for the news of the Moon Temple's fall. Unfortunately, they found nothing and returned empty-handed. Even the scouts could not return. They were all killed by the Liches. Their corpses were taken away by the owner of the wooden house and turned into puppets. They were the ones we saw in the wooden house."

"With no other choice, the officials entrusted the mission to the Mercenary Guild. The Mercenary Guild directly issued this mission. As for us, we were lucky enough to receive this mission. Now, we have arrived here."

Qin Sheng:…

All the girls: o (⊙ ▽ ⊙) o