Chapter 344: Change Of Mission: The Temple Of Purification

Holy shit!

Big sister, can you not use such a calm tone to say such a terrifying 'tiger and wolf' word?

It was clearly an extremely dangerous place. Why did it become so indifferent when it came from your mouth?

Even the officials couldn't do it, and they had to give it to the Mercenary Guild. The big shot NPCs of the Mercenary Guild couldn't complete the mission. Now that we were about to reach our destination and enter the headquarters of the Lich, who could even attack the temple, why were you so heartless and not nervous at all?

"Hai, forget it, that's all!"

Qin Luo Sheng was immediately defeated and instantly shut down. "In any case, we can't give up no matter what. Why should we care so much about him? It doesn't matter how they do it. As long as I, the main combatant, have a B in my heart, it's fine!"

"What do you have in mind?"

Sanguine Primrose turned to Qin Luo and asked.

What thoughts?

What thoughts could I have?

Qin Luo Sheng said in a speechless manner, "So be it!"

The girls:…

Although what you said is very correct, why does it sound a little strange?

They left the cemetery and continued forward!

This time, they did not encounter anything strange, nor did any wandering BOSS come out to block their way. Instead, it was Qin Luo Sheng and the girls from Sanguine Rose who were disappointed.

Even though they hated Moonlight Forest, the Boss was really fragrant. It had extremely high EXP and high drop rate. Every time it was killed, there would definitely be at least one Gold equipment.

Gold equipment was the most popular equipment in the market!

Even though they were the elites of the Rose Society and had a lot of bootlickers around them, they were still not fully matched.

‘ Of course.’

Most importantly, these disgusting Bosses did not need them to do it themselves. Naturally, there were super fighters beside them who could easily solve the problem. They only needed to watch the battle and shout 666. What was there to be unhappy about?

"The Moon Temple is right ahead. Everyone, dismount and be careful."

Since there was no Boss, Qin Sheng decided to go all out and directly summoned the Ferghana horse to save energy.

As for the girls from the Rose Association, they were a bunch of tycoons with basic gaming capsules. Naturally, they would not fall behind in terms of hardware that could be updated with money. Every one of them was the best equipped Ferghana horse. Furthermore, they were skilled in riding horses and easily spurred their horses to follow behind Qin Sheng without falling behind.

"Be careful where you stand, but don't have too many people. Be wary of getting caught in one fell swoop!"

Qin Luo retrieved the Ferghana horse and looked at the Moon Temple, which was less than 500 meters away from him. He instructed carefully, "Don't let your guard down in the base camp of the Lich."

He focused his mind and slowly felt his way in.

It took Qin Luo and the others nearly ten minutes to cover the short distance of 500 meters.

"Strange, why is there no defense around the Moon Temple?"

Qin Luo was not the only one who found this strange. Sanguine Primrose was the same as well.

According to the information, the Undead Lich was not easy to deal with. Not only was he powerful and cunning, but he was also good at scheming.

He had led the army to attack the Moon God Temple and suffered serious injuries. According to common sense, he should have strengthened his defense. It was impossible for him to make a decision on his own and weaken his own defense. It was even possible that he had no defense at all.

Was this a trap?

Or—

Did the Lich think that he would be safe after destroying a few waves of scouts and deter the enemies from attacking again?

"The mission has changed!"

At this moment.

Sanguine Primrose suddenly spoke, breaking the silence.

Seeing that the mission had been shared on the chat channel, Qin Luo hurriedly looked over—

[Mission Title: Moon Temple

[Mission Introduction] It was rumored that in ancient times, demons ran rampant, humans suffered but did not survive, demons and monsters ran rampant across the continent. People sought help from the gods, and the Moon God took pity on them and bestowed them with Moonlight God Stones. Moonlight illuminated the land, causing demons and monsters to appear and be killed by human heroes. In order to be grateful to the Moon God, people specially built the Moon Temple in the land where the demons and monsters were exterminated, and they consecrated the Moonlight God Stones in the temple. As time passed, the Moon God's miracle was no longer visible, and the Moon God Temple gradually lost its spirituality, causing a change.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Entering Moonlight Forest (Completed); Stage Two—Searching for the Moon Temple (Completed); Stage Three—Purifying Moon Temple (Incomplete)

[Mission Difficulty] S

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

What did that mean?

Everyone was confused.

The second phase was completed. This was very easy to understand. There was nothing wrong with activating the third phase of the mission. However, this third phase of the mission was very strange and he did not give a definite explanation. It was really a headache.

"Based on the current situation, as the name suggests, the purification is in two aspects. The first is to clean up the mess in the Moon Temple, which is to destroy the evil spirits that attacked the Moon Temple with the Lich. Of course, this is the official title. In the eyes of us players, they are all monsters, the kind that drop equipment for EXP."

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and expressed his opinion. "Secondly, I don't think I need to say anything more. The filth of the Moon Temple is due to the undead lich. Destroying him is the greatest purification of the Moon Temple."

"That should be the case!"

In fact, other than this explanation, there shouldn't be any better ideas.

Sanguine Primrose and the others weren't newbies, they were veterans who had experienced many games before. They had done countless quests like this.

Having experienced many things, he naturally understood many things as well. He very much approved of Qin Sheng's analysis.

Even though Fate Dimension was not comparable to those trashy games in the past, the difference was only an additional virtual world. The core of the game should be the same. The gameplay should be similar.

"Guessing is useless. We'll only know after we enter."

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and kicked open the closed door of the Moon God Temple.

Bang!

Due to the lack of maintenance and the corrosion of time and war, the main entrance of the magnificent temple had already been destroyed. Qin Sheng kicked it over and heavily smashed it on the ground with a loud bang.

Sanguine Primrose:…

The girls were speechless.

Big boss.

Can you not be so high-profile?

After all, this was their territory. Could you please give them some face?

The ten of us are very weak. We have thin arms and legs. We don't have much combat power. Not everyone is like you.

Wasn't it nice to hide inside and find a monster to kill?

He was so arrogant. If he woke up the Boss and gathered his underlings to attack him, wouldn't he be done for?

Tsk! ~ ~ ~