Chapter 347: The Silent Rose Society

"Are you exaggerating?" Sanguine Primrose's beautiful eyes were fixated on the twenty or so fallen Moon God Priests surrounding her. She leisurely strolled around, dodging with ease and at the same time counterattacking frantically. Her expression was extremely complicated as she continued, "I feel that I might have underestimated him. A man who can slay a dragon, a legendary figure who has stirred the winds and clouds ever since he entered the world of destiny, it is not too much to overestimate him."

These words caused the proud and arrogant elite girls of the Rose Society to be filled with disbelief.

Aren't you exaggerating too much?

From the looks of it, it had already surpassed the scope of players, right??

Weeping Soul was very strong.

They admitted it, but they would never admit that Weeping Soul’s strength was far beyond their own dimension.

“It’s only natural that you all don’t believe me. In fact, I don’t believe you either.”

Sanguine Primrose bitterly smiled: "However, my rationality tells me that all of this is true. Ever since I was young, my analysis has never been wrong. At the very least, don't forget that he has personally defeated an Ancient BOSS before!"

The moment he said that.

In an instant.

Everyone fell silent. Even the girls who were most unconvinced did not say anything.

‘ Yeah.’

In front of absolute results, nothing could be said.

How could a man who could kill an Ancient BOSS alone and slay a dragon head-on be as simple as they thought?

"Don't be discouraged. This man is a pervert, a bug!"

Sanguine Primrose had no choice but to calm the girls down, "Our target isn't him, it's the other guilds, especially the first ranked East Imperial Pavilion and the second ranked Dominating Heaven Guild.”

"These two guilds have been ahead of us for too long. In the past, we had no way to deal with them as they have too deep a foundation. However, things are different now. It's not surprising for anything to happen in the world of destiny."

Will was recovering, morale was rising.

Sanguine Primrose struck while the iron was hot and said: "So what if he is strong? Only when he has enough strength will he be able to dominate the world. At that time, even if Weeping Soul Beast is unrivalled in a 1v1, we can still crush him with our numbers."

"Moreover, Weeping Soul Beast only took the initiative. In terms of true strength and potential, we are not inferior to him. Moreover, he does not have as many resources as us. As time passes, how can we lose to him?"

"In the later stages of the game, everyone's equipment will be formed and their skills will increase. The gap between us and him will be infinitely smaller. At that time, we might be able to defeat him in a one-on-one fight."

None of the girls said anything.

Yes and no.

Everyone had a balance in their hearts.

Sanguine Primrose's words of encouragement seemed to make sense, but in reality, it was just empty talk.

So what if they had reached the later stages of the game? Could they really solo a Boss by themselves? Furthermore, it was a Boss that was beyond their level!

No!

This was the difference!

This was the chasm!

The so-called victory over Weeping Soul Beast in a one-on-one fight was just to comfort himself.

In fact, the most reliable tactic of a sea of people was the absolute victory method that they had believed in without a doubt. Ever since they encountered the Weeping Soul Beast, it was unknown if it would really work.

The world of destiny did indeed give people unlimited hope and opportunities. Similarly, it would also make one feel endless disappointment and despair.

This is the drawback of an open, free world.

The stronger one was, the weaker one would be.

Never limit, no limit.

It was not like other games where there would be a forced balance. Even if there was individual heroism, there would never be an invincible existence, or rather—God!

"Hey, what are you guys doing over there? What are you staring at? Hurry up and clean up the battlefield!"

Just as all the girls were lost in their thoughts, Qin Sheng's voice suddenly rang out in the team channel, pulling them back from their thoughts.

He looked up.

He saw…

The twenty over aggressive fallen Moon God Priests had all turned into corpses and were lying on the ground. Beside them, countless coins and pieces of equipment were shining with their unique light.

So fast?

The girls couldn’t help but exclaim.

How long had it been?

In less than a minute.

He directly charged forward and killed more than 20 Level 35 Enhanced Three Star Elite monsters. Moreover, he was seven levels above them.

Even though they should be happy that the monsters were cleared, the girls could not be happy.

With such a terrifying man around, just thinking about it made one despair.

Was it really possible to surpass him?

"This is really strange. Could it be that everyone is on their period?"

Qin Sheng had also sensed the strangeness of the girls, but he did not know what they were thinking. "Forget it. Women are always strange. I don't care about them. I'll just do my job well."

As he spoke.

After enhancing himself with the Violent Blood Art and Leopard Rush, he replaced the previous usage of the skill. At this moment, he had already switched to the CD's Wandering Serpent Steps and Leopard Rush. Then, he charged forward with his sword in hand, attracting the hatred of a bunch of fallen priests of the Moon Goddess. He plunged into the pile of monsters and began to clean them up.

Half an hour later.

Relying on Qin Sheng's violent killing efficiency, the huge main hall of the Moon God Temple was finally cleared. Hundreds of fallen Moon God Priests died miserably at his hands.

"The drop rate is so high!"

From a first-tier elite, she had been reduced to a small fry cleaning up the battlefield. Lily was not unhappy at all. Instead, her pretty face was flushed with excitement, and she was smiling so hard that her eyes were squinted.

"There are 40 pieces of equipment and three Skill Books!"

Sanguine Primrose walked over and did some calculations before reporting to Qin Sheng.

This was their previous agreement. Rose would purchase equipment and skill books at market price, provided that Qin Sheng did not need them.

"Do as you see fit!"

When he was clearing the monsters earlier, Qin Sheng had already seen the glow of the equipment dropped. They were all trash items, Silver Maximum Value, so he was not interested.

As for Skill Books, they were dropped by monsters that weren't even Bosses. At most, they were Silver-grade. However, Skill Books weren't important in terms of quality, only practicality.

Unfortunately.

Qin Qin Sheng took a glance. There was nothing he could use.

"The market price is about 1,300 gold coins!"

Qin Sheng waved his hand in disinterest. He did not care about such a small sum of money.

Even though Sanguine Primrose did not comment on other aspects, she was indeed extremely wealthy and generous.

"Let's continue. Let's wipe out the normal monsters today. We can even kill the Liches and kill them!"