Chapter 359: Saving My Sister From The Difficult Wave (1)

"I have followed your summons, mighty Dragon Lord!"

Its entire body was covered in scales that looked like steel. The Armored Dragon that looked like a pangolin lowered its noble head to show its submission.

Holy shit!

This feeling…

Qin Luo Sheng expressed his approval.

It was really so awesome!

Even though he had only summoned a miscellaneous dragon and could not even be considered a dragon, with only a tiny bit of dragon blood in his body, and it was even the dragon blood of a pseudo dragon, this scene, this situation, especially when he had said, "Follow your summon, great Dragon Lord!", it had simply made Qin Sheng's status soar!!!

Didn't he see that the group of girls behind him were already blinking their eyes?

At this moment.

If it were Qin Sheng who was a little beastly and hooked his finger, there would probably be girls whose hearts were bursting with young girls who would immediately fall for him. Even those experienced and knowledgeable female employees who had already left society would find it hard to resist.

After all.

At this moment, Qin Sheng stood upright with his sword in hand. He had an air of arrogance and a cold expression on his face. Under the contrast of the gigantic Armored Dragon, his charm was fully exuded and his masculinity instantly exploded.

Which woman didn't admire heroes?

In the current real world, there were very few masculine men with such an indomitable spirit, let alone arrogant and heroic.

Now.

There was one in front of him.

Was this a normal woman?

Even Sanguine Primrose, who had grown up in the courtyard and had often come into contact with soldiers, was shocked. A strange emotion that she had never felt before appeared in her eyes.

"Stop this trash!"

The girls were in a daze, but Qin Sheng did not.

Even though the Armored Dragon had appeared and exuded a faint dragon's might, the undead zombies were still zombies. Without intelligence, even the dragon's might emitted by Qin Sheng's true dragon blood had only triggered a 20% decrease in attributes and was not intimidating at all, so how could the spiritual tablet of the Armored Dragon be mentioned?

"By your will, Lord Dragon Lord!"

The Iron-Armored Dragon replied in a low, muffled voice. Then, its body moved violently and began to attack the hundreds of undead zombies.

The dragon scales that looked like they were made of steel were far from being broken by weak nails like the undead zombies. However, the dragon scales could not be broken, but the damage was still not weak.

The Iron-Armored Dragon might be ferocious, but it was facing hundreds of undead zombies. Even ants could kill an elephant, let alone undead zombies with corpse poison.

Knock, knock, knock…

As Qin Luo's summoner, he naturally inherited the hatred Qin Luo had caused. In an instant, the undead zombie was attracted by the Armored Dragon. It changed its direction and jumped up, surrounding everyone.

The iron dragon wouldn't be able to hold on for long.

After all.

The Armored Dragon was only a Level 30 Gold Boss. As for the Undead Zombies, they were Level 36 Enhanced Three-Star monsters. Furthermore, there was a large group of them. There were over a hundred of them.

If it had not been for the fact that Qin Luo's attributes had been reduced by 40%, the Armored Dragon probably would not have been able to last more than a few rounds of simultaneous attacks.

In the end, the Armored Dragon couldn't compare to Qin Luo. Its body was too large, and it was both an advantage and a disadvantage. The advantage was that it could rely on its massive body to crush Qin Luo, while the disadvantage was that it could endure too many attacks.

"Summon Death Bones!"

In the Epic Ring, the skeleton of death shone brightly, and a huge skeleton in armor was instantly born. It jumped into the pile of undead zombies and shared the burden of the Armored Dragon.

"Soul Summon!"

The unique orange glow of the Soul Guiding Lamp shone brightly. In the next moment, a trace of true spirit within it was summoned. The Ghost Face Corpse Demon, Livelywell, requested to fight.

"Soul of Glory!"

The Medal of Honor was unwilling to be left out, but it also shone brightly. This medal, which represented honor given by the King of Mercenaries, not only brought Qin Luo Sheng the identity of a hero and enjoyed certain privileges, it also contained the soul of the former comrade of the King of Mercenaries.

Swoosh…

A faint light flashed past.

A tall figure jumped out of the Medal of Honor, carrying a broadsword on his shoulder. His body was tall and straight, full of male hormones.

It was the "Berserker" class, the "Berserker" that was praised by the world.

An Armored Dragon would not be able to hold on, and Qin Sheng could not just turn hostile and ignore its fate.

Since he was already exposed, he might as well go all out and summon all the existences that he could summon.

The Death Bone Blood had a high defense. It could form an MT team with the Armored Dragon and attract the aggro of the undead zombies.

The Ghost-Faced Corpse Demon Livelywell and the Berserker's Astral Slash were small and agile, and their attacks were strong. They could attack and kill the Spirit Zombie at the crotch of two MTs.

"Finally managed to stall them?"

With the four great summons in place, the hundreds of undead zombies were completely attracted and did not pay attention to Qin Sheng.

Instantly.

The girls from Qin Luo Sheng and Rose Society heaved a sigh of relief.

"Now that I've settled my worries, it's my turn to perform!"

Qin Sheng tightened his grip on the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] with a sinister and cold expression.

"Ah…"

Screams rang out.

Tanya and Sleepy Winter (another Shield Specialist girl's ID) could not take it anymore.

Even though there were more than twenty undead zombies, only three or four of them could attack them. After two skills, there were three Priests behind who took turns to heal and crazily ingested medicine, barely holding them off.

But.

Forcefully forcing himself on her was not a long-term solution.

This…

It had only been a few seconds. Qin Luo Sheng had just summoned his life-saving army to stall the wights zombie army, but they had already reached their limit.

They could not be blamed for this. Indeed, the monsters were too ferocious and too many. They were not their match.

At this moment.

The shield wall had already been broken, and the potions were still on cooldown. The Clerics behind them also had their healing skills on cooldown… They were already at their wits' end.

The girls from the Rose Society were at a loss for what to do, but the undead zombies weren’t affected at all. Their attacks didn’t stop at all, and they were just as ferocious as before.

At this rate, in three seconds, or at most three seconds, the two girls, Suya and Green Lantern, would immediately lose their health points and become two corpses.

"Hold on, retreat, I'm coming!"

Qin Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes and roared.

Danya and Bright Moon Lantern, who were already exhausted, felt relieved when they heard this. Without hesitation, they interrupted the "Immovable Mountain" skill and retreated.

"Do you still want to chase after me? You should ask about the sword in my hand!"

Qin Sheng snorted coldly when he saw that the undead zombie was ready to jump and chase after him. He locked onto the area in front of him and activated the shadow warrior's ultimate skill. He said softly, "Mad Shadow Final Slash!"