Chapter 356: Angry Girls

They met face to face.

‘ No.’

This was not even considered a face-to-face encounter.

They merely glanced at each other and did not even notice the intruders. The group of silent undead zombies suddenly suffered a heavy blow. By the time they reacted, their attributes had already decreased by 40% and two-fifths!

His original 65W + Health had dropped to 39W +!

His original 5800 + Attack had dropped to 3480!

The original 3500 + Physical Defense instantly became 2100!

What's there to play at?

"What… what happened?"

The girls from the Rose Society who had just stepped into this side hall were also stunned. Even though Qin Luo had blocked the detailed battle records so that they could not understand the details, the sudden drop in the monster's attributes could not be hidden. As long as one's vision was normal, they could see it.

It was precisely because of this that they continuously cried out in alarm.

Nothing else.

However, were those numbers serious?

260,000 points?

Damn it!

I'm blind! I'm blind!!!

"This guy is still hiding his strength!"

Sanguine Primrose's expression was extremely unsightly as she thought back to the path that they had taken in the past three days, "If not for the monsters' strength and level suppression, perhaps this card wouldn't have been taken out. Weakening 40% of all attributes, what kind of terrifying ability is this?! Could it be that this guy is really that invincible?”

At this moment.

Sanguine Primrose couldn't help but recall the wild thoughts she had just had, and a blush appeared on her face. Having been a proud daughter of the heavens since she was young, this was the first time in her life that she wasn't confident in herself.

This kind of man.

Was it really something she could conquer?

First—

Self-doubt

G!

Following that…

Self-doubt JPG!

Finally—

Complete autism!

“Too crazy, too terrifying! Is this the so-called expert?”

"A Level 29 monster surpassing seven levels to kill a Level 36 monster, barging into the enemy's nest, is he so arrogant? I'm done!"

"Indeed, the world of big shots is far beyond what we weaklings can understand."

"So handsome. Hey, hey, did you guys see that? This action, this aura, this scene, doesn't it look like the main character in anime, Cool One!"

"…"

The originally depressed Sanguine Primrose suddenly heard the words of a bunch of love-struck fools. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as her mood improved.

But.

When she saw that even her vice president was almost thirty years old and was the general manager of a big company in real life, a calm and focused Blood Rose, as well as the girls beside her, acting like they were infatuated with him, she instantly felt uncomfortable.

Be more mature, bastard!

If news of this were to spread, how would those bootlickers handle themselves?

Does our Rose Society still want its reputation?

The elite team and the higher-ups of the union were all infatuated with a man.

Do you still want my face?

"Stop looking!"

With a cold snort, Sanguine Primrose pulled the attention of the girls back to her. With a frosty expression on her face, Sanguine Primrose said: "Since when did our Rose Society fall to the point where we have to rely on men to take care of us? Just one or two of us, and after a few days, we're already lazy? Do you still remember our purpose? Do you guys still want to be called flower vases by those stinky men?”

The girls were silent.

Even though he wanted to complain in his heart, he knew that Sanguine Primrose had been enjoying herself for the past few days. However, seeing the ugly expression on Sanguine Primrose's face, his guild leader did not dare to be rash and speak the truth.

"That's right. Didn't we join the Rose Society just to get rid of those detestable men and forcefully give us the title of a flower vase? Is our strength worse than men? Isn't it our purpose to keep improving ourselves?"

As the Vice-President, she naturally understood her own guild leader very well. Blood Rose knew very well why Sanguine Primrose was so angry right now. She was a person with a long sleeves and a dancing heart. Even though she looked like a rough and unrestrained older sister, she was actually a meticulous person who was good at scheming. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to become the general manager of a company, even if that company was opened by her family.

"Everyone, move!"

With Blood Rose as the butt of the joke, Sanguine Primrose saw that the expressions of her sisters had returned to normal. Sanguine Primrose slowly said: "We might not be able to compare with that man, but how can we, the Rose Society, not do anything about it? Now that we have all reached Level 26, we are only 10 levels away from the monsters, so we have not exceeded our limit. We can use them as our target to train ourselves, increase our strength, improve our teamwork."

As he spoke.

Sanguine Primrose took the lead and attacked.

"Guild leader, be careful. Let us go first!"

The president was already on the move. As his subordinate, what else could he do?

Instantly.

The two Shield Specialist girls carried large shields and charged forward, blocking all the sisters behind them.

Yet.

Having been attacked by the wights, the zombie did not even spare a glance in this direction. It jumped up and down madly towards Qin Sheng.

Caw caw caw…

Instantly.

The group of girls were speechless. They felt as if a crow was flying over their heads, letting out mocking cries.

Damn it!

Even a mere zombie looked down on us?

Not only Sanguine Primrose, all of the girls were enraged.

To be able to enter a top elite team and be equipped with luxurious gaming equipment such as gaming capsules, it was enough to prove that they were all proud girls, regardless of their brains or family background.

As a little princess, everyone had been pampered since they were young.

Yet.

After entering Fate Dimension, he met Qin Luo, a straight man.

Faced with so many sisters, even if they did not plead softly, act coquettishly, or act cute, just these dozen extremely cute faces, from the Imperial Sister to the Lolita, from the aloof to the gentle, from the long black hair to the double ponytails, from the plump figure to the scarce poverty.

U, there were all kinds. Any man would fall into this "crystal palace", right?

But.

This bastard was simply looking down on them.

Humph.

They were either destined to be alone.

Either that or she was gay.

Definitely not.

Still.

After all, he was a big shot. He had brought them for three consecutive days. Their levels had risen from the lowest level of Level 22 to the current average level of 26. There were at least ten pieces of equipment in their backpacks.

Seeing this, hmph, he would forgive her temporarily.

After all, no one was perfect. Since the big boss was so powerful, it was understandable that he was slightly unsatisfactory in other aspects.

But.

It was one thing for the big shots who could bring them along to not give them any face, but I'll tolerate it for the sake of experience points and equipment.

But.

A mere monster, a trash monster, dares to ignore us?

Tsk!

My chest is about to explode from anger!!!

If I don't kill you today, how can I take this lying down?

"Use Taunt!"

In the end, the majority of the women were still emotional. Sanguine Primrose, whose mental state had exploded, immediately lost her mind and gave a wrong order.