Chapter 355: Special Item: Moon God'S Heart

“A lie often requires more lies to cover it up.”

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose wore a relaxed smile on her face.

"I wasn't sure before, but now, I'm very sure. Regardless of whether the EXP Enhancement Pill you mentioned is real or fake, the general direction I found is definitely correct."

"Just you wait, Weeping Soul Beast. It won't be long before I find you in real life. No matter who you are, I, Sanguine Primrose, will make you kneel before me and become one of my people."

Of course, Qin Sheng had no idea what Sanguine Rose was thinking.

‘ Of course.’

He did not know that he had been exposed.

He only felt that there were more than ten pairs of burning eyes staring at him from behind. One of them was especially hot, making him extremely uncomfortable.

But he couldn’t move.

She didn't dare to move either.

He could only choose to endure it and ignore it as if nothing had happened.

Lowering his head.

Looking at the Grand Zealot's corpse, Qin Sheng calmed himself down. Rubbing his hands together, he squatted down and began to perform the harvesting technique.

'Ding… You have gathered Moon God's Heart * 1!

"Ding… Current target is unavailable!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What?

He was a Gold-tier Boss, the former boss of the Moon Temple. How could he be so poor?

Even the wild BOSSes outside had more than just a few items on them. At the very least, they had two items!

"Greedy for life, afraid of death, betraying the sect for glory, and you're so stingy. If you don't die, who will?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked disdainfully at the archbishop's corpse. If not for the fact that there were more than a dozen girls watching him and paying attention to his manners, he might have just spat out a mouthful of saliva.

Hei!

Poor man!

[Heart of the Moon God]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: The energy core that contains the dense power of the Moon God seems to have some special use.

F*ck!

It seemed to have some special use?

Damn it!

Just tell me what it does!

Just this?

What difference did it make?

You might as well learn from the one above you. If all the question marks were displayed, it would save you trouble.

"What equipment did you drop?"

Qin Sheng speechlessly stuffed the Moon God's Heart into his backpack and shifted his gaze to the group of girls.

Qin Luo was quite interested in the equipment dropped by the Boss.

Because of the fusion of the [Epic Mark], the Lords of the Stars upgraded from the metal energy of gold, silver, and bronze to a higher level. Their abilities such as the Starlight Miracle also improved.

For example.

In the past, the Starlight Miracle was a sublimation of equipment. The highest grade was only Epic, but at this point, it was restricted to death. But now, the highest grade could be raised to Legendary. This was very impressive.

The upgrade of an Epic equipment was bound to be legendary.

The upgrade of Gold equipment could possibly jump to Legend.

He would not let go of any Gold equipment that could be used.

Unfortunately.

Along the way, he had killed so many Bosses. Every Boss dropped at least one Gold equipment. However, the Dog System was targeting him, so he did not have a single Warrior.

Tsk!

"Three Gold equipment, three Silver equipment, one Bronze equipment, and a Skill Book!"

Sanguine Primrose did not say anything, but as the leader of the squad and the vice guild leader of the Primrose Militia, Blood Rose started her report.

"I want this sword. The rest is up to you!"

Qin Luo accepted a Gold-grade one-handed sword with a smile.

Even with the legendary [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and the Epic [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], no one would mind having too many good weapons.

In particular, after confirming that Astral Spiritual Endowment could only be used for weapons, as well as the possibility that the Starlight Miracle could evolve to a legendary level, in addition to obtaining the “Weapon Killer” skill, “Life Severing Strike”, Qin Sheng placed even more importance on weapons. He even brought ten ordinary trashy silver weapons with him in his backpack for emergencies.

A glance.

Level 35 Gold Single-Handed Sword. Its level was rather high, comparable to a Grand Priest.

Furthermore, it was undetectable.

"Let's continue!"

Qin Sheng stuffed the sword into his backpack and received the estimated price of the equipment and skill book that he had dropped this time. He received almost 2,000 gold coins, feeling extremely comfortable.

Indeed.

Opening a new land to fight a BOSS was the way to become rich!

In less than a minute, he could earn seven digits easily. It was even faster than printing money.

He walked out of the main hall of the Moon God Temple.

Qin Luo and the others entered the side hall.

At this point, they were already in the rear hall.

"Oh? Three palaces?"

Qin Luo Sheng took a look in surprise. "This place is somewhat similar to expanding radiation, just like the WIFI signal. The main hall is the starting point. The further you go, the larger the place becomes. Right now, there are three palaces. There might be five or seven behind."

"Then what do you plan to do?"

Sanguine Primrose asked.

“How?”

Qin Qin Sheng glanced at her and shrugged. "What else can I do? I'll just do it!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

The Rose Club girls:…

Could it be any simpler?

Or rather…

Can you be any more arrogant?

Still.

The man before her seemed to have the right to do so.

It was really too fierce!

Even a Gold-tier BOSS, such a monstrous existence, died twice in his hands within a minute. Wouldn't he be able to defeat small fishes?

His attack was like GHS, so yellow that it made people panic.

The damage was also off the charts. There had never been anyone with less than five digits.

Furthermore, there were many additional states. Based on what he had seen so far, there were lacerations, bleeding, chaos, corrosion, fear, and paralysis.

The most important thing was that these negative statuses were not triggered by skills, but by hacking. This was simply a BUG!

How could he allow others to cheat like this?

"Xiaobai!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about other people's psychological activities. He just played on his own. From left to right, he started to play. At the end, he was still on the left. "Alright, it's you."

As he spoke.

He kicked open the door and charged in with his sword.

[Undead Zombie (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 36

Health: 650000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 5800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3,500

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 700

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary corpse. After a certain amount of modification, it was contaminated by undead energy and trained with evil techniques and blood. Gradually, it became a zombie with immense strength. Its movements were like the wind and it was invulnerable.

Was it a level higher than the fallen Moon God Priest?

Level 36 Enhanced Three Star Elite. This attribute was not considered dirty.

Unfortunately.

Still too weak!

Besides.

This time, it was not like the Moon God Priest. He had clearly fallen into darkness, but the power of the moon was still contained within his body, right?

In that case, I won't stand on ceremony.

"Dragon Might, activate!"

"Reaper's Gaze, activate!"

-26000000!

-26000000!

-26000000!

-26000000!

-26000000!

A densely packed six-digit damage number started with "two" as the starting point, crazily erupted from the undead zombie's head.

It was eye-catching and breathtaking.