Chapter 357: The Plot Was Destroyed, In Desperate Situation

"Understood!"

The two Guardians were also very angry. Their brains were not functioning properly and they actually used the skill "Taunt" at the same time.

In an instant.

Qin Sheng's double attack, which had been fully activated, reduced all the enemies he identified by 40% of their attributes within his field of vision and aggro range. There were about 20 undead zombies that had their aggro firmly controlled. They were immediately forced to change their direction by Taunt and changed their aggro, jumping towards the dozen or so girls with pale faces.

"This is too much!"

When dealing with a three-star Enhanced Elite whose strength was not inferior to a Black Iron Boss or even a Bronze Boss, even if all his attributes had decreased by 40%, he still had to treat it seriously. After all, this was killing monsters that were ten levels above him.

One.

attention.

The number was one.

But now?

More than twenty?!

Even if it was one person fighting one undead zombie, they would not have enough manpower.

"Damn it, what are these women doing?"

Qin Sheng, who had fallen into a pile of monsters and was slaughtering his way around, did not notice the change in the battlefield immediately. When he saw it, more than 20 Undead Zombies had already gotten close to the girls. The few at the front had even started fighting with the two terrified Shield Specialist girls.

"F*ck, there are too many monsters. There's no way out!"

As they were killing happily, they had already left the main group and were too far away from the girls. Even the furthest surprise attack, Instant Slash, could not reach the other small battlefield.

Fortunately.

Qin Qin Sheng had also just charged over from the other side. He had just passed by the place where the girls from Rose Society were at.

"Spatial Jump!"

Qin Sheng forced himself to endure the claws of five or six undead zombies landing on his body and took a round of attacks. He executed his space technique and jumped to the side of the tall and sexy shield-bearer whose ID was Tanya Suhe.

"Everyone else step back. Priests, use all your strength to heal Shield Specialists. Shield Specialists, use Shield Wall and Immovable Mountain!"

Qin Luo Sheng blocked the zombie's claws that were attacking towards Tanya Suhe. At the same time, he roared loudly, "Don't move for the time being. There are too many monsters. If your attacks are wrong and attract aggro, your back row will be wiped out."

"Shield Wall!"

"Immovable as Mountains!"

During these three days, Qin Luo had been killing monsters alone most of the time. Other than discussing certain matters, there had been almost no communication.

However, at this moment, this man appeared at the critical juncture and made them, who were in a state of panic, find their backbone. They did not resist at all and naturally obeyed the order and carried it out immediately.

In an instant.

The two Guardians used their skills at the same time.

The shield wall caused a layer of yellow energy to appear around them, able to withstand a portion of the damage.

The State of Immovable as Mountains greatly increased physical defense and magic defense, but the price was that it could not be moved. Once it moved, the skill effect would disappear.

At the same time.

The three Priests behind him cast Healing, Healing, and Regeneration at the same time. The skill combo was not bad, and the timing was good as well. As expected of a top-tier pioneer elite of the Rose Society, he did have some skills.

“Strong Berserk Potion!”

Physical Attack + 20%!

“Potential Potion!”

All attributes + 20%!

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Instantly.

Qin Luo took the stance of fighting a boss.

Now was not the time to play leisurely.

It didn't matter if he was alone.

More importantly.

Right now, a group of girls was facing a threat. If he wanted to save them, he had to do his best to clear the monsters as quickly as possible. Otherwise, if things went on for too long, accidents could easily happen.

The most terrifying thing was…

The attack was not only because the two Shield Specialists girls had activated the "Taunt" skill, attracting more than 20 undead zombies, but also because he had gone too deep previously. Relying on the Dragon's Might and the Gaze of Death, at least one or two hundred undead zombies in the lowered field of vision followed him, the "source of hatred", and charged over violently.

"Is he reaping what he sowed?"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but smile bitterly.

Except.

He was not wrong. What was wrong was this world (funny). No, it was these girls.

Shit.

If his strength was lacking, was his brain not sharp?

Look.

What the hell did you guys do!

To directly activate "Taunt" in a group of monsters far stronger than you?

Tsk!

Did he want to die?

"What the f*ck! Why did these girls suddenly fall sick? If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have been so arrogant!"

Qin Luo Sheng truly regretted it.

Before.

Why was he so crazy?

After all, even if he was a hacker, it would still be very difficult to clear him out when he was surrounded by 200 Undead Zombies that were above level 7. It might even be very difficult for him to protect himself.

To save time, of course.

One monster, one monster. One monster, one monster, one monster. When would that end?

Now he was talking about efficiency!

Qin Luo did not have the Guardian's Taunt Skill. If he wanted to pull monsters on a large scale, it was naturally the best way to get the monsters to come to him.

How?

A large-scale destructive power could be achieved by facing the dragon's might and the death god's gaze.

Except.

The effect of pulling monsters was truly terrifying.

They walked and pulled. Before long, they attracted one or two hundred undead zombies.

Judging from the number, it didn't seem to be very large, but the actual effect seemed to have instantly drowned out Qin Sheng. Not even a shadow could be seen.

Wouldn't that be courting death?

No!

No!

In fact.

The undead zombie that Qin Sheng had attracted by himself had surrounded him in layers, but what was the use?

Only seven or eight undead zombies were able to squeeze into the innermost ring and attack Qin Sheng.

The Undead Zombie was a physical monster, which meant that it was a melee monster. Even if it had skills, it was the same.

Undead zombies without long-range attacks could only threaten Qin Sheng at close range, no matter how many they had.

What's there to be afraid of?

In addition, the Undead Zombies, which had already lost 40% of all attributes, could not instantly kill Qin Sheng even if seven or eight of them attacked together. After all, Qin Sheng's current health was almost 50,000 below his Normal State. This meant that Qin Sheng was already in an invincible position.

Not only that.

Qin Luo Sheng had the assistance of medicinal pills and the ability to suck blood under violent attacks. It was equivalent to a perpetual motion machine.

The wights and zombies were Qin Sheng's blood bank, which he could take as he pleased. Even if he fought them head-on, he had nothing to fear as long as his attacks were not blocked.

Originally, all of this was already planned out, but in the end, human calculations were not as good as heaven's calculations.

Never in his wildest dreams had Qin Qin Sheng imagined that the group of girls who had been well-behaved and obedient over the past few days would actually fall ill at this critical juncture and create such a big scene, directly destroying his plans. Now that things had reached this stage, he was about to face hundreds of undead zombies charging at him together.

Tsk!