Chapter 358: Heavenly Deity Qin Luo Desheng (Revelation)

"Forget it, this isn't the time to pursue the matter. I should think of a way to overcome this crisis first!"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth in anger. However, the anger in his heart dissipated considerably when he saw the elegant Su He who was trembling beside him, raising her shield to resist the undead zombies' attacks.

After spending three days together, Qin Sheng was not a rockman. How could he remain completely indifferent?

Besides.

As a man, he had some interest in girls.

He did not like Sanguine Primrose. Regardless of her status, her figure, or her appearance, she was definitely one of the best. In his memory, the only person who could compare to her was that otherworldly fairy, Qing Si. Even Mu Mu, this little beauty, was slightly inferior.

Except.

Even though Sanguine Primrose was beautiful, she was too cold, too proud, too smart, too scheming, too shrewd.

Qin Luo Sheng knew that with his little cleverness, he could not subdue this demoness. He, who knew himself well, had no thoughts about her at all.

Men conquer women by conquering the world, women conquer the world by conquering men.

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, had no such ambitions.

Even though he was like a god in the world of destiny and among the players, his thoughts could not be changed overnight. His ambitions could not be formed instantly.

As for Sanguine Primrose, a woman who could arouse the most primal desires of men, he had no interest in her at all.

If he had the mood to fight with his wits and courage, wouldn't it be nice to use it to flirt with cute girls?

In comparison.

Qin Luo Sheng still liked the cute and adorable girl named Bai He, who had the graceful bearing of a virtuous wife and mother, and the lively, lively, clear, and soft-spoken sour oranges.

This was his favoritism!

She liked her older sister's body, but the cute and gentle Lolita and the quiet beauty were true love!

"Don't worry about those undead zombies that are running over for now. I dropped 40% of their all attributes. The girls from the Rose Society also listened to me and didn't randomly attack and attract aggro. Therefore, their aggro is still firmly locked on me and will only target me."

Qin Luo Sheng's brain began to work at high speed, analyzing the pros and cons of the battle and weighing the pros and cons. "In other words, as long as I get rid of the taunting skills of the two Crazy Warrior girls and pull the aggro of over twenty undead zombies, I'll break the root of the problem and let them all retreat. I'll return to the situation where I was surrounded by one or two hundred undead zombies!"

“Dragon Soul Impact!”

The [Coiling Dragon Water] shone brilliantly. Two true dragons, one red and one blue, took form and merged into one, emitting a high-pitched dragon's roar. Under Qin Sheng's control, they roared and charged upwards, breaking through the encirclement with lightning speed.

In an instant.

With the direction that Qin Sheng was aiming at as the basis, a straight line of 20 levels formed a path of fire and ice where fire and ice coexisted. It was akin to plowing through an acupoint, akin to lava crossing the border and frost filling the sky.

Terrifying damage as high as 1000%. Now that Qin Sheng had added so many augmentation skills and consumed two bottles of potions, he was able to unleash extreme explosive damage.

In just an instant.

On this straight line, at least thirty to forty undead zombies died.

Corpses were strewn everywhere, starlight was everywhere.

It was dazzling.

The girls gaped at him, their eyes wide with disbelief.

It was a skill that came with Legendary weapons. The energy produced by the convergence of the two dragons was naturally very lethal. It was no wonder that they looked like they had never seen time before.

Even Qin Luo himself, who had used the Dragon Soul Shock for the first time after the evolution of the Coiling Dragon Li Water, was shocked.

They were in a daze, but not the intelligent undead zombies.

In the blink of an eye, 34 of his own kind had died tragically by his side. However, the wights and zombies showed no fear and continued jumping towards Qin Luo Sheng's direction. They were extremely ferocious.

"No, this won't solve the problem!"

After one attack, even though thirty to forty undead zombies were exterminated, it was still not enough to deal with such a huge number, and was still in danger.

Besides.

The side hall was large enough, and the wights were scattered as well. They fanned out in front of Qin Luo, chasing after him.

The dragon soul attack just now was a straight line attack. It only cleared a line of undead zombies, and was completely useless. The few at the front were already about to charge into the frontlines of the twenty or so who were being mocked and join the battle.

"We have to get rid of these Undead Zombies first. Otherwise, the two Shield Specialist girls won't be able to take it and will have to sacrifice themselves."

Qin Luo Sheng's face was cold. "But I need time to take care of these 20 over. This bit of time is enough for those guys behind to rush up. When that time comes, even if the two Shield Specialists girls are freed, they will still be surrounded by the undead zombies that follow up. Instead, they will fall into an even more dangerous encirclement."

He had to get rid of those undead zombies at the front first before he could save all the girls.

Qin Qin Sheng soon thought of a solution.

Except.

He had thought of a solution, but how to implement it was a problem.

It was an area-of-effect attack, and there were only two that could achieve the desired effect. The Water Vein Attack from the Spiritual Water Pearl, as well as the newly awakened invincible skill after the upgrade of [Coiling Dragon Water]—Forbidden Spell, Ice Fire Twin Dragon Dance!

But.

One had to hold the Spiritual Water Pearl in order to continuously unleash the Water Vein Attack!

Not appropriate.

The forbidden spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance, was too powerful. It had a cooldown time of seven days. It was a trump card to deal with the Lich of the Undead. How could it be used so easily?

It was also inappropriate.

"In that case, we can only seek reinforcements!"

Qin Luo Sheng spat out the word "f*ck" with a face full of displeasure. Then, he took out a signboard engraved with the image of a divine dragon. "MD, I'm going to reveal another trump card. Is this Sanguine Rose really my nemesis?"

"Dragon Lord Summon!"

Buzz…

Under the Dragon God's Imperial Decree, all dragons of the dragon race must obey the summon.

Instantly.

In the void, a huge energy summoning array appeared.

"Ding, Dragon Lord summoning successful. You have randomly summoned a Level 30 Gold Boss—Armored Dragon!"

A massive creature that was five meters tall and nearly twenty meters long quickly emerged from the summoning array.

"I have followed your summons, mighty Dragon Lord!"