Chapter 350: Control The Rhythm And Beat Him Madly

Ding… Hunting Tiger's effect activated. The fallen Great Priest of the Moon God has entered 5 seconds of fear, and its attack power has decreased by 30%! '

NICE!

As expected of the highest level skill, even a BOSS would not be immune to this control effect. Furthermore, the duration of the effect was directly maxed out without any "cutting corners".

Five seconds.

With Qin Sheng's current speed, he could totally do a fifty-meter sprint, not to mention a fallen Moon God High Priest who was only ten meters away from him.

"Instant Slash!"

The distance of ten meters closed in an instant.

The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade, which had the special effect of [Water Separation], landed heavily on the Grand Zealot, who had already fallen into fear and could not resist at all. A huge damage number dropped—

-8,8860!

After killing almost 90,000 Health Points in one hit, his total Health Points were only one million. It didn't seem like much.

Just this?

Such a good-for-nothing dared to talk nonsense in front of me?

"Berserk Strike!"

He gathered his strength for one second and applied for a Berserk Strike.

-1,4320!

Ding… your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing the degenerated Moon God Grand Zealot to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 10%! '

A 140,000 damage number floated above the Head Zealot's head.

Did it not trigger an absolute injury?

Still.

That was enough!

No matter how strong the Head Zealot was, as long as it was a magical Boss, once I got close to it, it could be declared dead.

Right hand, Coiling Dragon Water—

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Five strikes in a second, each strike hitting a vital point, and each strike was not the slightest bit off. Each strike hit the same point, and with a powerful attack that broke the surface, the original fixed 120% strength attack gradually deepened the damage.

Left hand, Hundred Battles Blood Soldier—

“Vicious Destruction!”

Qin Luo Sheng had not forgotten this terrifying skill. The effect when combined with [Army Breaker] was especially terrifying.

The first time he used it, he cut off the Gravedigger's arm and crippled his combat ability.

Now.

Against the Grand Zealots with weak defensive abilities, there shouldn't be any problems.

"Tsk, it didn't trigger?"

However, after three strikes, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Grand Zealot's arm in disbelief. There was no change in the place he had attacked just now. "My luck is as high as 36 points. Under the effects of Army Shattering Force and Brutal Break, I can't even cut off a magical Boss' arm?"

No matter how hard it was to believe, the truth was the truth. If the effect was not triggered, it was not triggered.

At this moment.

Hunting Tiger's five-second fear effect was over.

In the first second, he ran into the skill casting range!

In the second second, Instant Slash!

The third second, accumulate power!

Fourth second, Berserk Heavy Strike!

The fifth second, Extreme Speed Thrust + Brutal Strike!

Swish…

Recovering from his control, the High Priest did not have any intention to counterattack. Like the other magic-type Bosses, he chose to escape immediately. With a teleport, he disappeared.

F*ck!

He had miscalculated!

The duck that had reached his mouth flew away, and Qin Sheng could not help but be secretly furious.

Initially, he thought that it was a sure thing. He didn't expect to lose because of the probability.

Damn it.

In a situation where everything was in place, it would be f*cking ridiculous if there was no breaking effect!

"Bastard, what did you do?"

It was only a single encounter, but he was immediately hit. After he regained consciousness, his health points had already dropped by more than half. This made the Head Zealot, who had always thought that victory was in his grasp, feel fear and panic. "You, who exactly are you?"

"Who is it?" Qin Luo Sheng sneered. He bared his fangs and locked onto the position of the Head Zealot, leaving afterimages behind as he moved. "The person who killed you!"

"I really underestimated you. However, you don't have the ability to kill me, brat!"

The Grand Zealot's body shook, and a terrifying elemental energy instantly erupted. "Moonlight Explosion!"

Space shook.

The moonlight that had suddenly appeared poured down and illuminated the area within twenty meters of Qin Sheng. Then, the elemental energy surged violently. It was as if there was a strong blinking drug buried in the large area and it exploded with a loud bang.

"As expected of the former Head Zealot of the Moon God Temple. This ambush move is truly beautiful. This battle awareness is also top-notch. He clearly could not catch up to my speed and could not even catch my figure with the naked eye. He used a large-scale magic spell that crashed. Energy poured out and the explosion covered me, making it impossible for me to dodge. Unfortunately—"

Qin Luo suddenly jumped out from the Head Zealot's shadow. The sharp edge of the sword slashed heavily across his throat. At the same time, the tip of the other hand brazenly stabbed into the back of his head.

"It's a pity that you met me, the Shadow Warrior, who specializes in dealing with long-range brittle!"

The Shadow Stab took effect, causing the opponent to be stunned for a second.

"Chop!"

Retracting the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], he held the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] tightly with both hands. He gathered his strength and released it. With a powerful slash, it struck the High Priest's body, sending him into the sky.

Extreme Speed Thrust had already been used. The classic combination skill—Chop + Extreme Speed Thrust. It couldn't be used.

Still.

This did not mean that Qin Sheng had not attacked.

In fact.

For example, when Qin Luosheng was in his previous state, under the effects of the various augmentation skills, his attack power was off the charts. Especially under the effects of the Heart of the Brave and Holy Flame, which increased all attributes, his attack speed was also greatly increased.

Powerful attack power + explosive attack speed = what?

It was equivalent to an even more violent output.

At this moment, using skills was not a good idea.

Because no matter how skilled you were at using skills, there would always be a time gap. Either the two skills didn't connect perfectly, or using skills would cause your body to freeze for a certain amount of time… all sorts of things.

As for the general attack, there was no such nonsense!

One sword followed by another.

In a situation where the attack speed was extremely fast, the pause in the middle would also become extremely short. It could even be said that before the first strike landed, the next strike would already be swung out.

The Dragon Scale Gauntlets were not as active as the Jungle Scamper's Gauntlets. They had additional skills that increased attack speed. However, the Dragon Scale Gauntlets had special effects that could increase the flexibility of the wrist. This was actually better than directly increasing attack speed.

After all.

Qin Luo Sheng's attack speed was not slow to begin with. Coupled with the addition of the Shadow Warrior's own attack speed and the enhancement from all his attributes, his attack speed was explosive.

At this time, if there were any other increase in attack speed, it would be good, but it would only be icing on the cake.

However, increasing the flexibility of the wrist was different.

It was able to coordinate its hand speed as if it was suffering from a stroke. It could utilize its combat ability in a more agile manner, causing its attack efficiency to be higher. Moreover, it could protect its wrist to a certain extent.

Three seconds.

He fired left and right.

Qin Luo Sheng had slashed out a total of thirteen times!

When the Head Zealot landed, his health points had already dropped below 10% and he was on the verge of death.