Chapter 351: Evolution, Strengthening The Gold Boss

Health Points: 10%!

The BOSS's final limit.

It was also the lowest health bar of a BOSS who started to risk his life.

At this moment.

The Grand Zealot was at this stage.

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, had a calm look on his face and did not panic in the slightest.

Swish…

After landing, the Head Zealot activated Blink once more, escaping Qin Sheng's sword.

"Still trying to escape?"

Qin Luo did not even bat an eyelid when his sword struck empty air. He took a glance at the High Priest, who looked like a mouse that had seen a cat, before retracting his two single-handed swords and standing with his hands behind his back. "Do you really think I'll give you a chance at this point?"

The next moment.

He mobilized the true dragon's blood in his body.

Instantly.

The dragon blood boiled.

A magnificent dragon might swept the surroundings.

"Dragon Might!"

-100,000!

The skill that forcibly stripped 10% of all attributes finally reached this moment and became a fatal blow.

If not for the group of girls from the Rose Society, and if the Head Master was not a magic-type Boss, Qin Luo Sheng would not have hidden such a trick.

After all, he was a level 35 Gold grade boss. He had to show some respect.

Who knew what kind of terrifying skill the High Priest would use when his Health Points were at 10%?!!

If Qin Sheng could avoid it, he would definitely not want to be abused.

"What a terrifying brat!"

Yet.

The Head Zealot's health bar was emptied, but the system's notification for killing did not sound.

This…

The Head Zealot, who had already expected death, did not collapse. Instead, he spoke calmly, "No wonder you are so calm. Even though you know my true appearance, you can still talk calmly and talk cheerfully. So you do have some confidence."

“Dragon clan, never would I have thought that your trump card is the power of the dragon clan. What an enviable little brat!!! This old one has to admit that you do indeed have the qualifications to be arrogant, and also have the qualifications to say those arrogant words earlier. It’s just that although the dragon clan’s strength is strong, you’re too weak. With just this bit of ability, wanting to take this old one’s life is still far from enough.—Moon Spirit Possession!”

In an instant.

A small silver energy fairy that was like the moonlight appeared and entered the Head Zealot's glabella. In an instant, energy surged and erupted.

'Ding… Fallen Priest of the Moon God has evolved. Strengthened to Gold Boss!'

Qin Sheng:…

[Fallen Priest of the Moon God (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 12,50000

Mana: 500000

Physical Attack: 3500

Magic Attack: 11,500

Physical Defense: 3,500

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 1,200

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was the chief priest who served the Moon God. The Undead Lich invaded and the Moon Temple was destroyed. Under the fear of death, he chose to surrender and became the minions of the Undead Lich. However, because the Undead Lich did not trust him, he still killed him and used a secret technique to imprison his soul in his body. Then, he made the corpse into an Undead corpse and used an evil technique to control it. He could never escape and became a tool in his hands.

Tsk!

Qin Luo's face was as black as the bottom of a pot when he saw the brand new main refiner's attributes.

Well…

What was going on?

Not only did he revive after death, he even evolved???

Dog System.

Are you f*cking shameless?

The first Boss was already so impressive, do you want to go to heaven?

This is an S-rank quest instance dungeon, not an SSS-rank!

Originally, he had brought more than ten burdens along with him, and he had even jumped levels to kill monsters. That was already overloading him, so why did he still have to do this?

Come.

Watch my mouth shape.

* Retch *

"What a long-lost power!"

With his eyes closed, the Head Zealot had an intoxicated look on his face. "Even though I'm still far from my peak strength, I've recovered about a fifth of my strength. It should be more than enough to deal with a little brat like you!"

One-fifth?

One-fifth of his strength was already a Gold-tier BOSS?

Qin Luo shuddered.

Damn.

What kind of damned place was this Moon Temple?

It was ridiculous.

Was this a quest that players could receive at this stage?

Was it specially released to scam people?

If his underling was so powerful, how terrifying would the mastermind, the Lich who controlled everything in the Moon Temple, be?

Qin Qin Sheng instantly felt like giving up.

It was not that they did not dare to attack, but the enemy was too fierce!!!

"D * mn it, let's go all out and die."

Qin Luo gritted his teeth and charged forward.

Now.

He could no longer leave just because he wanted to.

At this moment.

There was no other way.

Qin Luo did not want to die.

So.

Thus, he could only ask the High Priest to die.

It was just an Enhanced Gold Boss. He had killed more than one Epic Boss. How could he be considered weak?

Although the dog system's integrity could not be trusted, there was no mistake in its evaluation.

Since the dog system had evaluated the difficulty of the quest to be [S] class, it could not be wrong.

The difficulty of [S] class was difficult, but how difficult could it be?

Even though the Head Zealot of the Moon God Temple had revived and used a secret skill to become stronger, he had only recovered one-fifth of his full strength. He was merely a Level 35 enhanced Gold Boss.

With this little bit of strength, you want to mess with my heart?

As for the Undead Lich, he was definitely much stronger than a lackey like you. However, no matter how much he struggled, he would eventually be restricted. It would not be too outrageous and exceed the difficulty level of [S] class.

Since that was the case, what was there to be afraid of?

In an instant.

Qin Qin Sheng understood the crux of the matter.

Tsk!

As expected of the person who tricked countless NPC experts, he was almost fooled by him.

“Shadow Escape!”

"Shadow Assault!"

“Shadow Slash!”

Three consecutive Skills erupted, and Qin Sheng used them to speed up his approach. In two breaths, he was once again close to the Head Zealot.

Perhaps it was because he had evolved, but the Head Zealot was very inflated. Or perhaps it could be said that he trusted his current self very much. He trusted the power he controlled now. He did not react to Qin Sheng's approach at all and allowed him to approach.

"What an idiot!"

Qin Sheng was naturally happy to see such a suicidal behavior. "Since you look down on me so much, let me give you a lesson. The name of the lesson is: Never underestimate your enemy. Use your life to pay for your stupidity!"

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

With a light pat, the Illusionary Spirit ribbon at his waist immediately released a colorful brilliance that was dazzling and captivating.

"Ding… Illusionary Spirit Bewildering Formation has taken effect. The fallen Moon God Grand Zealot has fallen into illusionary effects, lasting for 3 seconds!"

He controlled the Grand Zealot again.

Qin Luo once again approached him.

Sword winds blew, sword energy cold!

Apparently.

Everything was back to square one.

“Impossible. What kind of flame is this? Why is it filled with a sacred aura? Why does it make this old one feel even more pain than before?”

After three seconds of psychedelic effects ended, he once again regained his consciousness. When he saw his health bar decreasing, he was instantly dumbfounded.

"This is the Holy Flame. It's specifically used to restrain filthy and ugly monsters like you."

Qin Luo replied coldly, "The more depraved you are, the darker your heart is, and the more severe your punishment will be."