Chapter 354: Childish And Old Schemer, Did Qin Sheng Exposed?

Decide.

Qin Luo Sheng pretended to be calm as he shrugged his shoulders and said, "You can't blame me for this. I was the one who killed the Boss from the beginning to the end. The first attack was me, and the last attack was me. The Boss' damage is 100% higher than mine, so I naturally take the majority of the experience."

“Really?”

Sanguine Primrose still had the same expression on her face as before, "I need 6 million experience points to level up, while you need at least 89 million experience points, right? I got 2.8 million experience points for this boss, but you should be around 5 million. So, can I ask why you leveled up so quickly?"

"You're right, the Boss only gave me 500W experience points!"

Qin Qinsheng admitted readily.

Sanguine Primrose was stunned by his straightforwardness.

"I need 900W experience points to level up now. Previously, it was 800W."

Without waiting for Sanguine Primrose to reply, Qin Sheng continued, "However, you seem to have forgotten what we did in this hall before killing the boss!"

“You mean the crocs?”

Sanguine Primrose narrowed her pretty eyes, "Don't you dare tell me that the experience points of those trash monsters replenish the experience points you lack."

Fish monster?

The corners of Qin Luo's lips twitched involuntarily when he heard this.

Older sister.

Was he not afraid that he did not recognize his own position?

“The miscellaneous fish monster you’re talking about, perhaps your entire group will need over ten people to kill it.

An existence with such strength actually became a small fry in your mouth?

Could it be that you have taken them too deeply and felt that they were nothing much when you watched me slaughter them like cutting melons and vegetables? Can you even do it?

"Cough cough!"

Sanguine Primrose's face turned red as she tried to hide her embarrassment.

“It’s the truth.”

Qin Luo Sheng spread out his hands. Under the disbelieving gaze of Sanguine Primrose, he said indifferently, "I was the one who killed the monster. Furthermore, I even have the Experience Strengthening Pill. How can you compare to me?"

"Experience Amplification Pill?"

Sanguine Primrose's eyes lit up, "What is that? Selling it? How much is it? My Rose Society wants it!!!”

Qin Sheng:…

Was this the world of the rich?

No matter what they talked about, as long as they wanted it, they would immediately wave the money and start fighting!

"Sorry, this is really not for sale!"

He was just fabricating a lie. He couldn't even take it out, yet he still wanted to sell it.

Huh?

"It doesn't matter if I sell the potions or elixirs to you. After all, the effect is there, but it's not very big. At most, it will increase your chances of defeating the Boss."

Qin Luo said, "But the EXP Increasing Pill is out of the question. This is a crucial item that concerns the first place on my ranking list. How can it be sold?"

"One thousand gold coins each!"

Sanguine Primrose immediately started bidding.

What the heck?!

One thousand gold coins, one pill?

Was this a medicinal pill?

Was this an immortal pill?

Would he become an immortal if he ate it?

At this time, Qin Sheng really hoped that there would be an experience enhancing pill.

Damn.

This thing was even more profitable than selling military fire and drugs.

Unfortunately.

Everything was fake, fake!!!

"Not selling!"

Qin Sheng, who was heartbroken to the point of being unable to breathe, once again refused resolutely and decisively. "Do I look like an idiot to you? It's fine to sell things like equipment that can be upgraded so quickly. It's the same for consumables like potions. Things that can increase experience points, once they are released, won't they go berserk?"

"Rejecting me again, are you talking nonsense?"

Sanguine Primrose doubtfully said: "Maybe there's no such thing as an EXP Pill!"

"Believe it or not, it's up to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt a chill in his heart, but his expression remained unchanged. "Experience Strengthening Pills are considered high-grade even on Dragon Island. Even if I'm a gold member of a pharmacy, I can only buy a limited number of them every month. I don't even have enough for myself, so how can I kill a chicken to sell its eggs?"

As he spoke.

Qin Luo Sheng even shared his Spiritual Medicine Pavilion membership card with the chat.

"Wow, Dragon Island!"

"Is that the Dragon Island in the video? The scenery is really good. Boohoo, I really want to go!"

"Big boss, big boss, can you bring her to take a look? If you say go east, go east. If you say go west, go west. The kind that's super obedient."

"That's right, that's right. Boss, bring me along!"

"…"

Instantly.

The atmosphere suddenly changed!

When the group of girls saw the membership card of the Spiritual Medicine Pavilion, they could not help but recall the video that Qin Sheng had posted before. It was the video of Qin Sheng being led by the Dragon Emperor to the Dragon Island. He was high up in the sky, overlooking the entire Dragon Island.

It was too beautiful!

Even though Qin Sheng himself was watching the video, he could still sense the beauty of the legendary paradise.

Such a place.

Even if it was a severely abandoned house, they would probably want to go and have a look.

Not to mention.

Girls who loved to travel, shop, and travel, as well as those who loved to travel.

"That won't do!"

Qin Sheng was unmoved by the pleading of more than a dozen girls. He looked at them with puppy eyes and gazed at them with watery eyes. He hardened his heart and rejected them mercilessly.

Are you kidding me?

How could he hand over the return scroll to Dragon Island?

This was the ultimate treasure ground!

Just the potions alone brought about an indescribable amount of profit. When the shops in the nine main cities were fully opened, the profit of a day might reach more than 10 million yuan.

Besides.

This was not a one-time deal, but a steady stream. As the players' level increased, the official dungeons would be opened, and there would be explosive sales.

How could a few girls give up on such a mountain of gold?

To put it bluntly.

As long as he firmly controlled the resources of Dragon Island, one person would enjoy it, and Qin Sheng would switch women every day. It would not be a problem if he did not change his women every 365 days.

Most importantly.

This was only the potion business. Other than that, there were even more treasures waiting to be excavated. Putting aside the secret, just the blacksmith and tailor shop alone were two gold mountains.

Even the lowest grade was Silver tier equipment. If they bought it, the Starlight Miracle could at least reach Gold tier.

What was the current price of Gold equipment?

The lowest was over 10 gold coins!

In other words.

At least ten thousand yuan.

Unfortunately.

The equipment on Dragon Island was too high-level, and the lowest level was Level 50. It was far from what the current players could use.

"Hmph, stingy!"

After rejecting the girls' requests, Qin Sheng took the opportunity to leave. On the surface, he looked embarrassed, but in reality, he avoided Sanguine Primrose's questioning.

"He is indeed cautious, but he is still too inexperienced!"

Looking at Qin Luo's back view as he left, Sanguine Primrose couldn't help but laugh out loud. Her laughter was extremely happy, so beautiful that it shook one's soul. Even the girls of the Primrose Militia were stunned, with infatuation written all over their faces.

"Initially, you were cold and arrogant and would not explain so much to me. However, you said so much today. This is your biggest exposure."

"Weeping Soul, I've finally caught you!!!"