Chapter 352: Fierce Battle, Clash Of Attack Styles

Grand Zealot:…

As much as he hated to believe it, the truth lay before him.

The golden flames burning on the sword blade were indeed like that. Not only was it filled with a sacred aura, but it would also constantly burn one's body and soul. It was as if one was being judged and was in unbearable pain.

"So what?"

The Head Zealot had a sinister smile on his face. "This shouldn't be your ability, right? Borrowing power is only an external Dao after all. Let's see how you'll deal with yourself after the effects are over!"

"Indeed!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not deny it. With one look, he could tell that this holy flame was not a power that he could control now. There was no point in denying it. "However, killing you is enough!"

He was going to attack!

"What a cute little brat!"

The Grand Zealot flipped his palm slightly, and a ball of silver radiance suddenly appeared. "Do you still think I'm in my previous form?"

Bang…

On the way, Qin Sheng could not dodge and was hit directly.

-18,322!

Qin Luo's health bar, which was full to the brim, suddenly dropped by half at a speed visible to the naked eye.

What the heck?!

Qin Luo was stunned.

It was only right for melee fighters to approach long-range fighters and pay the price.

Initially, Qin Luo had already made up his mind and was mentally prepared. Even if he had to take the Head Zealot's attack head-on, he had to charge towards him. Otherwise, once the amplification effect ended, he would be at a disadvantage.

Except.

Unexpectedly.

The Head Zealot's attack was actually so explosive.

It was just a random magic bullet, but it actually took away almost 20,000 health points?!!

This f*cking thing could still be played?

"Tsk, the Grand Zealot has joined the enemy camp and become the lackey of the Lich. His attack is not of the dark element. Can you believe it?"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

If it was a Dark-type attack, the damage would be halved due to the augmentation of the Holy Flames. In addition to the passive Dark-type resistance of + 50%, the damage taken would be further reduced. With the special effect of [Murmurs of Death], the Dark-type resistance would be increased by 30%, making it 80% resistive.

equivalent.

10,000 points of darkness-type damage was first offset by 80% resistance on Qin Sheng, leaving him with 2,000 points.

Due to the active effect of the Feast, the damage of the 2000 points was halved and weakened again, leaving only 1,000 points.

From 10,000 to 1,000, a total of 9,000 had been cut off. In terms of percentage, it was only one-tenth effective. This was the reason why Qin Luo Sheng had specifically chosen the place where the dark and undead monsters were training.

He had no choice.

Damn!

Except.

After much calculation, he had missed a point.

Unexpectedly, there was such a weirdo as the Head Deacon in the Moon God Temple.

Even though they were in the Dark Faction, their powers were mainly focused on the moonlight.

But it was precisely this anomaly that made Qin Sheng suffer.

"Violent attacks? I like it!"

What was the point of a crushing battle?

It was this sort of battle where one came and went that stimulated Qin Sheng's blood, excited him, and allowed him to grow.

"It's been a long time!"

Both sides exploded with attacks. Either you die, or I die.

"Come, let me see how far you can go!"

It was not completely useless to take the attack head-on.

At least.

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng had already broken out of the encirclement and was less than five meters away from him.

"Do you still want to get close to me? You won't have the chance!"

The Head Zealot was a Magical BOSS. He had once held a high position and was in charge of the power of the Moon Temple. He was quite good at protecting himself.

Blink was just one of the life-saving skills.

Other than that.

There was also the protection of the magical energy shield. It could repel magic and speed up the retreat of magic…

All sorts of things.

There were many variations.

If a warrior had more skills than a mage, he would be humiliating himself.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any intention of competing with the Head Zealot's flashy techniques at all. He only relied on his speed that was far superior to the Head Zealot's and followed closely behind, clenching his teeth and sticking close to him. Moreover, he attacked relentlessly, not giving him any chance to catch his breath.

Sacred Flame + 5 m attack distance, Sword Aura + 2 m!

The attack range of a total of seven meters was not something that the Head Zealot could break free from. Moreover, as they moved continuously, Qin Sheng approached him bit by bit while fiercely attacking.

Exploding Attack Style had one of the most obvious characteristics: high attack and weak defense.

The Grand Zealot was like this.

Qin Luo Sheng was the same.

The Head Zealot had an advantage, which was that his health bar was extremely thick, reaching 1.25 million points!

Qin Luo Sheng also had an advantage. It was a bag of potions, especially the Dragon Blood Pills. With one pill, he could instantly recover 10,000 health points. It was awesome.

"Haven't you realized the gap between us?"

After a round of attacks, the Head Zealot did not gain any advantage at all. On the contrary, his health points were cut by Qin Sheng's maggot-like fighting style. "Even though my enhancement skills have gone through several times, with the Heart of the Brave, Blood Burst and Holy Flame, I will definitely kill you in the remaining 30 seconds!"

"He really said something crazy!"

The Head Zealot's face was twisted. "Brat, you want this old one's life, you're still too young.—Clear Glow Moon Cold!"

"Dream on!"

Qin Sheng, who had been keeping a close eye on the Head Zealot's health bar, had long since dropped to 30%. He was on full alert, and would not give Qin Luo a chance to perform. "Shadow Trick!"

In an instant.

The High Priest, whose body was surging with energy, froze.

“What did you do?”

Feeling that his body was no longer under his control, the Grand Zealot's face turned cold.

The explosive skill that he had prepared was also dead.

“Did what?”

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the energy dissipate. "I didn't do anything. I just slightly controlled you."

Bastard!

Are you speaking human language?

What did he mean by slightly controlling it?

Why did you hold back the skills that I was about to use!

"It's about time. Let's stop here."

Glancing at the Skill column, he saw that the Skill of the Shadow Warrior had already cooled down. Qin Sheng flung his longsword and said coldly, "You piece of trash who betrayed his faith, go to hell and repent to those Moon God Priests who had fought to the death and sacrificed themselves!"

"Instant Slash!"

In a flash, Qin Sheng crossed several meters in an instant and appeared in front of the Head Zealot. It was the skill he had used since the start of the battle—Instant Slash. Now that thirty seconds had passed and the cooldown was over, he once again helped Qin Sheng approach the Head Zealot.

"Shadow Assault!"

"Shadow Stab!"

The sword slashed down, and the Head Ancestor hurriedly fled.

Qin Luo Sheng's feet moved rapidly as his body flew gracefully to the Head Zealot's side. With a brazen slash, he accurately stabbed the back of his head.

Ding… You have successfully hit the back of the head, triggering the hidden effect of Shadow Sting. The fallen Moon God Grand Zealot has entered a state of dizziness for 1 second! '