Chapter 353: Sanguine Primrose'S Suspicion

"What a familiar scene!"

Looking at the Head Zealot who was jumping up and down like a monkey, he suddenly stopped. Qin Luo clicked his tongue and said, "What a pity, there's no more Berserk Strike this time. However, there's another feast prepared for you.—Dragon Fist!"

A violent punch shot out.

The Head Zealot, who had been stunned by the shadow spike and had no ability to react, had undoubtedly become a target. Qin Luo Sheng's explosive punch landed heavily on his chest.

Boom!

It was like a thunderclap striking down, causing rocks to shatter.

He used all his strength and channeled all his energy into his punch. How could a weak Magical Boss like the High Priest defend against it?

-13,5030!

300% damage and a critical hit was triggered. Not only did it take away 6 digits of the Grand Zealot's health, but it was also sent flying.

How could Qin Sheng miss such a good opportunity?

His feet moved on the spot as he chased after the Head Zealot who was sent flying by the hammer. He was unable to borrow strength in the air and was unable to react. The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] were cold and filled with a thick murderous aura.

Swish! Swish!

After two slashes, the Head Zealot regained his mobility. He teleported again and dodged Qin Luo Sheng's next move.

Current Health Points: 98,224 / 1250000

It dropped to 100,000 points.

In other words…

It was less than 10%!

Instantly.

Qin Luo's heart trembled.

Was this the final explosive point?

Previously, he had killed it directly. In the end, not only did it revive, it even evolved.

This time, it shouldn't happen, right?

After all, it was only a Gold grade boss. How could it be so shameless?

“Brat, you were actually able to force this old one to such a state. You should be proud of yourself.”

The Head Zealot’s face was completely distorted, and thick veins bulged violently on his forehead. “However, this is the end of it. Today, this old man will let you experience what a transcendent power is. Consider this your reward for pleasing this old man. To die under this move, your life is not in vain.—Moon Praying Divine Art!”

"Is he finally going to make a big move? Sorry, I've been waiting for this moment."

Even though the Head Zealot was only an enhanced Gold Boss now, he was, after all, the former leader of the Moon Temple, a boss-level character who had competed with the Lich of the Undead. He was proficient in Qin Sheng's magic which he could not resist the most. How could Qin Sheng not guard against him and even give him a chance to cast it?

As the best sure-kill Dragon Might, he had already used it before. He couldn't use it twice on the same target, even if the Head Ancestor evolved and was completely different from his original form.

Still.

The Dragon's Might was gone, and the other control skills were more or less used, but Qin Sheng still had another trump card.

Deng deng deng…

A strange muffled sound rang out as a weak orange light spread out and drowned out the silver moonlight surrounding the Head Deacon.

"Soul Lamp Spirit Voice!"

Soul Guiding Lamp.

That's right.

What Qin Luo Sheng was holding was precisely the Soul Guiding Lamp he had obtained from the Gravedigger.

A series of unclear sounds rang out in a chaotic and disorderly manner. They were also like the reverberations of Buddhist chants, filled with a sense of mystery and loneliness. It was as if a soul ferryman was slowly sailing over from the River of Forgetfulness, humming softly.

The High Priest was stunned.

Stunned.

Lost.

He lowered his hands, and the violent moonlight energy around him gradually dissipated.

"As expected of a Buddhist treasure. Even an existence with powerful mental strength like the Head Zealot can forcefully confuse one's mind and intimidate one's soul. It's too fierce!"

Qin Luo suppressed his excitement and swung his sword mercilessly.

The last less than 100,000 HP, under the control of three seconds of confusion, was like a candle in the wind, a small boat in a tsunami.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 35 Gold Boss—Fallen Moon God Grand Zealot. Experience Points: 500W +, Reputation Points: 1000! '

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 29 free attribute points! '

As the Head Zealot fell, the notification from the system sounded. Qin Luo's body glowed with golden light before he was once again eliminated.

Awesome!

Qin Sheng could not help but smile when he saw that his level had gone from 28 to 29, and that he was only one step away from reaching the basic level of January.

The feeling of leveling up was truly beautiful.

"Wow, big brother, 666!"

After receiving the news of the Boss being killed, the huge amount of EXP had already been transferred to his account. From the beginning of the battle to the end, all the female members of Rose Society ran over.

"One, two… five, six, seven pieces of equipment? Indeed, pioneering is good. The drop rate is too high, hehe."

The group of girls cried out, their faces flushed red with excitement. Their eyes almost turned into currency symbols.

"He leveled up again?"

Yet.

Sanguine Primrose, on the other hand, was different. She did not even bother to look at the starlight covering the ground. Instead, she looked at Qin Luo Sheng and said meaningfully, "Didn't you just level up not too long ago? Is it really that efficient for a BOSS to level up by one level or 28 to 29?"

Qin Sheng:…

This girl.

Found out?

No way!

I did it so secretly. Did she find out that I was eating alone?

"This is big trouble!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about anything else, but he was afraid that Sanguine Rose would follow the clues and find out his real identity.

In the game world, he was fearless and invincible. The Rose Society was nothing to him.

However, in reality, he was just a loser who had no power or influence. He could only rely on the small amount of money he earned from the game. In front of a real colossus, he was like a piece of trash. He was like a piece of grass that would shatter with a single touch. He could not resist at all.

"Oh? Something's not right!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was the same as ever. One could not tell whether he was happy or sad.

His mind raced as he instantly realized the loophole.

This gaze, this tone, this posture, this expression…

Tsk!

This girl was freaking blowing her top!

She was just suspicious. Or rather, she wasn't even suspicious. She just mentioned it casually and had some thoughts. Otherwise, she wouldn't have acted like this.

Damn it!

She was indeed the woman who brought the Rose Society from nothing to the top six in the Huaxia Guild. She was indeed skillful and scheming.

"Don't panic, don't panic, don't let her see through it!"

Qin Luo kept hypnotizing himself.

Fortunately, he had been a loser for too long and was not good at facing girls. Most of the time, he had a poker face. Otherwise, he would have been exposed directly and exposed himself.

"Whether it's a real fight or a fake one, as long as I don't admit it, what can you f*cking do to me? No matter what, I'll pretend first and deal with it later."