Chapter 364: Special Skill: Blood Boiling

"Sister Rose, what are they talking about?"

The fifteen or sixteen year old cute girls led by Lily listened to Qin Luo and the Blood Moon Zombie's conversation in confusion. They could not understand at all!

"This…"

The vice president, who had been asked to come to the door, had a red face and slightly tipsy eyes. It was obvious that as an experienced driver, he instantly understood Qin Sheng's driving words.

He secretly glanced around.

She saw that most of her sisters had rosy cheeks, and there were even a few older women like her who had already stepped out of society. They revealed the legendary "auntie infatuated smile". Their eyes were soft and moist, and they even looked like they were in a trance. It was obvious that they were thinking about something in their heads, causing the pure younger sisters to look doubtful. They immediately felt a headache.

"Don't ask, they're talking nonsense!"

She glared at the man and patted Lily's head. She complained unhappily, "All men are bad."

Qin Luo Sheng did not know that his "Glib-tongued Lotus Flower" was only targeted at the Blood Moon Zombie's psychological attacks. He was actually being ridiculed crazily by the girls. At this moment, he was madly beating up the Blood Moon Zombie whose mental state had collapsed. It was a completely crushing battle without the slightest bit of pressure.

Less than 20 seconds.

Under Qin Luo's fierce assault with all his firepower, the Blood Moon Zombie directly collapsed.

Even at 10%, the Blood Moon Zombie unleashed a wave of attacks, displaying his final stubbornness.

But he was helpless.

Its Attack Power had been reduced to 10%, only 1,000 points. So what if it exploded? What was the damage?

In response to this, Qin Sheng could not even be bothered to dodge. He took the damage from the skill head-on and then casually gave him two strikes, two critical hits, sending him to the west.

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 37 Gold Boss. EXP gained: 6,50W + Reputation: 1,200! '

Another 6.5 million experience points!

Awesome!

Unfortunately, leveling up from level 29 to level 30 was a threshold.

It was not only the level of First Stage to Second Stage Profession, but it was also the 10th level of Perfect Level Ninth Stage to Break the World. It required double experience points!

This was easy to understand.

To go from level 28 to level 29, one needed nine million experience points. Before that, each level would increase one million experience points, gradually increasing.

However, now that he had leveled up from level 29 to level 30, according to convention, he should need 10 million experience points. However, in reality, he needed 20 million experience points!

This was the doubling of experience points when one was on the verge of level 10. It wasn't just 29 to 30, but also 19 to 20, 9 to 10.

Also…

At Level 30, he could enter the Second Stage Profession.

With this factor, the experience points for leveling up increased again, and on the most basic level, it doubled again.

In other words.

To upgrade from 29 to 30, he needed a total of 30 million experience points!

This really disgusted Qin Sheng.

He had never expected the system to be so f*cked up.

No wonder the final battle with Long Yuan was set to take place a month later. It turned out that this disgusting matter was waiting for him.

Fortunately.

While leveling up, he met the Rose Society and shared the S-rank quest Moon Temple. Otherwise, without the hidden quest monsters and Bosses that gave him a huge amount of experience, he might not be able to level up to Level 30 even if he spent all his time in the game every day!

"Sigh, what's the point of thinking about this? Since it's already set in stone, it's useless even if I'm unhappy!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and tossed the distracting thoughts to the back of his mind. He did not even look at the starlight that had erupted from the Blood Moon Zombie. According to the agreement, the Rose Society girls who had already run over would naturally clean up the mess, while his spoils of war were the corpses of the Blood Moon Zombies.

He waved his hand!

Collecting Skill!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Blood Spirit Crystal * 1.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Skill Crystal x1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

It was a familiar routine again. After the two harvests were obtained, the oil was drained.

Qin Sheng did not care about this. What he cared about was that the harvesting process had changed.

If he was not in a hurry to read the words, killing the Blood Moon Zombies roaming outside, what he collected seemed to be Blood Moon Corpse Tooth and Blood Moon Corpse Poison?

Why?

What if the product was different now?

Well.

Who cares?

As long as it was good stuff, they could not wait to be replaced. If it was possible, they could even ask for more!

[Blood Spirit Crystal]

Type: Crystal

Grade: High

Effect: Embedding, Forging, Weapon Forging

Introduction: A crystal that contains special energy. After fusing it into a weapon, it will give the weapon the ability to change blood.

Holy shit!

So awesome?

Blood conversion?

Wasn't that the elegant explanation of sucking blood?

If he were to add this to the [Coiling Dragon Li Water], wouldn't the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] have the same effect as the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]?

Indeed.

The items on the Boss were the real good stuff!

As long as it was used in the right place, its value was no less than an Epic equipment.

‘ Of course.’

Those that were worthy of this Blood Spirit Crystal naturally couldn’t be ordinary. Otherwise, they would be wasting good treasures.

As a Legendary weapon, the current number one equipment ranking, [Coiling Dragon Water], definitely had the qualifications.

Keep it well!

Come!

Continue!

Next item!

[Skill Crystal]

Type: Crystal

Grade:???

Effect: Skill comprehension

Introduction: A crystal that seals a certain ability. Observe it and learn the skill contained within.

"A crystal with a skill sealed inside? Isn't this an alternative skill book?"

Qin Qin was not very surprised.

Still.

He was quite happy to receive a skill book.

However, he did not know if the skills sealed in the Skill Crystal were worth fighting or if the effects were strong enough to suit him!

"Miracle Starlight!"

Glancing at the girls who were squatting and cleaning up the battlefield, Qin Sheng took a few steps away. With his back facing them, he quietly performed the Starlight Miracle Evolution.

"Ding… Current target is a special item, unable to sublimate!"

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

You're awesome!

Qin Luo no longer harbored any illusions as he grabbed the Skill Crystal. The next moment, the system's notification sounded beside his ear.

"Ding… Special item [Skill Crystal] detected. Do you understand?"

What nonsense. If he didn't comprehend it, would he keep it to give birth?

"Comprehension!"

At his command, the Skill Crystal gradually melted in Qin Luo's hands, turning into specks of light that seeped into his glabella.

Ding… you have learned a special skill—Blood Boiling! '

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, when you are observing the [Blood Boiling] practice, you have entered the proficient realm. The effect of [Blood Boiling] has increased!"

Qin Sheng:…

What the heck!

Comprehension, you've finally shown your f*cking use. You're no longer a small fry that can only increase the proficiency of your skills faster.

Dad was pleased.

A perception of 58 points is finally not letting me down!

He quickly opened his skill window—

[Blood Boiling (Special)] After activation, the blood would boil and enter an excited state. All attributes would be increased by 50%, and the basic blood absorption effect would be increased by 20%. At the same time, the blood absorption ability that the user already had would be doubled (up to 100%). The control over blood would be greatly increased. Any attack that came into contact with the surface of the body would activate the power of blood, rupture the blood vessels, and cause the blood to bleed. Once the target bled, the amount of blood would double, and the bleeding would not stop. As the amount of blood was increased, the total attributes would gradually decrease by a percentage! Duration: 5 minutes, Cooldown: 10 hours!