Chapter 360: Apologize! Did Sanguine Primrose Bow Her Head?

Instantly.

Qin Luo rose up, his body turning into a series of afterimages as he frantically shuttled back and forth in the area he had locked onto.

Every time he moved, the [Coiling Dragon Liquid] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands, the cold and sharp edge of the sword, would attack all the undead zombies in this moving line, bringing terrifyingly high damage numbers.

Five seconds later.

Along with the few unlucky fellows who had already intruded into this area, more than 30 undead zombies had all been killed by Qin Sheng's Mad Shadow Slash.

"Hurry up and retreat. Leave this place to me!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned his head slightly and looked at the two female shield warriors who were panting heavily. He ordered indifferently, then flapped the silver cloak on his back and faced the hundreds of sinister-looking undead zombies. Instead of retreating, he advanced bravely and fearlessly, stepping forward to block in front of all the girls.

One man to hold the pass, ten thousand men to hold the pass.

Standing alone against a thousand armies, ten thousand armies would retreat!

"I'm sorry, sisters. I've fallen for him. I want this man!"

"Hmph, you said you want it, but I like it too. I want it too."

"Stop arguing. He's mine. You old women aren't as cute as him. Weeping Soul Darling will definitely choose me."

"Get lost, little slut. Who's your darling? Shameless!"

“Don’t say anything. Don’t think that just because you’re a Hall Master you can use your power to suppress others. Weeping Soul, this mushroom woman is definitely going to take it.”

"…"

The scene was in chaos.

The plastic sisterhood was fully displayed here.

He had no choice.

Both the younger sister and the elder sister had been thoroughly impressed by Qin Sheng.

Not to mention the gentleness of saving them from danger and the ease of slaughtering more than thirty undead zombies with a single move, just the slightly tilted head, the cold and gentle gaze, and the sharp side profile of his face that caused them to be incomparably stunned and their hearts to shake.

Ah ah ah ~ ~ ~

What a seductive little brother!

Initially, he was just a little handsome, but now, with the enhancement of the setting, temperament, charisma, and recognition from his heart, the little handsome became extremely handsome.

Huh?

What was that?

I have a nosebleed?

F*ck!

I can't believe there will be a day when I get aroused by a man and get a nosebleed from being teased?

Unfavorable!

"A bunch of women!"

Yet.

Perhaps all the girls would never have imagined that the man they were fantasizing about, Qin Sheng, was slaying the spirit zombie while complaining about them.

“Isn’t it good to just lie down and earn experience? Why must you cause trouble? After you’re done, you don’t have the capital and strength to solve it, and you still need me to clean up your mess.—Tch!”

Everything was going according to plan.

Now.

The augmentation skill was forced out, and the four summoning skills were also forced out.

However, the former only had a maximum cooldown of ten minutes, and it would pass in a while.

But the Summoning Skill, the one with the shortest cooldown, would take three hours to summon the Death Bones. The other three would take all twenty-four hours, a full day.

These were all trump cards that could be used to deal with the Undead Lich, but they were useless.

Qin Luo Sheng also said nothing.

"I've got to stay away from these chicks from now on. Even though they're pretty strong, they're way too irrational."

If not for the S-rank mission suppressing Qin Luo, perhaps he would have quit a long time ago. F*ck, a bunch of ZZs. Whoever wants to serve him can go ahead. I'm not serving him anymore anyway.

With the two behemoths, the Armored Dragon and the Skeleton of Death, the aggro range had also been widened. As Qin Sheng joined the battle, the wights and zombies were utterly defeated. Very soon, they charged back through the door and continued deeper into the side hall.

The undead zombies, which had not been pulled down by Qin Luo earlier, were now hopping over from the corner and the shadows.

Twenty minutes later.

The four great rescuers that had been summoned had long since disappeared. Qin Sheng alone held two long swords in his hands and stood amidst the pile of corpses of the wights and zombies. His entire body was shrouded in a baleful aura, like a demon god.

"Clean up the battlefield!"

This time, Qin Sheng did not collect anything. He waved his hand and instructed in a slightly hoarse voice. Then, he walked a little further away and leaned against a pillar before sitting down.

He was really tired.

These twenty minutes had never stopped. Every second was spent in a high-intensity battle. Even though his physique was extraordinary, he was not made of steel. Who could withstand this?

"…"

The girls looked at Qin Sheng's fatigued appearance and obediently did not disturb him. Even Sanguine Primrose's mouth was slightly agape, but she did not say anything in the end. She turned around and joined the scavenger team to collect her loot!

Five minutes later.

The carpet-like starlight was cleaned up.

Under Qin Luo's 36 Luck points, the drop rate of hundreds of undead zombies was extremely high. He had collected nearly a hundred pieces of equipment in total. On average, one piece of equipment dropped for every five undead zombies. It was very powerful.

"There are a total of 93 pieces of equipment. According to the market price, it's about 700 gold coins, seven skill books, five Black Iron 50 gold coins, and two Bronze 100 gold coins. This is 850 gold coins!"

After making some calculations, Sanguine Rose walked over to Qin Sheng and reported the bill.

"Alright!"

After replenishing some food and water and resting for a while, Qin Sheng recovered a lot. He agreed to Sanguine Primrose's deal and received his share of the profits.

"How cheap!"

Another 850 gold coins were put into the account. With today's 1: 1350 ratio, if converted to RMB, it would be around 11,500 +. It was not bad. However, compared to just now, the dividend from killing the decadent Chief Zealot of the Moon God Realm was really incomparable.

Nearly a hundred pieces of equipment and seven Skill Books were not even comparable to a Boss!

This was the value of high-end equipment. One piece was worth at least ten pieces.

"It seems like killing a BOSS is the only way to get rich!"

Qin Luo got up and twisted his wrist and body. "Whether it's the experience points, equipment or the Boss, the rewards are high!"

Qin Sheng sighed and turned his head to look at the dozen or so girls who were staring at him eagerly. He frowned and his expression turned solemn.

“Perhaps you should give me an explanation.”

Ignoring the pitiful pleading eyes of Lily and the others, Qin Sheng met the eyes of the Bloody Rose directly. His cold tone was mixed with a hint of anger.

"I'm sorry, I was wrong. I gave the wrong order!"

Initially, he thought that a proud woman like Sanguine Primrose would either refuse to admit her mistake or remain silent.

Never did he expect her to directly admit her mistake!

Besides.

It did not seem to be a disguise. His attitude was very sincere.

At least, Qin Sheng could not see any tricks or flaws.

"Could it be that she's really mistaken?"

Qin Qin Sheng was very skeptical.