Chapter 361: Revived Boss, Enhanced Blood Moon Zombie

Whether it was acting or sincerity.

Qin Luo ignored him.

He looked deeply at Sanguine Primrose and said: "You should understand that we are only in a cooperative relationship. If you share the quest with me, I will guarantee that you will complete it. That is all."

“The agreement made it clear that I will not interfere with your freedom, but the final command is mine. Your non-stop orders, your act of discretion, almost led to total annihilation, have violated the agreement.”

His tone was extremely calm, without any fluctuations at all. However, it made all the girls tremble in fear, not even daring to breathe loudly.

Even Sanguine Rose, whose aura was similarly strong, was suppressed by Qin Sheng's aura at this moment. She did not dare to open her mouth and could only listen silently.

“This is the first and last time.”

Qin Luo let out a shaky breath and said coldly, "If it happens again, I won't save you."

"Perhaps you haven't understood the current situation."

Then, he changed the topic and became cold and full of killing intent. "In fact, I have already come this far. Even if you all die, I can still complete the mission alone. If I were a little more ruthless, I could even kill you all personally and take the entire Moon God Temple for myself."

All the girls' expressions changed instantly.

Yet.

Without waiting for them to react, Qin Sheng turned around and strode away.

This was just a warning.

He did not mean much.

After all.

Sanguine Primrose's apology had also caused Qin Luo's anger to dissipate quite a bit.

Who could reject such a beautiful and icy goddess? She would lower her noble head in front of you, apologize seriously, and beg you softly?

Qin Luo could not!

Except.

He still had to remind her. Otherwise, who knew if this woman would act up again?

If that situation were to happen again, Qin Sheng would surely go crazy!

Besides.

If he were to replicate the previous crisis, even if Qin Sheng used all his strength, he might not necessarily be able to ensure everyone's safety like this time.

If the monsters attacked together, he did not have three heads and six arms. How could he block all the attacks?

Sigh!

He only hoped that these girls would listen to him!!!

Still.

Qin Qin was not too hopeful either.

He was a young man and a proud daughter of heaven. She had been raised in his hands since she was young. How could she maintain her dignity after being reprimanded by him?

The more you say, the more I want to do the opposite!

This was the current state of the young.

Qin Qin Sheng understood very well.

After all, he was also from that age.

However, as someone who had lived two lifetimes and was close to thirty years old in his previous life, he had long passed his adolescence and eliminated his rebellious thoughts.

"I'm not your parents. I won't always spoil you. If you don't listen to my advice, then don't blame me for not saving you."

He had said his piece.

It was up to him whether to listen or not.

Qin Qin Sheng felt that he had done his part.

Was it life or death?

The decision was left to the ladies.

"Wu ~ ~ ~ Little brother is so scary!"

Qin Luo Sheng's murderous words had clearly frightened a few cute girls. They hugged each other and shivered.

“I understand. I can assure you this will not happen a second time.”

Qin Luo's words could scare the cute girls from the ivory tower, but they could not scare the shrewd people like Sanguine Primrose.

Sanguine Primrose knew very well that this was merely a warning. When Qin Sheng said this, it meant that the matter had passed. But at the same time, it also meant that this was an ultimatum.

If that incident had happened again, Sanguine Rose was certain that Qin Sheng would really have a heart of stone and would no longer care about them. He would have left them to fend for themselves.

This man could do such a thing.

"Remember what you said!"

Qin Luo did not turn his head. He merely paused for a moment before continuing forward. "This matter ends here. Let's continue!"

At this moment, there was no sound in the spacious side hall, and it seemed especially quiet and cold.

With such a large formation just now, logically speaking, all the undead zombies should have been attracted over, and there should not have been any missed.

Yet.

The current location of Qin Luo Sheng and the others was only slightly further away from the central area of this side hall. There was still at least two-fifths of its area that had yet to be explored.

"Let's go. The guardian BOSS here should be in front!"

It was two-fifths of the area. Qin Sheng would never believe it if it was an empty space. Then, there was only one explanation. That area was where the Boss was. Therefore, small fries like the Dead Zombie would not dare to enter that area.

"I just hope that the Boss is not too ridiculous!"

Qin Sheng, who was walking ahead to scout, could not help but think of the Boss guarding the main hall, the fallen Chief Zealot of the Moon God, and his heart instantly turned gloomy. "I wonder how many checkpoints there are in the Moon Temple. There are a few Bosses. The first guard dog Chief Zealot is already so impressive. The ones after that are simply unimaginable."

At this moment.

Most likely, only the word "S" could bring Qin Luo a little comfort.

[S] class!

Yes, it was only [S] class.

He had even cleared the SSS mission. What was there to fear about a mere [S] class?

"This is?"

Along the way, Qin Sheng finally saw a different scenery.

In the deepest part of the side chamber, there was no longer a dilapidated and empty space. Instead, there was a stone platform about two meters tall. On top of the stone platform was a semi-circular vessel. The middle of the vessel was hollowed out, and the faint sound of flowing water could be heard.

"After sleeping for so long, someone finally broke into the Moon Temple?"

Accompanied by the sound of crashing waves, a low and hoarse voice that was filled with killing intent also sounded from the vessels on the stone platform.

Bang!

With a loud bang, the thick stone wall of the vessel was broken. The scarlet blood within was like the Milky Way of the Nine Heavens pouring down.

"Retreat!"

There was no need for Qin Luo to give any instructions. The girls from the Rose Society, who were already seated at the back, were like rabbits as they hopped around extremely quickly. A puff of smoke escaped to the back without any impact.

Qin Sheng:…

Although this is my order, I can't help but complain,

Your movements are beautiful, graceful, and graceful, but your actions are really like dogs. Are you so familiar with selling your teammates?

MLGBD!

As your teammate, I really don't feel safe at all!

Luckily, it was just a short-term cooperation. If it was a fixed team, my blood pressure would probably rise.

"Yo, there are quite a lot of people here this time, and all of them are of high quality!"

In the blood pool, a green-faced, buck-toothed zombie that was full of demonic charm stood up and looked at Qin Sheng and the others. Its blood-red eyes were filled with cruelty and greed. "Mhm ~ ~ ~ More than ten pure young girls. This is really a great gift. After absorbing too much of the mixed and turbid inferior blood, one will miss the pure and cold young girls' blood. That is the most supreme delicacy in the world! Hahaha ~ ~ ~"