Chapter 369: The Boss Is Lp?

High-grade materials!

It was really a high-grade material!

Never in his wildest dreams had Qin Luo Sheng imagined that even the BOSS was not an elite monster and could actually gather high-grade materials. This was simply inconceivable.

Except.

When he thought of how terrifying the zombie virus was, Qin Sheng felt that it made sense.

It was indeed amazing that it could reduce health points and all attributes by 100%.

It might not be obvious in the early stages because the players' basic stats were too poor. On the contrary, it would be more powerful if the players' health was deducted seriously.

However, as long as the game entered the mid to late stages, this percentage reduction advantage would appear. It was absolutely terrifying.

Still.

Now this was just a fantasy.

If one wanted to control high-grade ingredients and guarantee a certain success rate, then one’s alchemy skills must at least be high-grade.

Now, where could he find an alchemist with advanced alchemy skills?

Maybe there was.

He must be a lucky person with talent in this area.

But this kind of talent, how could it be Qin Luo's turn? He had long been poached by those big guilds, big factions, and large financial groups.

"What a headache!"

He held the good stuff in his hands, but he had nowhere to put his hands on it. Qin Luo instantly felt a headache, but so what? He could only temporarily seal this thing, hoping that his luck would explode in the future and he would encounter a fated life-type big shot.

Besides.

There was nothing he could do even if he had the materials. He did not even have the formula. Should he refine it randomly or lower the requirements to refine some low-level sub-quality music?

"Sigh!"

Qin Sheng silently looked at the hundreds of high-level viral samples and stuffed them into the bottom of his backpack. As expected, this thing would not see daylight for a long time.

"You guys go ahead, I'll scout ahead."

Closing his backpack, he looked at the female Rose Society members who were still picking up the spoils of war and cleaning up the last battlefield. Qin Sheng twisted his neck and wrist and said something in the chat. He did not care if Sanguine Rose agreed or not, he decided to act first and report later, before setting off on his own.

The layout of this place was similar to the left side hall, but the only difference was that this was the Boss' nest or small nest.

The place where the Blood Moon Zombie was located was a vessel made of special stones. What flowed inside was a blood pool formed from blood. He was lying inside.

And here.

It was also a stone platform, but it was not as fancy as the Blood Moon Zombie. It was just an ordinary stone platform.

"Oh? There's actually someone who can settle those little cuties of This King and come here?"

Accompanied by a series of clanking sounds of metal chains, a hoarse and deep voice was heard.

He looked up.

He saw…

On the stone platform, there was a bare-chested man with dark skin. He was sitting there in meditation.

"This style? It looks like…"

With the lesson learned from the Blood Moon Zombie, Qin Sheng had a rough idea in his heart.

Although this guy looked somewhat different from the one he had met before, regardless of appearance, aura, or style, he was far superior in every aspect. In general, he was indeed 70 to 80% similar to that guy.

That's right.

The zombie king is you.

‘ You don’t have to hide any more. I already recognized you.’

"Is it a BOSS?"

At this moment.

The Rose Society girls who had hastily finished cleaning up the battlefield also rushed over. Before they could blame Qin Sheng for leaving the team and moving alone, they were immediately attracted by the Boss on the stone platform that seemed to be a Corpse King. All of them became nervous.

"One man and more than ten women. Tsk tsk, little brat, you have good luck with women!"

The girls from the Rose Society came and gathered together. Boss opened his eyes and stood up from his meditation. "What pure energy! Out of the fifteen people, ten of them are pure girls. Little brat, is your body not good enough? You can't even enjoy such good luck with women? It's a pity that I don't like women. Otherwise, I would definitely help you."

Qin Sheng:…

Enough.

Stop talking about LSS.

I'm still single. Why do you have to hurt me like this?

Still.

Was this BOSS that impressive?

He could even tell if she was a pure maiden?

Tsk!

Was this considered an invasion of the players' privacy?

"Fifteen women, and ten of them are still the same? This is too unbelievable. What kind of society is this? It's a society where material desires are everywhere and money is everything. There's actually such a conservative girl? I'm speechless!"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze could not help but drift as he looked at the Rose Society girls behind him.

Was she a pure girl or a woman who had been influenced?

Qin Luo Sheng could not tell at first, but because of one sentence from the Boss, he had the capability.

Because.

When he glanced at her, she lowered her head in embarrassment. There was no doubt that she was blushing.

As for those girls whose faces were also flushed red, they either avoided his gaze or looked into his eyes. They were either teasing him, but they did not lower their heads. They were definitely experienced.

He counted carefully.

Hey!

That was damn accurate.

Of the ten people who lowered their heads, five did not.

It was exactly what the BOSS said.

Instantly.

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the Boss with admiration.

Brother.

Where did you learn this trick? Can you teach me?

"Isn't it good to enjoy a good life at such a young age? Why did you have to be bewitched by those filthy rulers? Your blood is boiling just by saying a few words. Do you really think that traveling the pugilistic world is just playing house? You will lose your life!"

Qin Qin Sheng was in a daze. The dozen or so women were also in a daze, but the Boss was not.

He got up, and the huge iron chains that bound his hands immediately released muffled and clear sounds, extremely contradictory sounds.

The next moment.

He suddenly exerted strength.

The chains that were connected to the back wall were immediately broken.

Bang…

A leap.

The Boss fell from the high stone platform. Its violent strength and steel-like body smashed a huge hole in the ground. The surrounding tiles cracked and dust filled the air.

"Since this king has been ordered to guard this place, and all of you have barged into this place, I can only apologize for my lord!"

The Boss walked forward slowly, and his terrifying aura exploded. "Remember, be smart in your next life!"

Probing skill!

[Corpse King (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 13,50000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 125,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 7,500

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 1,200

Skills:???

Introduction: A Corpse King born from absorbing endless grievances. Its body is like steel, invulnerable to swords and spears, and invulnerable to fire and water. It has once slaughtered countless towns and cities. In the end, it was sealed in a forbidden ground by an expert using the Black Iron Chains and suppressed for eternity.