Chapter 363: You Act Cool, But…

Qin Luo Sheng truly regretted it.

Damn it!

The appearance of the Blood Moon Zombie just now was indeed eye-catching. It was so shocking that Qin Sheng thought how awesome this fellow was.

In addition, his preconceived notions had led him to believe that Qin Sheng had misunderstood when the Fallen Moon God was present. He believed that the Blood Moon Zombie behind the High Priest was even more powerful.

In fact.

Even if they discounted the factors that restrained darkness, the Blood Moon Zombie's true strength could not be compared to the Head Zealot. There was a certain gap.

Unfortunately.

The decadent Grand Zealot of the Moon God was a traitor after all. Who would put a traitor in an important position?

Didn't the Lich kill him directly? Then, he imprisoned his soul and transformed his corpse into a puppet.

Even so.

Even though he had become the Head Zealot of his own people, he was still not welcomed. The dignified number one of the Moon Temple had been reduced to a watchdog guarding the gate for the sinister devils. Even the Blood Moon Zombie had a higher status than him. How ironic.

“Vicious Destruction!”

After aiming at the Blood Moon Zombie's knee, Qin Sheng wielded the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] and attacked ferociously.

Three strikes in a row.

The Blood Moon Zombie, whose stats were already in tatters, could not withstand the tyranny of the Epic skills and the power of [Army Breaker]. Its right leg was severed directly from its knee, and Qin Sheng turned it into a "handicapped" using physical techniques.

“Bastard, what did you do?”

In just five seconds, when the Blood Moon Zombie regained consciousness, it suddenly realized that it was on the verge of death.

His powerful body had been suppressed, and his boundless life energy had been weakened by over half. Not only was his indestructible zombie body covered in sword scars, but even his right leg had been severed.

What happened?

The Blood Moon Zombie was very confused.

Wasn't it a young man who brought over a dozen pure and innocent girls to deliver food and a supreme delicacy from thousands of miles away?

Why did the sky change the moment he woke up?

This was illogical!

Clang! Clang!

The Blood Moon Zombie's confusion did not last long before it was awakened by a wave of pain.

Looking up.

The Blood Moon Zombie looked at Qin Luo, who was standing in front of him with a smile on his face and a kind expression on his face. However, there was not a single bit of dissatisfaction in his hands. He kept slashing at Qin Luo non-stop. His originally scarlet pupils instantly turned blood red and were filled with ruthless blood vessels.

"Blood Moon Flowing Goblet!"

With a roar towards the sky, the Blood Moon Zombie opened its arms and opened its mouth wide.

In an instant.

The stone container that he was sleeping in earlier shook.

The next moment, the fresh blood stored inside swept over crazily as if it was attracted by something and was swallowed by the Blood Moon Zombie.

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

+ 10000!

…

Countless green recovery numbers suddenly appeared above the Blood Moon Zombie's head. Each one was five digits.

Qin Sheng blinked several times in a second, but after stopping and glancing at his health bar, he was stunned.

Tsk!

He recovered 500,000 points in a second?

Dog System, are you f*cking serious?

"What sweet blood!"

When the Blood Moon Zombie's health points recovered to more than half, it immediately cracked a smile and let out a carefree sound. At the same time, its scarlet eyes stared at the dozen or so girls who were shivering and said coldly, "You guys caused me to consume the blood pool that I have stored for many years. Then, use your blood as compensation!"

"It seems like you've made some incredible comments!"

Qin Luo Sheng almost could not hold back his laughter. Looking at the Blood Moon Zombie who had a serious and pretentious look on its face, he could not help but ridicule, "With your current trash-like ability, are you still daydreaming?"

As he spoke.

I closed in abruptly, the muscles on my arm bulging as I used all my strength. A Dragon Fist landed heavily on the Blood Moon Zombie’s face.

An incomparably violent fist, without any surprise, directly repelled the Blood Moon Zombie.

"Wow, it's a physical BOSS after all. There's nothing to say about its physique. Even though it has been weakened to such an extent, it only managed to defeat it."

Qin Luo Sheng summoned [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and followed closely behind him, beating him up furiously. "Even the Head Zealot was sent flying by a single punch from me. You're still able to stabilize your body, but you're not weak at all. It's a pity that I've restrained you too severely. You, your colleagues, and even your master, the Undead Lich, I'll send them all to hell one after another. You'll be the first to go down and scout for them!"

The power of the dragon fist had yet to dissipate when the Blood Moon Zombie bent its back and retreated frantically. It was completely unable to regain control of its body and stop its body.

On top of that, his right leg was broken, making it even more difficult for him to move. It was difficult for him to control his body's balance. He was so crooked that he almost fell several times.

If not for the fact that he was a zombie and relied on jumping to move, any normal person would have been rolling on the ground.

"Why, are you not talking anymore? Weren't you being quite arrogant just now? Come, let me see how you crushed me to death. How did you treat them as your food and draw their blood?"

Qin Luo followed the Blood Moon Zombie's retreating body. As he attacked furiously, he spat out fragrant attacks at the heart. The Blood Moon Zombie cried out in anger, but it could not refute.

"Sigh, when you first appeared, you were so cool and mighty."

Finally.

The Blood Moon Zombie's figure stopped. He took back control of his body, but this could not change anything at all.

His speed was already inferior to Qin Sheng's, and he had been severely weakened. Now, he was even inferior to his younger brother, the undead zombie. How could he possibly evade Qin Sheng's pursuit, which had exploded with speed?

"You look cool when you posture, but the way you get beaten up is equally beautiful. I like it!"

Puchi ~

The girls of the Primrose Militia couldn't help but laugh when they heard this. Even Sanguine Primrose, who was as cold as ice, couldn't help but smile.

They laughed, but as Blood Moon Zombies that were ridiculed, their mood was not very good.

It instantly broke through his defense.

"Damn brat, I'm going to suck you dry!"

Shit?

Suck them dry?

Wasn't this too ruthless?

"Don't, don't!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a terrified expression, "Isn't this too cruel for me? Why don't you take a look at yourself in the mirror and see your face? F*ck, with just one sentence from you, I'll definitely have nightmares at night. I'm willing to suck you dry, but you wretched man, get as far away as you can. If it were a hundred beautiful girls, I'd just surrender. Even if I'm sucked dry, I won't resist."

Was he driving?

He was driving!

Bastard, the speed of the car was too fast. The wheels of the car were pressing on his face!

How dare he act like a gangster in front of so many girls? There were even a few underage country girls among them.

Was he looking for shit?

Uncle JC was on his way with a brand new silver bracelet!