Chapter 368: High-Grade Materials: Special Virus Sample

"No, this is too slow!"

Qin Sheng frowned when he saw the second and third undead zombies and the fourth approaching.

"He's still too optimistic!"

Qin Luo Sheng pondered as he attacked. "To deal with the undead zombies without any injuries, the attack power is still lacking quite a bit and the efficiency is a little slow. To achieve the ideal effect, you either have to take the attack head-on and use the time to dodge to deal damage, or continue to increase the attack power and increase the efficiency."

Fight head-on?

Qin Luo Sheng immediately gave up on this idea.

Nothing else.

This undead zombie was really disgusting. Qin Sheng did not want to be touched by their stinky claws when he had a choice.

Since that was the case…

Then there was only one choice—

To strengthen himself.

Currently, there were only four people who could increase their attack power: Heart of Courage, Skywolf, Blood Burst, and Holy Flame!

Among them, except for the Sirius, which only required five minutes, the Heart of the Brave, the Violent Blood Art, and the Holy Flame all required a cooldown of ten minutes!

And.

The Skywolf, Heart of Courage, and Blood Explosion Technique lasted for one minute, but Holy Flame lasted for three.

If that was the case…

First, he activated the Skywolf. One minute later, he activated Heart of Courage, Blood Eruption, and Holy Flame. This continued for another five minutes. The Skywolf had finished its cooldown and could be activated again.

After calculating for six minutes, Qin Sheng was still under the enhancement state.

As for the blank time in six minutes, there was no other way. He could only take drugs and slow down his speed. Or rather, he could grit his teeth and fight against the undead zombies for a while.

He did as he was told.

"Sirius!"

"Ding! Your attack power has increased by 100%. Critical strike chance has increased by 100%. Duration: 60 seconds!"

Attack power doubled, critical strike chance increased to 100%!

Qin Luo stood up instantly.

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

Attack increased by 20% again. Additionally, the attack range increased by 2 meters. The basic attack became Sword Aura attack.

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

The sword exploded, and the damage was more than six digits.

Previously, he needed 7,8 swords. Now, he only needed 3,4 swords to kill a zombie.

The efficiency increased in an instant.

Initially, Qin Luo Sheng was worried that he would not be able to keep up with the Peony of Fallen City when he killed monsters. Now, it was her efficiency that had slowed down by quite a bit. She instantly exerted all her strength and drew her bow and shot arrows frantically.

A minute later.

The Heavenly Wolf effect time ended.

“Violent Blood Art!”

Without hesitation, Qin Luo followed up with an augmentation skill.

Another minute passed.

"Heart of Courage!"

Another minute later.

"Be careful, I'm going to open Unparalleled!"

After a few minutes of following the routine, Qin Sheng could no longer suppress his boiling blood. With a loud roar, under the stunned gaze of the peony beside him, Sanguine Primrose and the rest of the girls from the Primrose Militia not too far away, activated the strategy they had used to attract the undead zombies in the left side hall.

"Wu wu wu…"

Unlike the thumping sounds of the wights and zombies jumping, the wights and zombies had mutated and were born due to the virus. They still retained a portion of their function when they were alive. They let out tiny "wu wu" sounds and sped towards Qin Luo.

-116000!

-116000!

-116000!

-116000!

-116000!

Finally, Qin Sheng no longer controlled the range of these two weakening skills, Dragon Might and Death Gaze. He released them with all his might. As far as his vision could reach, seventy to eighty undead zombies were all hit. A patch of red floated above his head.

"Sacred Flame!"

Driving the zombie army that was closing in, Qin Sheng was not afraid at all. Instead, the corners of his lips curled up into an excited smile.

Golden light shone, holy flames burned.

[Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] were instantly covered in golden flames, looking awe-inspiring and inviolable.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

The augmentation of the Holy Flame not only increased all attributes by 100%, but also dealt four times the damage to the dark monsters. The attack range was + 5 meters, and there was also a split damage. It was most suitable for Qin Luo Sheng's current situation.

“Stay back, all of you. If you want help, kill them one by one. Don’t provoke too many.”

Qin Luo instructed before immediately swimming away.

The undead zombies that were attracted over were all affected by the Dragon's Aura. The Dragon's Aura was not just an ability to reduce all attributes by 20%. One of the special effects was that the enemies who were intimidated by the Dragon's Aura would have their Hatred Points locked onto them.

At this time, as long as the Shield Warrior did not act cheaply and used a forceful "taunt", even if it was a crazy beating, the undead zombie would not be bothered and would continue chasing Qin Sheng until he died.

Qin Sheng could take on the undead zombie by force, but not the undead zombie. The poison was too terrifying and he could not withstand it.

Coincidentally.

The Holy Flame + Sword Aura traversed the air, covering an attack range of seven meters. Furthermore, all of the attacks had been transformed into Sword Aura, and they would split apart. Furthermore, the hall was spacious, so it was the best time to engage in group fights.

With the quadruple damage from the Holy Flame, it was extremely easy to kill a zombie with only 60% attributes. Basically, it would take two to three strikes.

The undead zombie that was chosen to attack died, and the group of his kind were also dying from the damage of the split attack. They could be killed with a casual strike.

This efficiency.

Compared to how he lured them one by one and slaughtered them one by one, it was many times higher.

Three minutes passed quickly.

In less than 200 seconds, there were close to 100 undead zombies in Qin Luo's hands.

"I'm really not used to it!"

Without the quadruple damage and splitting effect of the holy flame, the attack range was also shorter. Qin Sheng had gone from superman to chicken.

Fortunately, he had already controlled himself. After the effect of the holy flame disappeared, there were only about ten undead zombies chasing him. It was no big deal.

"The duration is short, but the effect is really satisfying!"

This unparalleled feeling was really toxic.

This directly led to Qin Luo activating his holy flame immediately after every 10 minutes of cooldown time had ended. He would then repeat the same routine, attracting monsters crazily, slaughtering people crazily, and courting death.

Three times!

They finally killed their way into the depths of the hall and cleaned up all the undead zombies.

Qin Sheng did not care about the tragic deaths of nearly 600 undead zombies. His EXP bar, which was as high as 30 million, was far from being filled by a few hundred small monsters. He would be satisfied if it could increase by 2% or 3%.

The reason why he was smiling was because Qin Sheng had obtained something even better.

[Special virus sample]

Type: Materials

Grade: High

Effect: Pharmaceutical, Alchemy

Introduction: A very special virus. A sample extracted from a certain infected object. It has matured and can be used to create potions and refine pills!