Chapter 366: Terrifying Zombie Poison

That's right.

Another Level 36 Enhanced Three Star Elite monster.

From the undead zombie on the left side hall, it became the undead zombie now.

Except.

Compare them.

No matter what, they were completely crushed by the undead zombies.

They should be existences on the same level. Why was there such a huge difference?

Something was not right!

"Wait for me, I'll go test it out first."

Qin Luo Sheng frowned slightly and instructed the girls of the Rose Society. Then, he attracted the nearest undead zombie and made him walk over slowly.

"Ding, you are poisoned. Your health points and all attributes decrease by 1% every second. Duration: 15 seconds!"

Qin Sheng, who had intentionally allowed the wights to attack, merely scratched a little. He did not care about the less than 2,000 points of damage, but what shocked him was the battle log that the system had sent over.

Tsk!

No wonder his attributes were completely suppressed by the wights and zombies, but he was still able to stand on equal footing with him. So this was the reason why he was the guardian of the same hall.

In the past, Qin Luosheng had also encountered zombies before, but they weren't that terrifying. This guy in front of him must have mutated. Or was he transformed by the Lich and was a strengthened version?

He had never seen such a perverse poison before!

The deduction of Health Points was directly calculated by percentage, and while deducting Health Points, it also reduced all attributes by percentage?

Damn it.

He could still play?

"My head hurts!"

Qin Luo Sheng covered his forehead and suppressed his restless hands. Finally, he did not have the impulse to kill this undead zombie in front of him. "System, this B doesn't give me a clear indication. Is it effective every second or will it continue to stack?"

Forget it.

Continue the experiment.

Qin Luo Sheng was not afraid of monsters being strong, but he was afraid of monsters having strange abilities. This was very difficult to deal with.

If the toxins of the undead zombies were really so abnormal, they wouldn't be able to replicate the fighting style of the undead zombies just now. They would have to think it over.

"Ding, you are poisoned. Your Health Points decrease by 1% and all attributes decrease by 1% per second for 15 seconds! (Current Health Points decrease by 2% and all attributes decrease by 2% per second)"

F*ck!

It was really superimposed.

Qin Luo's entire person was stunned.

If it was only 1% weakening, then it would be easy to deal with. Even if he was poisoned every moment, it did not matter. He could totally follow the fighting style of dealing with the undead zombies and directly activate the Unparalleled Grass Cutting Mode, attracting all of them to surround and attack.

But.

The poison could be superimposed, which was very disgusting. If they were attacked together, all their attributes would be weakened by a certain percentage, and their health points would decrease by the same percentage every second. They would not be able to withstand it. Even without the attack of the undead zombies, they would die from the poison.

"Priest, heal me. I want to test the limits of this Ghost Toxin."

Qin Luo Sheng shouted loudly. Instantly, the healing spells of the three priests landed at the same time, instantly replenishing the health points he lost from the attacks and poison.

"It feels so good to have milk!"

As he bathed in the power of light, Qin Sheng felt his entire body warm up. It was as if he was soaking in a sauna and his entire body felt comfortable.

With two consecutive slashes, the aggro of the undead zombie that was about to attack the priest was pulled back.

Then…

Qin Qin Sheng continued to remain motionless, allowing the attack to continue.

With his own HP regeneration and the recovery of three Priests, even if the poison deepened and his defense decreased due to the decrease in all attributes, a mere undead zombie would not be able to move at all. The damage would only be two to three thousand. At most, he would be able to recover with five to six thousand critical hits.

"Ding, you have been poisoned. Your health points decrease by 1% and your attributes decrease by 1% per second for 15 seconds! (Current health points decrease by 15% and all attributes decrease by 15% per second)"

Was this the limit?

Qin Sheng, who had been watching the battle log refresh, read the battle log three times in a row.

"The highest poison weakening of undead zombies can reach 15%, and the duration is also 15 seconds."

After killing the undead zombie with a few slashes, Qin Sheng stroked his chin and pondered. "This means that as long as you are poisoned, you can reach the peak value within 15 seconds. This is simply unavoidable. And during this period, if you are attacked again, the poisoning time will be refreshed back to 15 seconds. In other words, the worst case scenario is to use 85% of your peak state to fight to the end."

At this thought,

Qin Qin Sheng felt a little helpless.

It was just a zombie with garbage attributes. 85% of its status was enough to deal with it.

However, the difficulty lay in the fact that his attributes did not matter, but his health points were a little messed up. His health points decreased by 15% every second, which was really disgusting.

With Qin Luosheng's previous 52,272 Health Points, it decreased by 15% every second, which was 7841 points per second. Who could withstand that?

Even if there were three Priests, it was impossible to heal him alone.

“If that’s the case, there’s no other way.”

Qin Luo Sheng could not think of any good ideas and could only compromise. "There's no way to attract attention openly. We can only kill one person at a time. Even if it's a group fight, there can't be more than five."

With the terrain's permission, Qin Luo could fight ten people by himself.

However, this place was full of undead zombies. If they moved too much, they might attract other undead zombies. In this way, they would trigger a chain reaction and be surrounded.

"Then let's join the battle."

After explaining their thoughts to the girls from the Primrose Militia, Sanguine Primrose immediately stood out and said: "Don't object! Even though our strength isn't as good as yours, we can't just sit around doing nothing. You don't have to worry about us, even though we are women, we aren't any worse than men."

As he spoke.

Qin Sheng could not help but glance at Qin Luo. When he thought of this man's terrifying skills and abnormal strength, the corner of his mouth twitched slightly. He gave an almost undetectable snort and said in a somewhat unconvinced but unconvinced manner, "You don't count!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What did that mean?

‘ You mean I’m not considered a man?’

Should I arrange a time and place for a competition? I'll let you know what it means to be a hot-blooded youngster, what it means to be an invincible little charging steel cannon, and what it means to be a super-powered motorbike.

"Whatever!"

Qin Luo responded, "Just don't ask for help when the time comes!"

"Hmph!"

Sanguine Primrose wanted to retaliate, but she had no choice.

It looked like the undead zombie was killing a chicken in Qin Sheng's hands.

However, all the girls present knew that it was really different when they faced this Level 36 Enhanced Three Star Elite monster.

It was not a problem for a dozen of them to deal with a monster without intelligence. After all, the two Shield Specialists and the three Priests were not useless.

At the end of the day, they were also the top tier players. They were the top tier elites of the Rose Society and had been through hundreds of battles. How could they be so weak?

Except.

It was only under Qin Sheng's halo that his presence was so weak and dispensable. It was just like those who relied on coaxing men to lie down and only ate experience!