Chapter 362: Terrifying Weakening, Attack Power -90%?

What the heck!

Was this guy a pervert?

He clearly had a green face and sharp fangs and was extremely ugly, yet he had to pretend to be a rich young master and act in a drama.

Tsk.

Isn't this too scary?

Except.

Where had he seen this look before?!

Was it an illusion?

"Probing!"

[Blood Moon Zombie (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 37

Health Points: 1380000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 10,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 6,500

Magic Defense: 4000

Speed: 900

Skills:???

Introduction: Zombies worship the moon. They use the Moon Spirit Moonlight as their energy source to purify themselves and also evolve themselves. However, the Blood Moon Zombies are different. When they absorb the Moon Spirit Moonlight, they also harm living beings. They feed on the blood of living beings and feed on the resentment of living beings as nutrients. They are cruel and bloodthirsty. They kill and harm lives. They are a great harm to all living beings.

F*ck!

It was actually the Blood Moon Zombie?

Qin Luo Sheng widened his eyes in shock and was immediately stunned.

This fellow.

Weren't they wandering in the wilderness?

Wasn't he already killed?

Why would he appear here?

Besides.

Something was obviously wrong.

The fellow wandering in the wild was also called the Blood Moon Zombie, and the introduction was exactly the same, but he did not know how to speak. Only those who could not attack were like a puppet.

And this fellow in front of him not only knew how to speak, but from his words, it was clear that his intelligence wasn’t low. He was absolutely comparable to that old undying High Priest.

And.

The strength of the two BOSSes were completely different.

The one outside was only a Level 37 Enhanced Silver Boss.

The one in front of him was an enhanced Gold Boss of the same level.

In comparison.

It was an entire grade higher.

F*ck!

"Oh, there's actually a small bug?"

He shifted his gaze from the dozen or so girls from the Rose Society to Qin Sheng, and his face was instantly filled with disdain. "Judging from your appearance, you're also young and vigorous, so the blood in your body should be pretty good. If it was in the past, I'd still be a little interested. But now, there are more than ten pure girls waiting for me to pamper them, and trash like you don't need them anymore. So, can I ask you to die?"

Swish!

A strong wind blew across his face.

The Blood Moon Zombie this fellow first ridiculed, then took advantage of when everyone's attention was distracted to launch a sudden attack.

Young man, you don't talk about virtue!

"How cunning!"

Qin Sheng, who had long been on guard against Qin Luo, would not fall for such a low-level trick. He easily raised his sword and blocked the Blood Moon Zombie's claws. He sneered at the Blood Moon Zombie who had a slightly stunned expression. "Do you really think that I'm young and inexperienced and will be intimidated by your trash talk?"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

Qin Sheng received three augmentation skills in a row. He suddenly exerted strength in his arm and shook the blade of his sword, sending the claws of the Blood Moon Zombie pressing on the [Coiling Dragon Water] flying.

Then.

Taking this opportunity, he took out two bottles of medicine and two pills from his backpack. He drank them all in one gulp.

“Strong Berserk Potion!”

“Potential Potion!”

“Strong Gale Pellet!”

"Strong Steel Medicine!"

Qin Luo Sheng's physical attacks were increased by 20%, all attributes increased by 20%, defense increased by 40% and speed increased by 40%!

Swish…

Qin Sheng evaded Blood Moon Zombie's sharp claws with a sidestep and casually retaliated with a sword slash.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

The sharp sword light accurately guided, landing on the Blood Moon Zombie's body. The enormous force made it stagger.

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

He added another two augmentation skills, causing his attributes to increase drastically. At the same time, he activated the second effect of Sword Aura Rampage. All normal attacks turned into Sword Aura, increasing the damage by 20%.

Then—

"Hou!”

An earth-shattering tiger roar erupted.

"Hunting Tiger!"

The Blood Moon Zombie, which was merely a Gold Boss, could not withstand the power of the evolved [Sky Martial]. It was stunned on the spot, and its five-second fear effect was not weakened at all.

"Gaze of Death!"

-2760000!

As long as it was a dark-type creature, things would be easy.

The special effect of the earring [Death's Embrace] directly taught people how to behave.

"Hunting Tiger's Attack decreased by 30%, and Death's Gaze decreased all attributes by 20%. You lost 50% of your Attack upon meeting. Let's see how arrogant you can be!"

That's right.

He was just that arrogant.

Or else.

Did he really think that the Dark Star was called for nothing?

It was an item that contained the energy of Death, an accessory used by the Life Goddess.

One was the suppression of superior energy, while the other was the suppression of position energy.

They were all things from the realm of gods.

It was a double take.

Who could withstand it?

"Berserk Strike!"

Five seconds of fear. How could he not seize this opportunity?

One second of charging.

Qin Luo Sheng brazenly slashed his sword at the Blood Moon Zombie's neck.

Although Qin Luo's stiff zombie body had brought about a great backlash, causing his hand to feel numb and slightly painful, the desired effect was also brought out.

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing the Blood Moon Zombie to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%!"

NICE!

This all attributes did not include Health Points and Mana Points, but even so, it was very powerful. The Blood Moon Zombie's attack and defense decreased by 20% again!

Forget about defense!

But this attack power…

From his peak of 10,000 points to now, in less than two seconds of confrontation, it had directly increased to 3,000 points. Compared to small fries of the same level, he was not even as good as sweeping away a large number of undead zombies like he was sweeping garbage.

Tsk!

How pitiful!

"Initially, I wanted to use it to kill you instantly so that you wouldn't be able to unleash your final trump card. However, it seems like you're useless now. With just this bit of attributes, what can you do even if you explode?"

As Qin Luo attacked ferociously, he looked at the Blood Moon Zombie that was still in a state of fear. With a face full of fear, he launched his skill mercilessly. "Dragon Might!"

-2760000!

Instantly.

20% of all attributes had been removed.

Qin Sheng did not mind that the Blood Moon Zombie had lost a large chunk of its health points. Instead, he looked at its current stats.

He ignored everything else and only focused on attacking power.

Current Physical Attack: 1000!

Hahaha…

Qin Qin Sheng almost burst out laughing.

Hunting Tiger - 30%, Death's Gaze -20%, Berserk Strike -20%, Dragon's Might -20%!

Layer by layer, it weakened.

It was as high as five digits and had a total of 10,000 Physical Attack. Now, there was only one-tenth left, only 1,000 points!

With such weak attributes, how can he fight me?

Qin Luo Sheng was even starting to regret taking drugs now. To take drugs against a chicken like this was simply a waste.