Chapter 367: The Embarrassment Of A Peony

"Alright, as long as you're happy!"

Since the girls had their own ideas, Qin Sheng did not mind. He shrugged his shoulders slightly and swept his gaze around. His gaze stopped on a girl and locked onto her. "All of you, form a team. As for her, lend her to me!"

The girls were speechless.

As for the girl who had been chosen, the archer whose ID was Allure Peony, her eyes were wide open. She was pointing at herself in disbelief. Her expression was one of confusion and bewilderment. She was adorable.

What was going on?

Was this a confession?

Instantly.

Other than the Peony of Fallen City, all the other girls, including Sanguine Primrose, had strange looks in their eyes as they looked at Qin Luo Sheng and the Peony of Fallen City.

His expression almost said: Are you two having an affair?

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless. "I just need an archer with a long range to help me pull monsters!"

Only then did the girls realize what was going on. They all looked apologetic and disappointed.

Peony Of Alluring Times: [ﾟД ﾟ]

What a fake sisterhood!

She actually doubted me because of a single sentence from a man?

"You know the attributes of the monsters. You also know the results of my test. So, be careful!"

Even though he should not be instructing Qin Luo at this moment, he was still afraid that something would go wrong. He could not help but say, "You have two Shield Specialists and one is a Berserker. The three of you can take turns to fight the monsters. With three Priests focusing on healing, there shouldn't be too much of a problem."

"Don't treat us like those silly women who only know how to act coquettishly and let men take care of them, alright? We're the first-rate Wasteland Reclaimers of the Rose Society!"

Before Sanguine Primrose could even open her mouth, the Vice Guild Leader of the Sanguine Primrose Guild immediately shot her a displeased look.

In an instant.

Qin Sheng, the young and inexperienced Little Zheng, shivered in fear.

“Forget it. These girls aren’t just like their appearance. They’re either extremely cute and ignorant of the world, or they’re full of the aura of a goddess, and they’re lofty and otherworldly. They’re all ruthless people that have personally entered into battle, so worrying is unnecessary. Let them do as they please.”

Qin Luo Sheng did not reply. He turned his head to look at the peony that had already leaned over and was standing beside him. Seeing her tense little face and solemn expression, the corner of his mouth twitched. "I'm not a man-eating tiger. Relax. Bring out the courage you had when you shot at me in the Moonlight Forest. Aim at those undead zombies and shoot them ruthlessly!"

Allure Peony:…

"How do I adjust the frequency of luring monsters?"

Since they were talking about serious matters, the peony spoke to Qin Sheng as well. "How about you give the command and I'll take action only when you say we should?"

"No need."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and said seriously, "Go ahead and lure the monsters to your heart's content. Don't worry that I won't be able to take it."

The Peony of Allure once again:…

Big boss.

Please stop pretending.

How dazzling!

"But, the poison of this undead zombie…"

Peony was a little worried. "Also, if I lure the monsters, the first aggro of the monsters will be mine. If I attract too many monsters, can you pull all the aggro over immediately?"

"Don't worry, I'll protect you."

Qin Luo Sheng thought highly of Peony. This girl was quite comprehensive in her thinking. As expected of an archer, she had the ability to control the situation. Very good.

"This… Alright then!"

Qingcheng Peony blushed and her gaze drifted away unconsciously, not daring to meet Qin Sheng's eyes.

As the daughter of a wealthy family, all the boys she came into contact with were polite and orderly. Even though there were many overbearing CEOs, for some reason, she, who had heard many provocative words, did not feel anything at all. However, this man's unconscious words caused ripples in her heart, making her heart flutter and her heart beat faster.

"Then I'll leave it to you!"

Blushing, the Peony of Overturn gracefully revealed a sweet smile. The girl was shy and timid. The extreme charm that was instantly released stunned Qin Luo Sheng.

Mom.

This little sister, she's flirting with me.

The Peony of City-Toppling Beauty was nocked on an arrow and started to lure monsters!

On another battlefield not far from here, they also began to move.

There were at least thirty to forty undead zombies in Qin Luo Sheng's field of vision. He believed that as an archer, the Peony of Fallen City which had a wide field of vision naturally had more than him.

Still.

Even though they could see, with the range of the current Archers, even with the buffs from their skills and equipment, they would only be able to reach around 20 metres or 30 metres.

Based on the Peony's shooting speed and the distribution and density of the undead zombies, it would take about four to five seconds to lure one.

Like this.

In addition to the time difference generated by the moving distance between Qin Luo and the first zombie, the second one would only come into contact with him after at least five seconds.

What could Qin Sheng do in five seconds?

With the Dragon's Aura and Death God's Gaze, which decreased all attributes by as much as 40%, the undead zombie, which was originally weak and relied on poison to maintain its face, was as fragile as a piece of paper.

"Five undead zombies have been lured."

Peony's little face was a little pale, and her big eyes looked timidly at the five swaying undead zombies. They were rushing towards her quickly, looking at Qin Sheng for help. "Do you still want to continue?"

"Continue!"

Qin Luo Sheng was already wielding two long swords, ready to strike at any moment. With a shake of his sword, he aimed at the undead zombie that was only one meter away from him. With a serious expression, he said, "Don't be afraid, these guys won't be able to hurt you at all!"

"Alright!"

It was unknown if it was Qin Sheng's confident words or if the undead zombie really did not attack her but turned around to attack Qin Sheng instead, giving Peony great confidence. She nodded obediently and continued to draw the bowstring, dutifully continuing to lure monsters.

“Strong Berserk Potion!”

“Potential Potion!”

He quickly drank two bottles of potions, increasing his attack power by 40%.

At this moment.

Coincidentally, the undead zombie at the front had arrived.

The sword slashed down.

-4,7482!

A critical hit with almost 50,000 points of damage was very powerful.

One must know that this was not an augmentation skill. He had only drunk two bottles of potions.

Although it didn’t have the quadruple damage amplification from the holy flames, the effect of [Life Prayer] was passive and permanent. It still had a certain amount of damage amplification.

Coupled with the 40% reduction of all attributes from the two debuffing skills, it was not surprising that Qin Sheng had the ability to deal damage.

He moved his feet left and right.

Ten seconds later.

When the third undead zombie arrived, Qin Luo finally finished off the first one.

"No, this is too slow!"