Chapter 365: Undead Zombie

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Was I seeing things?

Initially, he had already overestimated it. He never expected that his horizons would be limited by his imagination. He had still greatly underestimated the ability of this skill!

There was no need to mention the enhancement of all attributes.

There was no need to discuss the effects of the blood sucking effect.

What Qin Luo Sheng valued the most was his extremely terrifying control over blood!

Blood was the source of life.

Most creatures would be in mortal danger if they lost too much blood.

Even though this was the game world and virtual battles only relied on data, the bleeding effect was still terrifying. Not only did it continuously reduce health points, but under the control of Blood Boiling Blood, it could also continuously decrease attributes by a percentage. It was simply a godly skill.

"It's a pity that this thing can deal with living creatures, but it's completely useless against the zombies, undead, zombies, and so on in the Moon Temple."

Qin Luo, who was in high spirits, closed his skill column with a smile on his face. "However, with the absolute suppression of the dark creatures, there's no need to use Blood Boil at all. This skill makes up for my weakness in dealing with non-dark creatures. This time, I have another trump card in the battle against Long Yuan. My chances are much higher."

"It seems like I've gained quite a lot. I'm smiling so happily!"

At this moment.

Sanguine Rose scurried over and looked at Qin Luo's radiant face in disbelief.

In her memory, this was the first time she had seen Qin Sheng, who always had a straight face, reveal such an expression.

It was really eye-opening.

"Not bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng restrained his smile and asked, "Have you calculated the value of the spoils of war?"

“Not yet.”

Sanguine Rose was taken aback by Qin Sheng's sudden change in attitude. She replied subconsciously, "I'm calculating!"

"Yes!"

Qin Luo nodded indifferently and stepped forward. "I'll go take a look then."

"Hmph, what are you pretending for? You're still pretending to be expressionless?"

Looking at Qin Luo's back view, Sanguine Primrose frowned slightly as she muttered in dissatisfaction: "Little brother is just a little brother, you can never act like an uncle."

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not know what Sanguine Rose was complaining about. When he walked over, it just so happened that Sanguine Rose and the rest had finished calculating the value of their equipment.

This time, the Blood Moon Zombie delivered a true explosion.

Three unprecedented Gold equipment, six Silver equipment, one Skill Book, and one elixir recipe.

After a rough estimate, Qin Luo Sheng received a dividend of 2900 gold coins.

The output of a single Boss killed hundreds of undead zombies.

As expected of the boss!

How generous!

Praise!

"Let's continue. Let's try to clear the remaining two side halls within two hours!"

After putting away the gold coins, Qin Sheng looked at the money bag that had dried up after this trip. It had swelled up and broken through the 10,000 mark. He was overjoyed.

Even though the past three days had been tough, as a father and mother, he had to protect, kill monsters, and even solve problems and clean up his mess, there were benefits to suffering. Not to mention the high experience points, the dividends were really fragrant.

Even though the equipment dropped by an individual, if he obtained it himself and used the Starlight Miracle to sublimate it, and then threw it to his Hidden Dragon Pavilion to sell, the amount of gold coins he could get would at least double, as long as it was not superficial.

Now, the most important thing was experience. It was already a blessing to be able to get into this S-rank mission. These equipment could be considered as a bonus for the Rose Society. Furthermore, the Rose Society did not treat him unfairly. They had been buying them at market price and did not even ask for a discount.

"Wait, take this!"

Just as he was about to leave, the blood-soaked rose suddenly called out to Qin Luo. Under Qin Luo's puzzled gaze, it handed him a key.

[Key 1 / 3]

Type: Item

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: An ordinary-looking key. It seems to be one of the combination keys that can open a certain door.

Qin Sheng:…

What the hell was that?

Can you be any more perfunctory with your introduction?

What difference did it make?

"This was dropped by the Boss, it shouldn't be trash!"

Blood Rose said calmly, "It's one-third of the combination key. If I'm not wrong, the remaining two-thirds are on the two side halls guarding the Boss. As long as we kill the three Bosses and combine the three parts, we can proceed to the next stage."

That made sense!

Wasn't this the usual tactic of third-rate online games?

The dungeon was split into different areas. The Bosses would each occupy a territory and give the players the chance to defeat them one by one. They would obtain the props from the Bosses and gather the props from the various BOSSes. When they reached the final location and opened the final stage, they would be able to face the final BOSS and clear the dungeon.

The entire process was smooth, smooth, and extremely comfortable.

Yeah.

There was that smell.

"Alright, I'll take it then."

Qin Luo Sheng did not stand on ceremony and took over the key.

Based on this side palace hall, the remaining two side palace halls should be about the same level of difficulty. There shouldn't be too much danger, but there was always a chance.

If the girls of the Rose Society were to bring this key with them, if an accident were to happen and the battle below was killed by monsters, they would bring the key back to the city. Wouldn't the rest of them be caught here?

It was reasonable.

It was most suitable for Qin Sheng to bring him along.

"Ding… Current location is prohibited!"

After exiting the side hall, Qin Luo and the others walked to the middle of the three side halls along the way. Just as they were about to push open the door, they were rejected by the system.

Cannot enter?

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded on the spot.

What did that mean?

Was there a f*cking requirement for entry?

"Yes or no!"

Lil 'Bai He raised her hand weakly and said, "We need to clear the side halls on both sides first before we can enter the middle one?"

Qin Luo followed his advice and retreated from the door, walking to the side hall on the right.

He pushed the door open.

The door opened!

Qin Sheng:…

Damn, was that really the case?

Dog System.

You really know how to play!

[Undead Zombie (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 36

Health Points: 580000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 5,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 1,500

Speed: 600

Skills:???

Introduction: Due to being infected with the virus, it mutates into a walking corpse. Its movements are swift and its body contains poison. It has no sense of pain and no emotions. Even if it is attacked by knives and axes and its limbs are broken, it still cannot be eliminated. Often, it only needs to scratch its skin to infect a person with the virus. It is almost incurable and terrifying.