Chapter 370: Say The Cruelest Words And Get Beaten Up The Most Ruthless (1)

Indeed!

This guy was the Boss that was wandering around the Moon Temple previously—Corpse King!

Similar to the Blood Moon Zombie, its main body was sleeping in the Moon Temple. It was divided into two sides and guarded the side palace for the Lich to prevent anyone from entering.

The unconscious replicas wandering outside were all Silver Boss Enhanced. It was not too much for this main body to be upgraded to Gold.

Except.

Qin Sheng could not help but feel his heart palpitate when he saw the terrifying stats.

One million one hundred and fifty thousand health points. A terrifying one hundred and twenty-five thousand physical attacks. His physical defense and demonic defense were also ridiculously strong. Even Qin Luo Sheng's greatest asset was his speed which he was most proud of. His advantage was not obvious either.

Tsk!

It was just a small BOSS guarding the gate. How could it be so powerful?

To be able to subdue these guys and make them willingly guard the door for him, as the main culprit behind the fall of the Moon Temple, how strong was the Boss Undead Lich behind the scenes?

Fortunately.

"Fortunately, I have an absolute advantage over the dark creatures. Otherwise, it would be difficult to deal with."

Although he was shocked by the zombie king's strength, Qin Sheng did not panic.

He knew better than anyone how the Blood Moon Zombie died.

Even if the Zombie King was stronger than the Blood Moon Zombie, one was a level 37 Gold Enhanced Boss while the other was a level 38 Gold Enhanced Boss. How strong could they be?

Although Qin Sheng was having a headache over a pure tank type boss like the zombie king, which meant that the battle would be dragged out and that it would take a long time, it also meant that the battle was very safe and the danger was not great.

After all.

Previously, Qin Luosheng had fallen into a crisis because even though the Grand Zealot had fallen into darkness, the energy contained within his body was still the power of the moon. It could not counter the darkness at all.

Besides.

The Head Zealot was a magic-type BOSS. However, the current players' magic defenses were generally lousy and could even be said to be appalling. This was why Qin Luo Sheng was in such a sorry state.

But the Corpse King and the Blood Moon Zombie were the same. They were completely different from the Grand Zealots. They belonged to the darkness faction, and the power within their bodies was also darkness energy.

Since that was the case…

How the Blood Moon Zombie died, he would die next.

"You guys don't have to fight. I'll fight him one on one."

Qin Qin Sheng puffed out his chest and wielded his sword with both hands. He too stepped forward and walked towards the zombie king.

Obviously.

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to have a 1v1 battle with the zombie king.

Who the f*ck had caused this guy to ridicule and hurt Qin Luo so much that even though he was over 40 years old, he was still a single person?

Today, he, Qin Sheng, would not be a human if he did not beat up the Corpse King, this reticent bastard, until his head was covered in bumps and claws!

"You have guts!"

Upon hearing that Qin Luo was not allowing the chicks to make a move and was going alone, the zombie king was instantly filled with admiration. "It seems that it's not without reason that you have so many good women following you. Just based on your courage and responsibility, this king approves of you."

“Really? Can you just let us through?”

Qin Luo asked.

"You little brat, you really know how to take advantage of every opportunity!"

The zombie king burst into laughter. “It’s impossible for me to let you pass, and it’s also impossible for me to let you leave, but I can be a bit gentler and leave you with an intact corpse. Also, I can be merciful and spare your women from suffering.”

"This is already This King's greatest benevolence. Compared to the two fellows beside me, one likes to suck blood, loves young girls' blood, while the other likes to collect corpses and toy with the dead. This King can be considered a 'good person' in your mind!"

Qin Luo's heart shuddered at the zombie king's words.

Absorbing blood, it should be the Blood Moon Zombie.

Collect corpses and toy with the dead?

Was he talking about the BOSS guarding the middle palace?

According to the existing information,

The guy that the zombie king was referring to might be the necrophiliac!

"Who would have thought that in such a godforsaken place, there would be such an incompatible stream like you!"

Qin Luo sighed. "However, you're wrong about one thing."

“Oh?” The zombie king’s interest was piqued. “Tell me!”

"Me!"

Qin Qin Sheng said seriously, "You've miscalculated me!"

“Brat, you couldn’t possibly be planning to say that you’ll be able to defeat this king, right?”

The zombie king said coldly, “Don’t make me laugh.”

"Tsk tsk, what a frog in a well!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and said with a smile that was not quite a smile, "Actually, before we came to your place, we've already gone to the side hall on the left to meet that fellow you spoke of who loves to absorb fresh blood. Guess, how long did he last in my hands?"

“How long?” The zombie king’s eyes widened and his tone became much more solemn.

Qin Qin Sheng did not speak, merely extending three fingers.

"Three hours?"

The zombie king frowned and guessed. Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and said, "Thirty minutes? Three minutes?"

"Thirty seconds!"

Qin Luo Sheng uttered a number that the zombie king found hard to believe. "To be precise, it was less than thirty seconds."

"Impossible!"

The zombie king roared, “How dare you trick me, brat?!”

"It's up to you whether you believe me or not. I only said those words to you because I saw that you weren't too bad. Just treat it as returning the favor. That's all!"

Qin Qin Sheng was, of course, trying to trick the Corpse King.

As the saying goes, all is fair in war. Attacking the heart is the most important.

Even though the Blood Moon Zombie was extremely happy, it was still a Level 37 Enhanced Gold Boss after all. How could it really be vulnerable?

‘ Of course.’

In fact.

If not for the fact that the Blood Moon Zombie had that freakish recovery ability, Qin Sheng would have been able to kill him within thirty seconds.

Even so.

The battle did not last more than a minute.

Strictly speaking, Qin Sheng did not brag about it to the skies. It was just a small blow. It was just an exaggeration. It was not a big deal.

"This King doesn't believe it!"

Qin Luo Sheng, on the other hand, was completely fine, but the confusion he caused the zombie king was rather huge.

Instantly!

This completely unacceptable strengthened Gold Boss lifted the huge chains that were wrapped around his left and right hands and smashed them violently towards Qin Sheng. "You flowery words and full of lies, little brat, die for this king!"

"What a temper!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and retreated, easily evading the chain attack. At the same time, his aura froze as he began to reveal his' fangs'.

"Dragon Might!"

All attributes decreased by 20%, Health Points -270000!

"Gaze of Death!"

All attributes decreased by 20%, Health Points -270000!

He used two consecutive weakening skills.

In an instant.

The mighty Zombie King was no longer able to move the chains.

“You brat, exactly what did you do?”

The zombie king was terrified by its own deterioration.

Now, the zombie king believed Qin Sheng's words. He believed that he had killed the Blood Moon Zombie within thirty seconds.

"Are you scared?"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a sinister laugh. His voice was deep and slow, like a demon whispering. "This is just the beginning!"