Chapter 379: Gathering Ghs?

Shit.

How embarrassing!

As the founder of the Virtual Exchange Platform, he did not expect such a move. This was not right!

Qin Sheng was filled with regret after being enlightened by Lily.

Back then, when the virtual platform was open, he had met Yatu and the others and sold them equipment to earn the first bucket of gold. In order to avoid exposing his identity, he did not agree to give out his bank account number and directly transferred money. Instead, he threw a piece of trash equipment onto the virtual trading platform and marked a high price to complete the transaction.

Things that had been playing around in the Beginner's Village were basically forgotten later on, especially after Hidden Dragon Pavilion became popular.

This shouldn't be happening!

"Have you been relying on buying food and drinking water along the way?"

He turned on the virtual trading platform and searched for Qin Luo. Instantly, he saw over a hundred pages of up-to-date products. Apart from a small number of different foods made by players who were secondary chefs, 99% of them could be replenished in any city. The most basic foods and drinking water were instantly speechless.

"This is really a profit without any capital!"

He glanced at the selling price. The lowest price was double the price that he had bought in the NPC shop. The scariest thing was that there was actually a price that was ten times higher?

Damn it!

Was he crazy about money?

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but sigh. As long as there was a chance to earn money, no matter how strange the path was, there was no one who would not think of it.

In the past, he had heard many stories about people selling arms, antiques, cosmetics, cell phones, shoes, and so on.

However, this was the first time he had heard of someone selling food.

He had really broadened his horizons.

"Are you guys just going to buy things at such a high price for others to slaughter?"

Qin Luo Sheng said subconsciously. Then, he thought of the group of women before him. They were all wealthy women and each one of them was richer than the other. He immediately shut his mouth and stopped talking.

He felt inferior!

"No!"

Lily said with a smile, "Just send a message and let your friend buy it and hang it on the virtual platform. You can specify the ID. You don't have to spend money unjustly. You can just pay the administrative fee. Or, buy it yourself and then hang it on the trading platform. Set the price high. No one will buy it. In that case, the platform will be equivalent to your mobile warehouse. It will be preserved for free."

Holy shit!

Qin Luo was shocked.

Isn't this way of doing things really impressive?

So that unreliable ten times setting price was deliberately created by people like you?

Awesome!

Admirable!

I am inferior!

In the past, they had heard that rich people were generous and would spend money without regard for money. But now, it seemed like it was all bullshit. Since they could obtain so much wealth, how could they be idiots?

It could only be said that what the poor saw was either a rich second-generation heir who only knew how to spend money but did not know how to earn money, or it was just a facade, or it had other motives.

In reality!

Which rich big boss was easy to get along with?

Each and every one of them was smarter than a monkey!

He's the only one who earns money from you. How can you take advantage of him?

Dream on?

"Boss, did you store the supplies in your backpack for three days?"

Lily widened her eyes in disbelief. "That's impossible! When we were trading potions, you used a piece of trash equipment to hang it on the virtual platform. You know how to do that!"

Qin Luo blushed.

Indeed.

This was what he had left, but he had not expected this.

As a world-class big shot, Weeping Soul, he paid attention to big business every day. How could he care about such a trivial matter?

Besides.

With the ability of Spatial Jump, he could appear anywhere he went, and the price was only an hour of cooldown.

Because of this.

Other people had no conventional methods to resolve this, so they could only find other methods. To Qin Sheng, this was nothing. Naturally, he would not use his brain because of this. This led to him not realizing that there would be a large batch of "fallen masters" selling food and water on the virtual platform!

"I have a piece of equipment that comes with a thousand backpack spaces. It's very empty, so I've prepared more myself. I'm too lazy to waste time on the virtual platform."

Qin Luo said calmly.

"A thousand backpack spaces?"

Lily's eyes immediately lit up. She asked impatiently, "Is it the third place on the equipment rankings, [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon]?"

Oh!

How did you know that?

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at Lily in surprise. After thinking for a while, he realized that the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] had long since been pushed to the bottom of the equipment rankings. Furthermore, the abilities it came with were not considered a secret. There was nothing wrong with exposing it. He would just be generous for once and share it with her. It could be used as compensation for his posturing and lying.

Thus…

He patted his waist gently and activated the equipment light that was closed.

In an instant.

The seven-colored Illusionary Spirit ribbon released a dreamy, colorful light.

Wow!

Beautiful things always attracted attention, especially women, especially young girls.

This…

A large group of girls immediately charged forward and surrounded them. Even the calm Blood Rose and the icy Sanguine Rose were no exception.

"Hey, are you guys focusing on the wrong thing?"

A large group of beauties with one-in-a-million good looks and figures surrounded him. Disregarding the various fragrances that filled his nose, what made Qin Luo Sheng panic the most was that the four or five chicks standing in front of him were all bent over with their heads lowered. Their faces were as flat as his waist, and their mouths were slightly open. Their faces were slightly flushed, and because they were squeezed by the little sisters beside them, their little heads kept moving…

This posture, this state, it was simply incredible!

MLBGD!

Those who knew that they were just admiring the equipment would think that they were gathering GHS!

"Alright, get up. Look at you guys. What do you look like?"

Bloody Rose and Sanguine Primrose were walking behind them, together with the other five big sisters who were already in the midst of their own activities. They were a bit more steady, not as impulsive as the little sister. Because of this, they were able to witness this ‘unbearable’scene.

As an experienced driver, he had HS in his heart.

This posture.

He was already quite familiar with it!

It was just a glance and he immediately thought in that direction.

Especially when he saw Qin Luo's flushed face and panting like an ox, his eyes filled with lust, he deeply understood—

This man had the same thoughts as them!

“Humph ~ ~ ~”

The little girls were very unwilling to be scolded by the big sisters. All of them pouted to express their dissatisfaction.

Still.

In the end, Sanguine Primrose and the rest still had some prestige. Lily and the rest obediently straightened their bodies and returned to normal.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng also turned off the brilliance of his equipment. Instantly, the magnificent [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] returned to its reserved state and became ordinary.