Chapter 374: Qin Luo'S Two Shortcomings

Ding… transaction successful!

Ding… you have received 3700 gold coins! '

After the transaction, Qin Luo Sheng took his Gold Armor from the Blood Rose and glanced at it. It was not appraised, but it required Level 35.

Tsk!

What was the difference between this and the unidentified golden single-handed sword?

They could only eat dust in their backpacks.

Forget it.

If he couldn't use it, so be it. Anyway, he had enough equipment for now. He could still last for a while.

"Come, let's continue walking through the middle palace. We must clear these three palaces today!"

After obtaining the second part of the combination key from the Blood Rose, Qin Sheng was filled with lofty sentiments. He led a group of girls and strode towards the last palace.

Central palace.

This was the last of the three palaces.

Initially, after Qin Luo had taken care of the side hall on the left, he had planned to take care of it first. Unfortunately, he had been told that he could not enter.

Now, after cleaning up the side halls on both sides, he returned here.

A kick.

The hall door opened.

This time, the system finally stopped interfering.

It seemed that the rule was to go left and right first, then in the middle.

Once the conditions were met, it would naturally work.

"There's not much time left for today's game. I'll clear out this palace and gather the three parts of the combination key. I'll be able to open the next stage. Then, I'll go offline."

Qin Luo Sheng pondered as he stepped into the main hall.

In fact.

There were still two to three hours left until the ten-hour gaming time.

According to the efficiency of clearing the side hall where the Blood Moon Zombies were located, it would take about an hour at most.

Although he did not know what the next stage would be, he should be able to find some information in an hour or two, right?

Even.

Maybe.

The next stage was the boss, the Lich.

If it were before, Qin Sheng would naturally have nothing to fear.

But.

After the battle with the Corpse King, Qin Sheng had restrained himself quite a bit. He no longer believed that with the weakening of the combination of Dragon Might and Death Gaze, he would be invincible and would completely crush the darkness-type monsters.

Dark-type creatures had all sorts of strange abilities. It was impossible to guard against them. If one wasn't careful, they would fall into a pit.

The resurrection skill from [Life Suppliant] could only take effect once a day. It had been used up today, and it was already gone. If anything unexpected happened, there would be no chance to save it at all. If he died, he would really die. Losing level and equipment, how could it be miserable?

With a one-month challenge with Long Yuan, Qin Sheng had a huge demand for experience points, not to mention his level. If he had been careless and dropped one level, he would have wanted to die. Level 28 to 29 required a total of nine million experience points!

Also…

Now that Qin Sheng had so many treasures on him, he was truly worried.

If the Zombie King could kill him instantly, then the Boss behind him must be even more unpredictable.

For safety reasons.

After cleaning up this place, he would send Sanguine Primrose and the rest offline. After a while, he would sneak back to Starlight City and place all the materials, formulas, blueprints and so on into the Luo Shen Residence. With Mengmeng watching over them, he would ensure that nothing would go wrong.

Isn't this fragrant?

"Alright, let's do that!"

Qin Qin Sheng was not someone who would drag things out. Since he had made up his mind, he decided to implement it.

"What do you think of the next stage?"

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose suddenly walked over and stood shoulder to shoulder with Qin Sheng. She asked, "In this damned place, the boss is getting weirder. Our abilities are insufficient and we can't help you much. We can only rely on you to fight alone. I saw that you were deep in thought just now. Do you have any ideas? Tell us and we'll discuss them? If you need us, just tell us. We'll definitely cooperate if we can."

Qin Sheng:…

Big Sis.

You misunderstood.

I was just thinking about how to sneak out and trick you guys into going offline so that I could return to the city to save my things. That's all. It's not what you think. I'm thinking about my next strategy.

Still.

How could he say that?

Definitely not!

One should not be too honest. Sometimes, white lies would make the world more filled with love and harmony.

"I have some ideas, but they're not mature yet."

Qin Luo hesitated for a moment before following Sanguine Primrose's instructions and continuing, "After we clean up this hall and gather the three parts of the key, shall we call it a day? Everyone rest well, I need some time to think about what to do next."

"Watch…"

Sanguine Rose's beautiful eyes were as clear as if she wanted to see through Qin Sheng. Qin Sheng felt very awkward and guilty when he looked at her. He couldn't help but shift his gaze away, not daring to look at her.

The atmosphere became awkward.

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved his lips and crazily burned his brain cells, making up excuses. Just as he was about to explain something, Sanguine Primrose suddenly smiled and agreed, "Then we'll do as you say!"

Holy shit!

Could this girl have noticed something?

Qin Luo Sheng felt even more guilty.

After spending the past few days together, he was very clear about how sharp Sanguine Primrose's senses were and how frightening her intelligence was. With his little bit of skill, wanting to put on airs in front of her was simply asking for trouble.

And that was exactly why.

The reason why Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to put on a stoic face all day long was to prevent too many emotions from flowing on the surface and being caught by Sanguine Primrose.

"Forget it, it's useless to think too much."

After worrying for a while, Qin Sheng felt relieved. Currently, his priority was not Sanguine Rose but the Moon Temple quest, but the known final BOSS, the Undead Lich.

Although no one was perfect, even gods had their weaknesses.

Qin Luo Sheng was no exception.

Now.

He had two obvious shortcomings.

One was magical defense.

The second poison.

His Mana Defense was extremely low. Even a Gold-tier Boss like the Head Zealot was in a difficult position after not being able to resist the Dark element. There were a few times when he had to hide his abilities and almost failed.

Needless to say, the Undead Lich behind the scenes was obviously a Magical BOSS based on its name. No matter how bad it was, it was a dual-cultivation Magical BOSS and its attainments in magic were definitely not low.

Compared to the Grand Zealot, the weakest Undead Lich was an Epic Boss. He was much stronger and it would definitely be a fierce battle.

"I'm terrified just by hearing his name. This Undead Lich is really something! I wonder if I have the ability to kill him!?"

Qin Luo, who had always been fearless, finally felt a trace of insecurity at this moment.