Chapter 371: Say The Cruelest Words And Get Beaten Up The Most Ruthless (2)

"Hunting Tiger!"

The divine tiger phantom floated behind him.

A tiger's roar shook the heavens and earth.

In an instant.

The zombie king who had been hit head-on had been stunned before the chain had even landed on Qin Sheng's body. Not only had it weakened the physical attack by 30%, but it had also fallen into a state of fear that lasted for five seconds. It had become a piece of meat on a chopping board that could be slaughtered at will.

"Berserk Strike!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not waste any time. He immediately activated the four augmentation skills—Violent Blood Art, Skywolf, Heart of Courage, and Sacred Flame. He then wielded the [Coiling Dragon Water] and gripped the hilt of his sword tightly with both hands, slashing heavily at the Corpse King's neck.

Ding… your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing the Corpse King to suffer serious injuries. All attributes will be weakened by 10%! '

Tsk!

Only 10%?

Still.

Not important anymore.

He only had 50% of his attributes left, and his most important attack power was further weakened. With only 20%, could he turn the sky upside down?

Glancing at the zombie king who was scurrying back and forth on the spot, Qin Sheng picked up two long swords wrapped in golden flames and began to furiously attack.

The fear effect lasted for five seconds. The Berserk Strike only took one second. The remaining four seconds could not be wasted.

Four seconds later.

The zombie king woke up and sensed its own condition. Its expression changed drastically.

"You…"

Yet.

Without waiting for the zombie king to finish his sentence, Qin Sheng moved his body and circled around his backpack. He thrust the [Coiling Dragon Water] brazenly. "Shadow Thrust!"

Another second of stun control.

“Vicious Destruction!”

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng activated his skill, Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, aimed at the Zombie King's knee and slashed out three times in a row.

Three strikes later.

Nothing happened.

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

Tsk!

The crippling effect and breaking effect were not triggered at all?

Well.

Forget it.

The Corpse King was now a fish in a bucket. No matter how much he jumped around, he couldn’t escape.

The reason why Qin Sheng wanted to cripple or chop off his legs was because he did not want to trouble himself with any more movements. He just wanted to stand there and slash him to death with his sword.

End it earlier!

The banquet ended early!

Everyone, rest early!

Hello, hello, hello, everyone!

Wouldn't that be perfect?

"Whipping Strike!"

In a second, the Corpse King woke up after the brutal beating. He was not a mage like the Head Zealot. His combat style was close combat, close combat. Therefore, he did not run. Instead, he held two large chains and smashed them at Qin Sheng.

“Bone Shield Wall!”

Qin Sheng was naturally unafraid now that his attack power had been weakened consecutively. However, when the chain hit his body, the damage was not great but the pain was definitely not small. If he did not want to move, he could only activate his defensive skill to support himself.

In an instant.

The Skeleton Heavy Armor emitted a lustrous glow and formed a shield made of bones on the surface of Qin Sheng's body at an extremely fast speed. Not only did it increase Qin Sheng's defense by 50%, it also had 10,000 points of toughness and could offset 10,000 points of damage. It easily blocked the lashing of the chains.

Clang ~

With the defense of the Skeleton Shield, the big chain could not even touch Qin Sheng's body. However, with only 10,000 points of damage offset, it was really difficult to continue.

"Ice Skin!"

To make the shield wall last longer?

No problem.

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to activate the Ice Skin skill, instantly doubling his defensive power.

Even though this couldn’t increase the number of fixed death damage, the increase in defense allowed the Corpse King’s damage to decrease further. Naturally, the damage dealt to the shield wall would also decrease, allowing it to last longer.

Without any movement or hindrance, Qin Sheng could perfectly unleash his super strong attack speed.

He saw…

Under the barrage of attacks from both left and right, sword shadows flickered, leaving afterimages in their wake. The sword qi continued without end, howling endlessly.

Within a few seconds.

The Zombie King's health bar was reduced to 30%.

"Iron arms and bronze heads!"

When its Health Points were at 50%, the Zombie King used Chain Whip. Now that it was at 30%, it unleashed another skill.

Ding… Zombie King used Iron Arm and Bronze Head Skill. Defense increased by 50%. Physical damage reduced by 20%. Magic damage reduced by 20%. Duration: 3 minutes! '

Oh.

It was actually a defensive augmentation skill?

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat surprised when he saw the battle log.

It was no surprise that a zombie king could strengthen itself.

But what was enhanced was defense, not offense. This made Qin Sheng confused.

Closely.

You were so pretentious just now, and your words were full of arrogance. You said "This King" and "brat", and that's it?

Saying the most vicious words and getting hit by the most vicious ones?

Corpse King.

You're really something!

I admire you, brother!

Still.

This was useless.

If you amplified your own attack, you would still have the strength to fight. At least, you would be able to make me move my feet in order to avoid being hit by the iron whip. However, if you increased my defense, then hehe.

My right hand is [Coiling Dragon Water], a Legendary weapon. Its Attack is 12,800 points. It activates the special effect [Dragon Fire], which damages 3,000 points each time. This defense is not enough!

There was no need to mention the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his left hand. The [Army Shattering Strike] had the ability to ignore defense. It was useless to increase one's defense. In front of it, one was like a little brother.

A few seconds later.

The Zombie King finally broke through the Skeletal Shield wall under its relentless efforts. Just as the chains were about to reach Qin Luo Sheng's body, his health bar had already dropped to 10%!

“Bastard, I’m a zombie king! How can I fall to your sword?”

The zombie king’s eyes were blood red, and the two chains in his hands rattled. With a loud roar, corpse energy filled the air. “Absolute Corpse Poison!”

In an instant.

The stone platform that the zombie king had been sitting on exploded, and a stream of pure gray gas burst forth from within before being swallowed by the zombie king.

Ding… Zombie King has devoured and nurtured the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison for countless years. At this moment, every part of its body is filled with the poison of the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. If attacked, there is a 80% chance of being poisoned to death, and a 100% chance of losing 10% health and all attributes every second! '

Qin Sheng:…

The girls from Rose Society: "???”

Shit?

There was actually such a thing?

Dog System.

Do you not even care about your morals?

80% chance of being poisoned to death?

Urgh…

From the perspective of the players, didn't this mean that the current Zombie King had an 80% chance of instant kill?

This was f*cking fun?

Even the [Death God's Embrace], which contained the power of Death of the Underworld, only had an instant kill rate of 5%!

What was a zombie king compared to Death?

However, he only swallowed a ball of gray fog and instantly became superman. With such a heaven-defying ability, he directly defeated the Death God.

Tsk!

Which NC designer created such an insane ability?

Was it reasonable?

Have you thought about the feelings of the players?

Swish ~

Just as Qin Sheng was cursing madly in his heart in shock, the zombie king seized the opportunity and swiftly attacked Qin Sheng with lightning speed. Qin Sheng did not manage to dodge in time and was grazed by his fingernails.

Ding… you have been poisoned by the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. Your health points and attributes will decrease by 10% every second. Duration: 15 seconds! '

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o