Chapter 375: Special Monster, A Disgusting Phantom (1)

"Hai, what a headache!"

Qin Luo covered his forehead, feeling extremely conflicted.

Undead Liches were not only powerful, but they also had strange abilities. They had to be wary of them.

As there was not much information, Qin Sheng did not know everything. However, according to the analysis he had obtained from the necroft, just the tip of the iceberg of the undead lich's ability was enough to make him extremely shocked.

Even the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison of the Zombie King was enough to trap him. If not for the resurrection skill, he would have returned to the city for free.

As the boss of the Zombie King, the terror of the Undead Lich was definitely not inferior to the Sky-Severing Corpse Poison. As far as Qin Sheng knew, the extremely evil Ghostmother Evil Infant was his masterpiece.

A single glimpse is enough to know everything.

He was able to create the Ghost Mother Evil Infant, and with the goal of conquering an entire nation, he was able to massacre the temples of the Moon God Realm. Moreover, he was able to seal off all news and kill all the spies of countless powers…

This Lich was definitely a super ruthless person.

"Hey, what the hell am I doing?"

Qin Luo suddenly came back to his senses. "We haven't even met the Undead Lich yet, so who knows how he is? According to the message left in the tomb raider's hut, he's severely injured. Otherwise, he wouldn't have given up his plan to attack a country and hid in this tiny Moon Temple."

“Since the system used the Rose Society girl who received the quest as the basis and judged her strength, it is certain that this trip to the Moon Temple will be difficult enough to reach [S] class. Thus, it is certain that the quest will only be [S] class. It will not be too high or too low.”

"It's me. I was overthinking and demonized the Lich. If what I thought was true, the difficulty of this mission would have exceeded the S-level. It would have surpassed the SS-level and headed straight for the SS-level."

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, he felt relieved and amused.

"Cheers!"

"What a fool. He's scaring himself."

"Can this be considered as the legendary mind degradation?"

Still.

He decided not to think about the threat of the Undead Lich.

But.

Qin Sheng had no intention of changing the strategy he wanted just now.

He had to show some respect to the boss behind the scenes.

Today, he would finish sweeping this hall.

After a good rest, he would recharge his energy and stamina to their peak, and he would also complete the cooldown of the resurrection skill.

Like this.

He would be more confident if he could kill the Lich.

After his thoughts had been cleared, Qin Sheng no longer had a worried look on his face. He was full of fighting spirit as he led more than ten beautiful girls of all sizes into the depths of the central hall.

After a few steps.

Qin Sheng, who was walking at the very front and had an extremely long field of vision, immediately discovered the monsters guarding this floor.

"This appearance is a little strange!"

Qin Sheng was stunned as he looked at the monster.

He wore a long white robe that completely covered his entire body. Only his eyes and hands were revealed. His body looked rather illusory. He had no feet and was floating in the air, somewhere between real and translucent.

That's right.

This look was definitely a ghost from the legends!

"Peony, pull a monster over!"

Qin Luo turned his head and instructed the Peony of Fallen City.

"Alright!"

Hearing Qin Luo Sheng's "friendly" call, the Peony blushed slightly. Without another word, she drew her bow and shot the arrow towards the nearest monster.

MISS!

The arrow hit accurately, but a large "MISS" floated above the monster's head!

Even though it did not receive any damage, it was still attacked in the end. The monster that was initially wandering around immediately locked onto the City-Toppling Peony. Its body floated over rapidly.

"Probing!"

As soon as he entered the detectable range, Qin Luo immediately used a detection technique to investigate the background of this ghost-like monster.

Spirit (Enhanced Three Star Elite)

Level: 37

Health Points: 50000

Mana: 200000

Physical Attack: 0

Magic Attack: 6,500

Physical Defense: 0

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 1,800

Skills:???

Introduction: A spirit born from a special secret technique. Its life force is extremely fragile, but its Spiritual Strength is abnormally terrifying. Its body is soft and almost without mass. It moves like the wind and is as fast as lightning. It can easily catch up to any enemy. As it is a spirit body, it is immune to physical damage. The sound wave is its strongest weapon. It can lock onto the enemy, invade their brain, confuse their mind, and cause them to lose their rationality. They will fall into absolute chaos, unable to differentiate friend from foe.

Damn!

This fellow was really a ghost?

Qin Luo immediately felt uncomfortable.

Especially when he saw the words "Immune to physical harm", he was completely dumbfounded.

Dog System.

You sure know how to play.

Immune to physical damage, then why would the Physics Department play with a hammer?

Wasn't this cheating?

If the Physics Department could not cause any damage, then Shield Specialists, Berserkers, Bandits, and so on would not be able to gain any aggro at all. Could it be that the long-range attacks of the Mages could directly fight against the Specter?

Would it work?

The ghost's magic attack was as high as 6,500 points and was comparable to a normal Gold Boss. It would be strange if a weak Magician could withstand it!

Especially when this spirit did not follow the rules. Magic attacks were not elemental magic, but rare sound wave magic and the ability to control and invade the mind…

Tsk!

She designed it so perversely. Was she deliberately making things difficult for him?

Why don't you go to heaven?

"Damn, this feels so real!"

Even though the ghost's face could not be seen clearly, compared to the undead zombies and undead zombies, it was either a green face with sharp teeth or a rotten face.

However, the spirit's unique evil gaze and the chilling coldness that made people feel as if they had fallen into an icehouse made people shudder.

Even a bold man like Qin Sheng could not stand it and felt his scalp tingle, let alone the girls who were naturally timid. All of them were shivering in fear and did not scream out on the spot. This was already considered a strong mentality.

"Big Brother Weihun, save me!"

The other girls were fine. They were merely frightened. However, when they attacked, the Peony Girl who was locked onto by the spirit was almost frightened to tears. She whimpered and asked Qin Sheng for help.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

The spirit was extremely fast. Qin Sheng was also a little anxious. When the spirit entered the attack range, he slashed out with his sword and accurately hit the spirit within five meters.

However—

MISS!

Another large "MISS" rose from the ghost's head, as if mocking Qin Sheng.

F*ck!

This fellow was really immune to physical damage!

Qin Luo Sheng absolutely did not believe that this MISS was triggered normally. Since that was the case, it must be as the spirit had said, he really did not eat physical damage.

"What should we do?"

Qin Sheng panicked when he saw the spirit ignore him and pass by him, heading towards the peony that had almost collapsed from fright.

Could it be…

My reputation is going to be ruined here, on this funny ghost?

He brought his sister but let her be killed by monsters.

This was a blemish that couldn't be washed away.

Tsk!