Chapter 378: Supplement Supplement

"What the f*ck!"

Qin Qin Sheng was utterly disgusted. Even though the girls from the Rose Society had cleaned up the battlefield and given him a considerable amount of dividends, he still could not feel happy.

Gold coins?

How could gold coins have the fragrance of ingredients?

"There's still about half an hour left."

Sanguine Rose looked at Qin Sheng's gloomy face and wondered what he was angry about. She took a glance at the game world and realized that there were still two and a half hours left (two more hours in the gaming capsule).

With the experience from the previous three BOSSes, Sanguine Primrose knew that the BOSS in front of her was extremely powerful and could be killed within a minute. Thus, she did not rush him and instead asked, "Do you want to take a break?”

"Let's rest for ten minutes!"

High-intensity battles were quite exhausting.

This was especially so for the battle with the spirit this time. Even if he did not need to move or focus on aiming, he only needed to wave his arm. However, this monotonous movement was not only boring but also very tiring to the arm. Even though Qin Sheng had switched to his right hand with his left hand and was chopping with one hand for a period of time, he still could not take it.

"Alright, let's rest for ten minutes!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded in agreement.

"Hu…"

Exhaling a mouthful of turbid air, Qin Sheng retrieved the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and randomly found a nearby seat. Leaning against the pillar, he did not care about his image and directly sat down. He took out the food and water prepared in his backpack and prepared to fill his hunger.

At the same time.

Qin Luo Sheng also saw the girls from the Rose Society. They gathered in a circle and sat on the ground, slowly eating their buns. It was clearly just to fill their stomachs, but it gave them the feeling of having a picnic.

“Mm? Is that all?”

He glanced at the inventory in his backpack. At most, two more would come. Qin Sheng immediately felt a little distressed.

That made sense.

It had been three days since they entered Moonlight Forest. It was reasonable for them to use up all their resources, right?

But what should he do?

"Should I reveal the skill 'Space Jump' and return to the city to replenish my supplies?"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his head hurting.

Even though the Moon Temple was a hidden place, it was basically difficult to discover without the guidance of the map. Furthermore, with the current players, unless it was a large group of players from the top ten guilds in China, just the monsters outside were enough to resist ordinary players and teams.

In other words.

As long as Qin Luo and the others did not leak any information, it would be impossible for others to find this place. Even if they entered the Moonlight Forest by mistake, they would not be able to find the Moon God Temple.

This way…

Since there was no time limit for the mission, he could go back anytime he wanted. He could add whatever he wanted and come whenever he wanted. It didn't matter at all.

Except.

Once he left, if he wanted to return to the Moon Temple, he would have to take another "long journey". Even if it was a walk in the park, he would still be the leader of the human-shaped tyrannosaurus, Qin Sheng. The time spent would definitely not be short. It should be three days, or three days.

How about another three days?

No!

Impossible!

Not to mention the girls of the Rose Society, even Qin Sheng who needed a lot of experience points might not be able to take it.

Take a step back.

Even if Qin Luo was willing, Sanguine Primrose and the others were not.

In the end, the Primrose Militia was still a large organization. Even if the power structure had already matured, it didn't matter if the guild leader, Sanguine Primrose, wasn't around for a few days.

However, since Sanguine Primrose was the pillar of the Primrose Militia, it was impossible for her to not show her face for a long time. If not for the fact that this quest was too important, Sanguine Primrose would not have spent so much effort to obtain it.

If they delayed for too long, there might be trouble.

When the time came.

Sanguine Primrose had no choice but to give up on the quest or delay it.

Even if there was no Rose Society now, Qin Sheng, who had found the place, could still move alone and take advantage of the opportunity to clear the checkpoint himself.

However, if that was the case, there would be one less reward. After all, this hidden quest was accepted by the Primrose Militia and the target was the leader of the Primrose Militia.

Without her, the mission would not exist.

In the end, it was an S-rank mission that was comparable to an Epic-ranked mission. The reward was definitely not bad. Unless it was absolutely necessary, Qin Sheng was not willing to miss it.

“You guys. How much food and water do you have left?”

After finishing the bun, Qin Luo gulped down two bottles of water. Seeing that his hunger bar had dropped to 0, he wiped his mouth and asked in the established chat channel.

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, don't you have any food or water? I have some here!"

The Peony of Fallen City immediately started talking. As she spoke, she stood up with two piping hot buns in her hands, wanting to send them to Qin Sheng.

"No, no need. I have more!"

Qin Luo Sheng immediately refused. He glanced at the Peony of Alluring City and then at the other girls who had gossip written all over their faces. The corner of his mouth twitched and he changed the topic. "I'm asking if you guys have enough. After all, it's already been three days. In terms of supplies, I reckon it's about time."

Every player could expand their backpack by 500. In addition to the initial 50, there was a total of 550!

‘ Of course.’

If there were other items or equipment that could store space, it would be different.

For example.

Qin Luo Sheng's Epic belt, [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon], was born with 1,000 space compartments. It was almost double the size of a player's largest backpack.

"Don't you know? Food and water can be bought directly!"

The peony returned to its senses and blushed when it saw the teasing looks on the girls' faces. It lowered its head and did not dare to speak anymore. The other girls were afraid that they would follow the peony's footsteps and kept quiet. In the end, Lily, who had known each other for the longest time and had a good deal with them, came out to help them out.

"Purchase it directly?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

Could it be that the System is out of the Merchant Shop now? I can buy ingots, cough cough cough cough, I can buy food and drinking water now?

"Where can I buy it?"

Although he could make use of Spatial Jump in a reasonable manner and add whatever he wanted without any difficulty, there was a faster and more convenient way, and there was no need to suspect anything. Qin Sheng was still quite curious.

Before today, he did not know about this.

Perhaps it was a new function created by the system or the officials!

It was no wonder that even after two or three days, there was still no shortage of supplies.

He could only blame himself for killing monsters crazily these few days. He was very tired and did not have the time to browse the forums or enter the official website, so he did not know about this.

As for the Primrose Militia, especially Sanguine Primrose, even if she went offline every day, she would still have to deal with a lot of things. She received a lot of reports and had to arrange strategies and plans for the Primrose Militia.

After all, they were a large faction and their information was quite useful. It was not surprising that they knew about the recent reforms.

"Where can I buy it?"

Lily gave Qin Sheng a strange look, seemingly surprised that he did not know about this. However, she still answered honestly, "It's on the Virtual Exchange Platform. There are quite a lot of food and water hanging on it. It's prepared for players who are out on missions and can't return to the city for a long time and can't replenish their supplies. There are also quite a number of secondary jobs that are products made by chefs. As there are no shops and no time to set up stalls, they are sold on the platform."

Qin Sheng:…