Chapter 377: Special Monster, A Disgusting Phantom (3)

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Just as Qin Luo was at his wit's end and was completely at his wit's end…

Suddenly.

A piercing sound rang out.

Qin Luo looked over.

He saw…

Green wind blades, red fireballs, white icicles, and yellow earth spikes appeared one after another and struck the ghost.

It was her!

It was them!

It was the mages from the Rose Society. They had launched their attack.

-112!

-88!

-396!

-47!

A weak damage number floated above the ghost's head. The highest fire magic was close to 400 points, and the weakest earth magic was only 47 points. It was simply unbearable to gamble.

But.

At least he was hurt.

It proved that the magic attack was effective!

"Wu wu wu…"

The mage dealt damage, and the ghost's aggro immediately shifted away from the peony and landed on the fire mage with the highest damage, Blood Rose.

Blood Rose:…

‘ I’m sorry.’

Is it too late to apologize now?

The next moment.

The ghost told her the answer.

Of course—

It was too late!

"Wu wu wu…"

A unique sound came from the spirit's mouth. In an instant, Blood Rose's eyes turned red and her pupils were filled with ruthlessness. She held her magic staff and aimed it at the second highest water mage. Her guild leader, Sanguine Rose, started chanting.

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

What's wrong, sister?

The vice president was unhappy. Was he trying to kill the president and usurp the throne?

"Dragon Might!"

Just as the sisters were about to succeed in their act of betrayal, Qin Sheng stepped forward. His eyes narrowed as the true dragon's blood in his body boiled. In an instant, a mighty dragon's might swept out and engulfed the spirit that was controlling the blood-soaked rose.

-10000!

Instantly.

The thin HP bar on the ghost's head directly decreased by one-fifth.

With 10,000 points of damage and the Dragon's Aura's ability to attract aggro, Specter instantly shifted his target. He shifted his gaze away from the weak girls who only caused him three digits or even two digits of damage and locked onto him!

“Doesn’t eat physical damage and have the ability to control the mind?”

Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes as he watched the spirit shift its target onto him. He did not panic in the slightest as he sized the spirit up with a cold smile. "It's indeed very perverse. No wonder it only has 50,000 health points. I suppose the designer is also trying to balance things out. It's a pity that you met me! Next, I'll let you have a taste of how laughable your abilities that you're proud of are!"

"Gaze of Death!"

-10000!

Specter, who only had 50,000 health points, was reduced by 20% again.

In fact.

Qin Sheng did not care about his attributes decreasing at all when it came to spirits.

This guy was immune to physical damage after all. It was meaningless for his attributes to decrease.

After all.

His physical defense was at 0 points, so what if it dropped again? Could it drop to negative?

They could not afford to offend him! They could not afford to offend him!

The reason why it was still activated was because it required the Dragon's Aura to conceal itself, which would definitely attract the aggro of the Sanguine Primrose and the rest.

As for Death's Gaze, it was purely to reduce 20% of his health points. There was no other meaning.

"Dragon Fire!"

The [Coiling Dragon Liquid] 's blade glowed with a fiery red light. This was the special effect of devouring the soul of a fire-type true dragon. Each attack would deal an additional 3,000 points of fire-type damage.

This!

It was the key to Qin Luo's victory.

Other than that.

Qin Luo Sheng also had the passive ability of the Epic Ring [Death Bone].

[Power of Death] Passive effect. Every attack would have the power of death, causing a fixed 1,000 points of death damage. There was a chance of triggering the corrosive effect.

The corrosive effect was ignored, but 1,000 Death-type damage per second was very powerful.

Even though ghosts did not take physical damage, fixed damage was not included in this.

Even if it didn't eat physical damage, it wouldn't eat physical damage.

But the key was—

The [Power of Death] of the Death Skeletons dealt death-type damage, while the [Coiling Dragon Water] dealt fire-type damage.

This was very mysterious!

Qin Sheng, who was originally restrained, turned around and countered the spirit.

The damage of one slash was fixed at 4,000. Under the two weakening skills, how many strikes could a ghost with only 30,000 health points withstand?

Tragic!

The most devastating thing was that although Specter's magic attacks were superb, the magic he used was not elemental magic but sound wave magic. It relied on invasion and control as the main method.

However—

On Qin Luo Sheng's chest was a medal called the Courage Medal.

[Medal of Courage] has an ability called [Courage]—

[Courage] 's heart was as hard as iron, and its courage was as hard as steel. The brave had a benevolent heart and was fearless. After wearing it, it would ignore all pressure and be immune to all negative mental effects!

Oh wow!

That was all.

Qin Luo had the capital to hurt the spirits, but the spirits did not have the capital to hurt Qin Luo. Moreover, it was because of the dragon's might that the hatred was pulled by Qin Luo and could not harm others.

Perfect restraint!

"Do whatever you want. If you want to play, play. If you want to attack, attack. Don't worry about anything else!"

Qin Sheng, who had pulled the spirit to test it out, immediately discovered the situation. Instantly, his gloomy face became radiant as he instructed the girls. Then, he directly expanded Dragon Might and Death God's Gaze to its maximum range and plunged into the pile of monsters like a mad dog.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was put away immediately. It had been a long time since Qin Sheng had fought with only one hand. The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's sword edge was piercingly cold and the sword aura was awe-inspiring. Beams of two-meter-long sword aura were slashed out. Explosive damage did not appear, only pitiful 4,000 points of damage.

Yet.

This was fair.

After all.

The ghost only had a pitiful 50,000 health points.

After confirming that the spirit could not possibly cause the slightest bit of damage, Qin Luo also gave up on his defense completely. His hand seemed to have been struck by a gust of wind as he just stood there and attacked the countless spirits that had surrounded him. He had no intention of aiming at all. With the intensity of the attacks, any random attack would be accurate even with his eyes closed.

An hour later.

Similarly, there were 400 to 500 spirits, but all of them were killed.

This time.

Compared to cleaning up the undead zombies and undead zombies, it took at least twice as long.

He had no choice.

It was really uncomfortable for the lousy designer to create such a disgusting monster.

If it was a strange monster, it was fine. After putting in some effort, it would eventually be resolved.

But what made Qin Sheng the most uncomfortable was that spirits could not be collected!

Meow meow meow?

Are you kidding me?

The fangs of undead zombies and the corpse poison of undead zombies were all good stuff!

However, the spirit did not give him any benefits at all?