Chapter 373: The Angry Rose

Collect!

Ding… congratulations on collecting Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison formula * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Hahaha…

If it were not for the inappropriate timing, Qin Luo would have laughed out loud.

Surprise!

It was indeed a huge surprise!

Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that not only would he be able to gather the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that had killed him in an instant, he would also be able to dig out the root of the Zombie King and obtain the recipe for the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison.

"I, Qin Sheng, am indeed the son of destiny, the person blessed by the Goddess of Luck!"

Qin Luo Sheng was trembling with excitement.

Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison.

That abnormal ability was extremely terrifying.

Once he grasped the formula and produced it, he would simply be able to dominate and sweep everything before him.

If the product created by the player could reach the level of the Corpse King's usage, the Dragon Abyss would be nothing. I could kill him right now.

[Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison]

Type: Poison (Corpse Poison)

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: Extremely special poison. It possesses an indescribably strange poison. Anyone who touches it will die, and anyone who touches it will die. Only a ten-thousand-year-old Corpse King can easily control it and unleash its ability!

Indeed.

It really was the cluster of Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison that the zombie king had swallowed earlier, and now it had been extracted.

"This thing, be careful, be careful."

Qin Qin Sheng held the grey mass of Heaven's Extinguishing Corpse Qi in his hands, afraid that he would accidentally use some force to break it. If that happened, not only would he be poisoned to death, he would also waste such a good treasure, a super trump card.

"It's a good thing that I brought this wooden box from the city lord's residence back then. It can be used as a container for the Heaven-Destroying Corpse Poison regiment.”

Qin Luo Sheng took out an exquisite wooden box.

This was something City Lord Luo Lin had given him back in the City Lord Residence. It was used to store the royal pastries. He had never been able to bear to throw it away, so he hadn't expected it to come in handy here.

He carefully placed the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison into the wooden box and then carefully placed it into his backpack.

Nothing happened.

Hu…

Qin Luo heaved a heavy sigh of relief and wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Only then did he relax.

Damn it.

It was too exciting.

It was like holding a biological weapon.

[Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison (Special Recipe)] Requirement: Advanced Alchemy Skill!

Qin Sheng:…

Okay.

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was too naive.

How could an existence like the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison be casually refined by any Tom, Dick or Harry?

If one had to be highly skilled in Alchemy and mastery in it, wouldn't one become a Master or even a Grandmaster?

Speechless, he stuffed the formula into his bag. As he expected, this thing should be buried in the bottom of his bag along with the Blood Spirit Crystal and other items.

"What did you get this time? You can't even close your mouth?"

Sanguine Primrose walked over to Qin Sheng and rolled her eyes at him.

For some reason, she, who used to be as cold as ice, had a rather high frequency of emotional fluctuations in the past two to three days. Especially when she faced Qin Luo Sheng, she could not help but want to rebuke him.

Qin Sheng:…

Girl.

Have you taken drugs?

Did I provoke you?

Why are you insulting me like that?

Forget it.

On account that you are a beautiful girl, on account that you are the president of the Rose Society, on account that you have hundreds of millions of fans, on account that I am in a good mood, I will forgive you.

"Tell me, is there any good stuff that I can use?"

Qin Luo Sheng retracted his smile and resumed his expressionless face as he looked at Sanguine Primrose.

Damn.

This again!

Upon seeing Qin Luo's face, Sanguine Primrose's expression turned ugly.

Even she did not know why she could not help but feel angry whenever she saw Qin Sheng putting on a stern expression.

In the past, there were people who deliberately acted cold and aloof in front of her. However, she had no interest in them at all. However, this person in front of her aroused her interest, and then she paid attention to him. After that, she cared about him, and she started to worry about him.

Maybe.

This was the difference between acting and real life!

Others were acting, but Qin Luo Sheng truly did not care about her at all.

Who could stand this?

She was the national goddess, the president of the Rose Society. She had the face of an angel and the figure of a devil. Other than her lack of femininity, she was flawless.

You stinker, how dare you ignore me?

What guts?

"A Gold-grade armour. The rest has nothing to do with you!”

Biting her teeth, Sanguine Primrose was a little angry, but her rationality told her that she had no right to be angry. She and this man in front of her were merely strangers who had met by chance. For the sake of their own benefits, they had temporarily formed a team. They were not even partners, they were just partners.

"Alright then!"

First, there was a Gold-grade one-handed sword. Now, there was a Gold-grade armor. This upgrade instantly became epic. It was too fragrant.

Maybe.

It might even be able to replace the existing equipment?!!

After all.

Whether it was the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier or the Skeleton Heavy Armor, as their levels increased, they would gradually be unable to keep up with the pace.

The only reason why he still had it with him was because there were no better alternatives.

This was not because Qin Sheng disliked it, but because it was inevitable after growing up.

In fact.

The Hundred Battles Bloodline Armor and Bone Heavy Armor weren’t bad.

In the end, it was still an Epic equipment. Even though its level was too low and its basic abilities were lacking, its functions were really strong.

For example, he would fight with his back against the water and break the seal!

For example, Bone Shield Wall!

These were all very practical abilities. In a specific battle, they could even change the situation.

For example—

Back then, he had relied on the power of [Army Breaker]. In the Dragon God Temple, when he participated in the Dragon God Trial, he had cut off the True Dragon's body, which had been corroded by the Li Water Poison, forcing him to use his ultimate move and his trump card. Only then had he laid the foundation for victory.

Unfortunately.

A level 10 Epic could not even compare to a level 30 Silver.

This was the truth.

"How much do I get for this wave?"

Puzzled, he glanced at the seemingly angry Sanguine Rose. Qin Sheng had no idea when he had offended her.

Still.

As a woman, there would always be a few days when she was in a bad mood, so Qin Sheng expressed his understanding.

Thus…

They got back to business. “Don’t forget the ones cleaning up the undead zombies just now. Add them up.”

Sanguine Primrose:…

Go to hell!

You unromantic man!

"3700 gold coins!"

The items dropped by the Boss were not heavy. It was just a few pieces of equipment, and it was done very quickly. Blood Rose walked over with the results and showed it to Qin Luo Sheng. "The small monsters and the Boss' items are all counted together."

Qin Luo Sheng accepted the gold coin without any trace of politeness. A smile appeared on his paralyzed face again.

After killing the Blood Moon Zombie just now, he obtained 2,900 gold coins!

Now that he had killed the Corpse King, he had gotten 3700 gold coins!

Awesome!