Chapter 372: Untitled

Big boss.

I was wrong.

Please withdraw your magical powers!

I’ll never say that you’re a simple-minded person who only knows how to say the most ruthless things and get hit by the most vicious things. You’re really awesome.

-3,1363!

-3,1363!

-3,1363!

…

His Health Points were 522,272 points. Because of the 50% increase in all attributes of the Heart of Courage, all attributes of the Holy Flame were doubled at 100%. He also added Ice Skin and doubled it again.

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng's health points had already reached 31,3632. It was extremely terrifying.

Yet.

What was even more terrifying was that after being inflicted with the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison, it would weaken by 10% every second.

31,363 points per second. Who could withstand that?

With three Priests healing at the same time, they could recover over a thousand Health Points in a second. It was a drop in the bucket.

No matter how many potions he had on him, he could not withstand such a drop.

‘ Sorry—’

It was hopeless!

Dead meat!

Farewell!

"I never expected you to have such a move!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was incomparably complicated. Looking at the zombie king's enraged appearance, he could not help but boil with rage. "From Moonlight Forest to here, I've never suffered such a huge loss before. You're really capable. I admit defeat this time. However, even if I die, I'll drag you with me."

The fortunate ones of the Absolute Corpse Poison did not trigger the 80% chance of instant kill, but Qin Sheng, who was still poisoned, not only lost 10% of his health every second, but also had a terrifying 10% of all attributes.

If the effect lasted for 15 seconds, would he still be a J2?

When the time came, let's not talk about health points for now. What about attributes? Did he owe her 50%? Was it reduced to -50%?

Even though the Zombie King was terrifying, it had less than 10% health. That was his biggest weakness.

In comparison.

Qin Luo's greatest advantage as a zombie king no longer mattered to him.

In any case, he had already been poisoned by the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison and didn't have much time left. It could be said that he had already entered a ten-second death countdown.

Since he was destined to die, what was there to be afraid of?

Just do it.

Taking advantage of the fact that the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison had just erupted and that his attributes hadn't been weakened too much, he quickly killed this guy. Could it be that he wanted to keep him alive for the New Year?

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Qin Sheng moved his hands at the same time and performed a skill with his sword. He charged forward fearlessly, completely disregarding his defense and allowing the zombie king to attack. He wanted to buy time to deal damage and perish together with him.

The four augmentation skills were still there, especially the golden flames of the Holy Flame. This terrifying damage was already like an arrow at the end of its flight, like a corpse king that was on the verge of death. How could it resist?

After the two skills, his health bar, which was originally less than 10%, was reduced to less than 10,000.

Damn it!

It was really Dog R!

Qin Luo could not help but grumble.

It was this one mistake that led to the current situation.

If he hadn’t been poisoned by the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison and his attributes hadn’t been weakened, he would’ve been able to instantly kill the Corpse King with just those two skills.

But now, everything was over.

After being poisoned by an undying poison, so what if he killed the Corpse King? He would still be dragged along with him.

"I'm still too young. I actually lost my focus in the battle and gave the enemy a chance to turn the tables. F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed silently. He ignored the huge chain that the zombie king flung over and slashed once more.

Even though it only had 60% of all attributes, it was definitely not something the Corpse King could resist. The 10,000 health points were as thin as paper and were instantly cleared.

At the same time.

Three system prompts rang in Qin Sheng's ears in succession.

First,

It was the system prompt that had sounded after Qin Luo's sword qi had struck Qin Luo's body when the Corpse King was about to die.

Ding… Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison erupts, Corpse King triggers Instant Kill effect, you are dead! '

-3,13632!

A huge black damage number suddenly appeared above Qin Sheng’s head.

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly killed.

Still.

Without waiting for Qin Sheng to lie down, a lustrous white light suddenly rose from his chest and enveloped his body. It was holy and filled with boundless life force.

Ding… [Life Goddess's Blessing] is effective. You have been revived! '

This was the second system prompt.

Immediately after.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 38 Gold Boss Corpse King. You have received 800W experience points and 1,500 Reputation points! '

This was the last system prompt.

"That was close!"

Qin Sheng, who had come back to life after death, saw that the Heaven Extinction Corpse Poison in his body had been cleared and he only had 50% of his health left. He rejoiced. "Luckily, I still have the [Life Prayer] and the ability to revive. Otherwise, I would have really died this time."

"I have indeed become arrogant!"

Recalling the battle just now, Qin Sheng could not help but smile bitterly. "Perhaps it's because of the equipment and skills on him that he can suppress the dark creatures with overwhelming power. He can reduce the Boss to a piece of trash with only one-tenth of its attack power at its peak, so…"

"We can't be careless!"

Qin Sheng patted his cheeks heavily. When he felt the pain, he sobered up quite a bit. "What nonsense are you thinking about? Why are you so full of yourself? You almost crashed."

"This isn't playing house!"

"Although the dark creatures are very effective against dark creatures, dark creatures are also the most cunning and have strange abilities. If you are not careful, you might end up like the zombie king and use your real abilities to turn the tables."

Exhaling a mouthful of turbid air, Qin Sheng rang the alarm bell in his heart.

Looking at Sanguine Primrose and the other girls running towards him, Qin Sheng did not even bother to look at the stardust that the Zombie King had dropped. According to the agreement, the Primrose Militia would take care of these items. He had never taken the initiative to touch any equipment along the way, so as to avoid arousing suspicion.

Still.

Equipment Skill Book, blueprint treasure map, these belonged to the Rose Society, but Qin Sheng also had the benefit he had obtained—the right to collect corpses!

Whether it was an ordinary monster or a Boss, the things they carried were far more attractive to Qin Sheng than equipment.

This…

Along the way, Qin Sheng had obtained many treasures from the corpses, especially the Boss' corpse.

Putting aside the ordinary items, the Ghost Mother Ring, Longevity Lock, Soul Guiding Lamp, Black Iron Chains, and Big Spade were all top grade items that possessed terrifying abilities.

"Just now, the Blood Moon Zombie gave me a Blood Spirit Crystal that can allow a weapon to have the ability to suck blood. A Skill Crystal allowed me to comprehend the perverse skill, Blood Boiling."

Qin Luo squatted down and looked at the zombie king who had died with remaining grievances. He was in high spirits. "Then, what surprises can you bring me?"