Chapter 387: 90 Favorability, Please Guide Me For The Rest Of My Life!

"Sure!"

Mengmeng replied in a very serious manner, "A normal medium-sized restaurant would only require a high-level chef. However, if Young Master wants to improve further and manage the restaurant better, he will need a master chef!"

"Is that so?"

Qin Qin Sheng stroked his chin and pondered.

Within a few seconds, Qin Sheng figured it out.

Money!

Gold coins!

What was the use of not spending it?

Now that inflation is so high, saving it means devaluation. Isn't investing in the industry good for him?

Although the investment was a little big, when he thought about the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which was earning money every day, the medicine business that was at least five times the profit, and the eight Hidden Dragon Pavilion branches that were about to open, which would be even more popular…

Gritting his teeth, Qin Luo finally steeled his heart and said, "Then I'll ask Mengmeng to hire a master chef for me. Besides presiding over the Star Glory City's main branch, I'll also take care of the other eight branches."

"Apart from that, we will also hire 18 high-level chefs. Two of them will be assigned to each restaurant. One will cook hot dishes and the other will cook cold dishes. It will be easier to reduce the burden if we divide the work."

"As for the other parts of the kitchen, such as the dumplings and the lottery, the head chef will find them himself. Of course, it's also welcome to bring their disciples. In short, they'll be responsible for the kitchen."

"Wow! Nine stores opened at once? Young Master is amazing!"

Mengmeng looked at him with admiration. Then, she patted her chest and promised seriously, "Mengmeng will definitely settle it for Young Master!"

"Alright, thank you Mengmeng!"

Although his heart was throbbing in pain, Qin Sheng still forced a smile and said, "About five days. In five days, the renovation of the restaurant should be completed!"

This was just an excuse.

As long as the money was in place, the renovation could be done in two days.

Except.

Nowadays, Qin Sheng did not have the money to pay or renovate.

With five days of time, it should be able to cushion the impact.

After all.

With Hidden Dragon Pavilion’s gold absorption rate, as well as the weekly concentrated potion trade with the ten great guilds and the major trading companies, it was almost time.

At that time.

If he worked both ways, he would definitely be able to make a huge profit. Not only would he be able to earn the gold coins from the luxurious and exquisite clothing, but he would also be able to earn the first month salary of a group of chefs.

"Yes!"

Mengmeng nodded and said, "Mengmeng will contact him then. Young Master, do you want to see people and try the dishes?"

"No need!"

Qin Luo waved his hand and said, "If you use someone, don't suspect them. If you suspect someone, don't use them. I'll definitely trust the person Mengmeng is looking for. There's no need to look at the person and test the dishes. Mengmeng, if you think it's possible, then it's definitely possible."

"Also, I don't care about anything else. The kitchen is under the management of the chefs. However, the daily management of the restaurant requires a professional manager. If Mengmeng has the talent of knowing a manager, she must also help the young master recruit him! Our restaurant will depend on you, Mengmeng."

He said.

Mengmeng's eyes immediately turned red. She stood up straight and promised, "Mengmeng will definitely not disappoint Young Master's trust!"

"Silly girl, why are you crying? Come to think of it, it's all thanks to Mengmeng that Young Master managed to invite so many capable people."

Qin Luo Sheng secretly opened the employment platform and changed Mengmeng's monthly salary. After that, he added two 0s, from 100 gold coins per month to 10,000 gold coins!

"Young Master, you…"

Instantly.

Mengmeng sensed the change.

"Don't reject it. This is what you deserve."

Qin Luo Sheng stopped Mengmeng and continued, "I know Mengmeng's capabilities better than anyone else. A mere Master Chef can get a monthly salary of 10,000 gold coins. Mengmeng is not only a Master Chef, but also a Master Chef, Senior Tailor, Senior Alchemist…"

“But it was agreed in the first place.”

Mengmeng was getting anxious.

"Well said, but as the employer, it's normal for me to raise my cute maidservant's salary, right?"

Cute little maid?

Mengmeng blushed instantly.

Qin Sheng suppressed his urge to pinch her and said with a smile, "I still remember the first time I met Mengmeng. Although Mengmeng was dressed in coarse clothing, in my eyes, she was like a fairy descending upon the mortal world. That scene was imprinted in my mind and will never be forgotten."

Mengmeng lowered her head when she heard his mushy words. Her blushing face instantly turned red. Even her jade-like ears and fair neck were dyed pink.

“Although Mengmeng’s peerless beauty is akin to a snow lotus on a heavenly mountain, and doesn’t need any common objects to complement her, as someone who loves beauty and appreciates beauty, I want to make Mengmeng even more beautiful.”

Qin Luo said affectionately, "I'm very greedy! I'm so greedy that I want to dream of your beauty for myself. I'm the only one who can see it and possess it! It's like a brocade, yet it's not even comparable to you in the slightest. They can only be your embellishment, only worthy to be your vassal."

"Speaking of which, I'm the one who has the advantage! Not only can I see Mengmeng's peerless beauty every day, but I can also enjoy Mengmeng's meticulous care. Furthermore, Mengmeng is so capable and proficient in so many skills. It's just 10,000 gold coins. To have such an all-rounded talent like Mengmeng is too profitable."

Puchi ~

"Young Master, don't be weird. Mengmeng knows that you are helping me. Since Young Master is so generous, I will accept it."

Qin Luo's strange words made Mengmeng laugh out loud. She took a step back, held the corner of her skirt, and bent her knees seriously, making a maid's bow that was perfect. She looked at Qin Luo seriously. Although her eyes were shy, she did not avoid them. She said in a firm and solemn tone, "Young Master, please guide me for the rest of my life!"

Qin Luo smiled.

Finally.

Even a straight man would have spring.

As long as she could endure the disgust, as long as she could be thick-skinned, there would be times when she would get a girl.

Ding… Mengmeng's favorability towards you + 3. Current favorability: 90! '

90 affinity points!

It wasn't easy!

This also meant that Qin Luo and Chen Mengmeng had successfully cultivated from being "friends and above, lovers are not yet complete" to becoming lovers.

‘ Of course.’

Lovers were not lovers. They could only hug and touch each other. At most, they could kiss each other. It was impossible for them to cross the minefield.

This was not good.

I, Qin Sheng, express my dissatisfaction.

‘ Look.’

Didn't those men and women in real life confirm that they were lovers and that 99.99% of them could be HAPPY? Why couldn't they do it here? They had to strictly abide by the rules of favorability? It couldn't be done without reaching 95 points.

Tsk!

"Please guide me!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled brightly.

This was the first girl he had met in both his previous and current lives. She was extremely beautiful and had an explosive figure. She was talented and had impeccable abilities. She had a gentle and virtuous personality, was natural and unrestrained. She also had the cute and dumb personality that he loved the most. She also had a firm grasp of her temperament. How could he not be happy to have such a goddess-like girlfriend?

…