Chapter 380: The Burial Ground At The End Of The Hall

"Look—"

Qin Luo Sheng knew that his embarrassing state earlier could not be hidden from a group of female hooligans. However, it did not matter how they looked like him. He just did not want a group of pure little girls to feel burdened and see through his evil intentions. Hence, he immediately shouted loudly to divert their attention. "I shared the attribute map with the chat channel!"

[Phantom ribbon.jpg]

Indeed.

Including Sanguine Primrose and the rest, all of the girls' attention was drawn to the stats window.

He clicked on it.

[Phantom ribbon]

Type: Belt

Grade: Epic

Requirement: None

Effect: Health + 2000, Mana + 2000, Strength + 50, Constitution + 50, Agility + 50, Spirit + 50

Special Effect: [Phantom Space] contains 1000 backpack spaces!

[Phantom Charm] + 20 Charm!

[Additional Skill] Illusionary Spirit Bewildering Formation: Consumes 1,000 Mana Points and can be used on the target (the target can be single or group), forcing the target to enter a hallucinatory effect for at least 3 seconds, up to 30 seconds. There is a certain chance of causing a severe hallucination, causing fear to the target! Cooldown: 1 hour!

Introduction: The Illusionary Seven-Colored Belt is said to be made from the Origin Energy of a spiritual object known as the Seven-Colored Illusion Butterfly. It was fused into a Spatial Origin Stone and then forged from seven-colored elemental energy. During the Great War between the Ancient Gods and Devils, it once caused 100,000 soldiers of the Demon Army to fall into an illusory realm, shocking the world with its battle. Afterwards, the wielder was assassinated by the Demon Race, and their whereabouts are unknown.

“Waa ~ ~ ~ ~”

Instantly.

Everyone was shocked!

Epic equipment was already out of the ordinary category. It was completely different from Gold equipment that was one level lower. The difference was huge.

Especially—

Special equipment such as rings, earrings, cloaks, belts, etc.

Hidden equipment such as heart armor, inner crown, mask, gloves, etc.

Those attributes and abilities were either beyond imagination or unbelievably strong.

Just like the Illusionary Spirit Ribbon!

Not to mention the effects, the 1000 backpack spaces, 20 points of charm, and additional skills had a minimum of three seconds of illusion ability. It was simply explosive.

"Such powerful equipment!"

The girls expressed their envy on the spot.

Who wouldn't like this kind of special equipment with good looks, strong effects, and skills?

With such equipment, not only could he increase his strength, but he could also enter the equipment rankings. The benefits of making a name for himself in China and even the entire world were not something that could be explained in one or two sentences.

Top ten in the entire China rankings!

This was equivalent to a huge exposure, and the traffic would naturally surge.

What did the flow mean?

In today's society, the traffic was king!

This was especially so for a faction like the Primrose Militia that was filled with female players. In itself, it was already extremely attractive to them. In addition to that, Sanguine Primrose was a legendary character.

With this kind of hardware, once the exposure increased and the subsequent publicity was in place, and two stories were casually made up, the chemical reaction and estimated explosion would occur.

"Although I know it's impossible, I still have to ask!"

For the first time, a look of longing appeared on Sanguine Rose's face. She stared intently at Qin Sheng's outlook and asked, "Are you selling?"

Qin Sheng:…

Big Sis.

Since you already know that it's impossible, why are you still asking?

Who would sell such equipment?

Didn't he become an idiot?

Do you think I, Qin Sheng, would do something like killing a chicken to get its eggs?

"Sorry, I'm not selling!"

Qin Luo shook his head and said firmly, "This thing is not for sale!"

Sanguine Primrose immediately gave up.

She was just asking. That was all.

Everyone present knew very well that this was an impossible transaction.

"Alright, it's about time. There's only ten minutes left in the game. Go kill the last Boss and get the last part of the combination key. Let's end it here today!"

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly ashamed of the thought that he shouldn't have had just now. Especially when he saw the innocent looks of Lil 'Lily, Peony and the other girls, he felt even more guilty. Thus, he said, "I'm not selling the Illusionary Spirit ribbon. However, I have some Epic equipment that has been eliminated from my shop. I can give them to you."

“Really?”

Before Sanguine Primrose could even react, the vice guild leader's eyes lit up.

An Epic equipment was much stronger than Gold equipment.

Current players.

Apart from the hacker in front of him, who occupied most of the equipment rankings, only East Imperial and Martial Emperor were on the list.

Perhaps, other than them, there were others who had Epic equipment. No, not perhaps, but definitely!

After all.

The two pieces of equipment that Qin Luo had displayed in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion—the Death Fang and the Netherworld Scepter—were not on the list, but they were both epic.

The Chinese war zone wasn't weak. Everyone knew that these two pieces of equipment fell into the hands of the Elegance Room.

This proved that an equipment of the Epic stage was not a non-seller in Weeping Soul Beast's eyes. As long as he nodded, you could give him a price or satisfy his request.

In the past!

Everyone wondered what this Weeping Soul Beast had done and why it had so many powerful equipment.

But after this trip to Moonlight Forest, their Rose Society understood!

With this level of combat power, he could even finish off a Gold Boss that was seven or eight levels above him in a minute. Furthermore, he would drop at least five pieces of equipment every time. It was not surprising that he had so many pieces of equipment.

‘ What?’

The highest drop was only Gold equipment, not Epic equipment.

Why don't you take a look and see what kind of BOSS you are killing now?

In the videos that they released, the ones fighting were the Empress of the mysterious race, the mutated Demonic Beast Snake Girl, the Jiao, the Dragon, etc. How could these dirty zombies compare to them?

Too many to say.

The boss behind the Moon Temple, the Undead Lich, would definitely drop Epic equipment!

I, Rose, will stand up for this!

"Alright then!"

Sanguine Primrose's expression softened a little as she said: "Let's talk about it later, my Primrose Militia will definitely give you a satisfactory price!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any Epic equipment at the moment. However, this thing was extremely simple for him. He could simply take two pieces of Gold equipment and sublimate them miraculously with Starlight. Wouldn't that make him an Epic?

They struck a deal, a verbal agreement.

This matter was settled.

Now.

Resolving the Moon God Temple was the most important task. He would think about the future later.

"This is… a cemetery?"

They continued deeper and soon reached the last part of the palace.

Before he could see the Boss, the first thing he saw was a cemetery filled with tombstones.

A cold wind blew as ghost flames rose.

Accompanied by a faint and plaintive "wuwu" sound that came out of nowhere, one couldn't help but feel a chill from the bottom of their heart, and they immediately felt their hair stand on end.