Chapter 388: First Time Forging Iron

Leaving the Luoshen Residence.

Qin Luo was a little lost.

"What should I do next?"

Initially, according to the plot, Nightmare Dream should have done something beneficial to her physical and mental health. However, Qin Sheng had never had such an experience with girls before. For a moment, he felt a little guilty and did not dare to do anything rash.

Besides.

Qin Luo had only just started his performance. He did not want to frighten Mengmeng because of his impatience.

After all.

His affinity points had just reached 90 points and he was on the passing line. If he were to return to his original state, he would really have no place to cry.

In fact.

Qin Luo Sheng himself did not know what had happened. The reason why he had increased Mengmeng's salary was because Mengmeng's abilities were indeed worth this price. In addition, he had invited so many ruthless people this time and solved the problem of the Nine Pavilions in an instant. Just this network of connections alone was worth 10,000 gold coins.

And… help!

The NPCs were intelligent and had independent personalities and thoughts. In a sense, they were no different from humans.

This was also why Fate Dimension was so attractive. Be it the elderly or the children, they all liked this place and this world.

Thus, Qin Sheng had never treated NPCs as simple NPCs. It had been like this since the beginner village.

So.

Even though he didn't know why Mengmeng was so poor and dressed so shabbily, there must be a story behind it!

As a smart person, Qin Sheng would not take the initiative to probe or question her. But at the very least, he could take a roundabout route and use the excuse of a pay raise to resolve her dilemma and give her a favor.

It had to be said that this was a brilliant move.

Even Qin Sheng himself only realized afterwards that he had hit the mark.

It had to be said.

This was a misunderstanding, a wonderful misunderstanding.

In order to retain talent and a moment of kindness, Qin Luo Sheng, this fool, had unexpectedly gained a pure maiden's heart.

"Indeed, good people will be rewarded!"

After figuring out what was going on, Qin Sheng could not help but smile proudly. "That's great!"

If they didn't do this on the spur of the moment, everything would be the same as before. According to the agreement made when they completed the [Harvesting the Sun Blossom] mission—during the 10-year employment period with Mengmeng, they would only be given 100 gold coins per month. If that was really the case, they would have no choice but to remain in the employment relationship forever.

"I can only say that I blew myself up!"

When he thought of Mengmeng's cute and lovable appearance, Qin Sheng instantly felt his blood boil.

For a goddess like Mengmeng, as long as there was no problem in that aspect, any man would have other thoughts, right?

Qin Luo was no exception.

Now.

If he couldn't even settle such a good condition, he wouldn't be a straight man, but a super trash.

Fortunately.

Everything was going according to plan.

This…

Has his favorability increased?!!!

It was only 95 points, only 5 points away.

If he had nothing better to do in the future, he could do it more often. He believed that he would be able to do a home run soon!

That's right.

I, Qin Sheng, am just that confident.

…

Qin Luo, who was extremely satisfied and happy, felt that the sunlight was just right. In such a good mood, he really did not want to go to that ghastly place in the Moonlight Forest to deal with those ugly monsters, lest his mental state be affected.

"There's only one hour left in the game, and it's almost midnight. What should I do if I add the two extra hours from the second day to a total of three hours?"

Qin Luo Sheng walked aimlessly. He really wanted to go offline and preserve his good mood so that he could sleep sweetly. However, when he casually glanced around and saw the blacksmith store beside him, he was immediately stunned.

"Why don't we go forging?"

Qin Luo immediately had an idea.

Ever since he had obtained the Art of Forging, he had yet to forge a piece of equipment with his "signature". It was a pity, but also a waste of such a great skill.

Just in time.

Since he had time and mood today, why not give it a try?

Initially, he wanted to wait for the weaponsmiths at the Luoshen Residence to finish their modifications before taking action.

Except.

He had just instructed Mengmeng to do it. If she wanted to forge at home, she would have to wait for some time.

"Do something?"

Qin Luo Sheng hesitated for a second before making a decision. "Then let's do it!"

He strode into the blacksmith shop and coolly paid an astronomical price of 10 gold coins, while Qin Sheng rented the most luxurious and professional high-quality refining room.

Even though he was a newbie, Qin Luo Sheng had received the inheritance from the Inheritance Pearl previously and had directly awakened his weapon refinement techniques. Moreover, he had advanced to a higher level in one leap.

Unfortunately, his combat experience was zero.

Still.

Memory inheritance was quite terrifying. As long as he touched it slightly, Qin Sheng believed that he would be able to become familiar with it very quickly.

It was impossible for weapons to be made out of nothing. One had to have the materials.

Typically speaking, beginners would start with inferior materials or begin with primary materials. However, Qin Sheng was a beginner and not a beginner.

So—

It didn't start with the elementary materials. It started with the intermediate materials.

At this stage, intermediate materials were the most popular and most expensive materials. After all, most of the first-string associate positions had already reached the stage of using large amounts of intermediate materials to break through to a higher realm.

Since there was less demand, the price naturally rose.

But Qin Luo did not spend a lot of money to be a sucker.

For a high-level refiner like him, using intermediate materials was already a waste of his talent. How could he be so stupid as to be slaughtered?

It was just a familiar feeling. He could use any material. It didn't necessarily have to be a middle-grade material.

However…

Qin Qin Sheng was very rich. Even if it was training, he used intermediate materials.

He had no choice.

There were too many intermediate materials!

Back then, during his trip to the Mausoleum of Books to clean up the three regions, he had collected a large pile of intermediate grade materials.

In the Moonlight Forest, when advancing towards the Moon God Temple, they had also gained a lot from passing through so many monster areas, such as the Howling Moon Wolf Skin and Howling Moon Wolf Fang.

Weapon Forging techniques were very advanced. They included forging techniques, tailoring techniques, embedding techniques, strengthening techniques, and so on. However, it seemed that only the first two types were available in the game, which were forging weapons and weaving armor. They were commonly known as forging and sewing.

As for the blueprints for forging and weaving, Qin Sheng had them.

The ten blueprints that he had inherited with the Inheritance Bead back then were all high-grade items. The materials required were extremely precious, and the technical requirements were extremely harsh. Of course, the items refined were also extraordinary.

Unfortunately.

I don’t need them now.

Thus…

Qin Luo Sheng searched the virtual exchange platform and spent a sum of gold coins to purchase two popular blueprints. There were no special trash items, but it was enough for him to practice.

There was nothing much to say about forging weapons and weaving armor. It was all technical work.

In terms of techniques, he had inherited them in his memory. There was no need to consider this.

The key was whether he could perfectly apply the techniques in his memory into practice and integrate them into his muscle memory. That was the problem facing Qin Sheng.

Fortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng's spiritual power was very strong, and he was very sensitive. Coupled with his good physique, his coordination and flexibility were extremely high…

Be it the strength required to forge, the strength deviation, or the severity of the matter, they were all well controlled.

And the meticulousness and concentration needed to weave, to thread through needles, to flip fingers, to be flexible and tight, was no problem.

So—

Ten minutes later!

"Ding, your [Wolfskin Armor] weaving failed. You lost 1 Hissing Moon Wolf Skin and 30 Refined Iron Fragments…"