Chapter 386: The Surprise Brought By Mengmeng, The Full-Time Master (3)

These words made Qin Sheng want to vomit.

Oh my god.

This was too disgusting!

Is this me?

Since when did a straight man like me have such a gentle tone?

Eh…

"Here are 10,000 gold coins. Mengmeng, take it first. Buy whatever you need to buy. Add whatever you need to buy. Don't be afraid of spending money. If you spend it all or if it's not enough, ask me for more!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out a bag containing 10,000 gold coins and handed it to Mengmeng. He said gently, "Remember, don't save what you should spend. Only the stronger Mengmeng is, the better you can help me."

"Yes, yes!"

Mengmeng's eyes were filled with tears. She took the money bag and nodded.

"Don't cry, you're already a flower cat!"

Qin Luo Sheng naturally reached out his hand and wiped away Mengmeng's tears. Then, he patted her head and said, "Make proper plans and modify the two chambers. Change one to a forging room, and change the other to a refining room. That's right, Mengmeng seems to still be a high-ranking tailor, right? Then, modify one more chamber!"

"Alright!"

Mengmeng smiled sweetly.

"Since you want to change it, then change it."

Qin Luo Sheng took out another 40,000 gold coins. This was all the gold coins he had on him after buying the villa in Mu Yaocheng. "Take these gold coins and use them as the renovation fee. If it's not enough, I'll send them over tomorrow. If there's more, Mengmeng, you can decide."

"Got it, Young Master!"

Mengmeng pinched the corner of her dress and smiled sweetly. "Just wait and see. Mengmeng will definitely satisfy Young Master!"

“Really?”

Qin Qin Sheng also smiled. "Then I shall wait and see!"

“Right.”

With a thought, Qin Sheng thought of the restaurant he had yet to open. He glanced at Mengmeng, who had master-level culinary skills, and asked, "Mengmeng, do you know any good chefs?"

"Yes!"

Mengmeng immediately replied, "Young Master, are you still looking for a chef?"

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the slightly pouting Mengmeng with an amused expression and explained, "A few days ago, I bought a shop in the nine main cities and wanted to turn it into a restaurant. However, I have a shop now, but the most important chef has yet to settle down. I remembered that you're a master chef, Mengmeng, so I asked if you know anyone reliable."

"Ah, I see!"

Mengmeng stuck out her tongue in embarrassment and blushed.

She had misunderstood just now. She thought that Young Master disliked her cooking skills and wanted to find another chef.

"Chef friend Mengmeng knows a lot of people!"

Mengmeng said proudly, "Everyone in the Chef's Association is a very capable chef!"

The Chef's Association?

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

What?

There was actually such an association in the world of fate?

Dog System.

You sure know how to play.

"The Chef's Association? Will they agree to my invitation?"

Qin Luo was somewhat worried.

"That won't happen!"

Mengmeng smiled sweetly and said, "The association is only established because it's convenient for everyone to gather together. It can also be considered as a circle. Everyone can communicate and help each other. Mengmeng is also a member of the association. Besides the Chef's Association, there's also the Garden Arts Association, Alchemist's Association, the tailor's Association, Butler's Association, Zither Arts Association…"

Qin Sheng:…

Done.

Please stop talking.

Were geniuses all so willful?

Every time he introduced himself or listed his titles, he would have to say it for two to three minutes?

"People with good culinary skills should be very popular, right? If they don't open their own restaurant, then they must have been hired by other big bosses long ago. Do I still have a chance to take advantage of them?"

Qin Luo could not help but ask.

This was related to his chain restaurant business, he could not be careless.

Talent was the most scarce resource.

Perhaps, if one had money, they could hire anything. However, the reality was different. Current players' culinary skills were only at the intermediate level, and they could not afford a big restaurant. Only NPCs could meet the requirements.

The resources of NPCs were not something that could be obtained with money. One had to have connections.

Fortunately.

Mengmeng was a Master Chef. A Master Chef was quite impressive.

With this ability, he should have some reputation in the so-called Chef's Association, right?

By right, with Mengmeng as the guarantor and the money, it shouldn't be difficult to hire a few good chefs.

"Don't worry, Young Master. There are many capable chefs. As long as Mengmeng asks, we can hire at least a dozen high-level chefs. We can even hire a master chef."

Mengmeng said proudly. Then, she smiled in embarrassment and said, "But, it should be quite expensive!"

He could even hire a master chef?

Qin Luo was momentarily stifled.

Who exactly was this little maid? Why was she so fierce?

Wasn't this network a little too scary?

Most importantly, this was only the Chef's Association!

If the gardening association, the Alchemist Association, the tailor association, the butler association, the Zither Arts Association… could all pull in talents, that would be too terrifying!

"It's a pity that other than the restaurant, we don't need any other talents!"

Qin Luo Sheng secretly shook his head. "I'm not interested in the arts such as zither skills and calligraphy. As for alchemists and tailors, I don't have the energy to do them. After all, there are plenty of potions and equipment over at the Dragon City. I can go and fetch them anytime!"

“Expensive. How expensive?”

As long as one was talented, had superb skills, and had more money, it was very normal. As long as one did not ask for too much and was insatiable, it was fine. As for this line of work, Qin Sheng did not know much about it, so he could only ask Mengmeng, a person in the circle.

"If he's a senior chef, he'll need at least 500 gold coins a month! And a master chef will need at least 5,000 to 10,000 gold coins!"

Mengmeng said shyly.

Qin Luo was stunned.

Was this price a robbery?

It was not that he could not afford to open it, but it was just too powerful!

According to the current exchange rate of gold coins, it was about 1 to 1100, which meant that one gold coin could be exchanged for 1100 RMB. According to the highest rate of 10,000 gold coins per month, that was 1100W per month?

Tsk!

Could it be that the dishes cooked by a master chef could make him immortal and prolong his life?

RBQ! RBQ!

In comparison, 500 gold coins per month was quite fair for a senior chef.

Qin Luo Sheng was also clear that he would get what he paid for. Since a master chef dared to offer such a price, he naturally had the ability to make it worth it.

Except.

The scale and scope of his vision limited him. Moreover, 10,000 gold coins per month was too exaggerated.

"Can high-ranking chefs oversee a restaurant?"

Qin Qin asked.

If senior chefs were not qualified, they could only invite master chefs. With the Hidden Dragon Pavilion as a gold mine, they could generate endless profits and feed them to the restaurant. They could raise them without any problem.

Even if the price was really expensive to the point of explosion, it was still the time to seize the market. If he spent more money, as the first shop to devour the market cake, he would be able to nurture the reputation of the famous shop. If he spent more money, he might be able to earn more in the future.

Master-level chefs should be able to make dishes that increase attributes, right?

If possible, he would definitely make a killing!