Chapter 383: Mom'S Calling Again

Forty minutes later!

Qin Qin Sheng took two large bags of takeaway from the delivery man.

After waking Nan Nan up, the two of them wolfed down the food, finishing off the portion that was enough for ten people.

They finished eating.

Nan Nan continued to return to her room to sleep. Qin Sheng tidied up the trash and slipped out.

Even though his body no longer needed it, he had developed a habit of taking a walk after dinner. Since he had nothing to do anyway, it was good to come out and relax.

On the way to the estate, Qin Sheng took out his phone.

Su Youran asked, "Master, what are you doing?"

Su Youran asked, "Are you ignoring me again?"

Su Youran said, "Hmph, I'm angry!"

Su Youran asked, "Are you there? Are you there?"

Su Youran said, "Bastard! ~ [´ ﾟД ）"

Qin Sheng:…

Missy.

Are you so free all day?

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "Ah ah ~ ~ I'm sorry, I've been too busy these few days."

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "What's the big beauty looking for me for?"

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "Could it be that you want me to be your companion because you can't sleep at night?"

Who didn't know how to flirt?

Even if my practical experience is zero, who have I booed on the Internet and on the keyboard?

Su Youran snorted. "Hmph, you big baddie, you're finally willing to reply to me?"

Your Brother Cheng: "I really just went offline!"

Su Youran said, "What's your ID? I'll add you. Bring me along in the future, big brother (cute)!"

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "Sure, I'm good at taking care of girls!"

Su Youran: "Strong? So you're familiar with it?"

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "No, no, no, you're the first girl I've ever taught!"

Su Youran said, "I'm not a little girl. You can't lie to me!"

Brother Sheng: "Really? You found out! Sigh ~ ~ ~ (Regret)"

Su Youran said, "Hehe, you want to lie to me again? I'm afraid you've forgotten how you acted when you saw me. That uneasy expression is still fresh in my memory!"

Qin Qin was instantly drenched in sweat.

Tsk!

Was it necessary to remember such a small matter so clearly?

I am famous in this world, but I was caught red-handed.

It was a good thing that Su Youran didn't know that I was crying my soul out. Otherwise, wouldn't I be laughed at?

The mysterious and powerful Weeping Soul Boss was actually a pure little boy who blushed at the sight of girls and couldn't help but run away. He was a big loser. This was simply cruel and shattered the dream of 1.3 billion girls!

"…"

Brother Sheng: "Tell me, what's the matter? Do you really miss me so much that you want to date me?"

Su Youran replied, "Yeah, I've asked you out so many times, but you're always patronizing me. Hmph!"

Your Brother Cheng said, "— | I'm busy here!"

Su Youran replied, "Busy? Busy playing games? Like hell I believe you. This is the first time I'm meeting a guy for a meal, but you rejected me three times."

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "Really? Haha ~ How can there be three times? Nonsense!"

Su Youran asked, "Did you say anything else?"

Your Big Brother Cheng: "I'm sorry!"

Su Youran asked, "Are you free now?"

Brother Sheng: "Yes, of course."

Su Youran said, "That's good. It's too late today. Shall we have dinner tomorrow?"

Your Big Brother Cheng: "Beauty Su has the final say!"

Su Youran said, "Hmph, at least you know your place!"

Brother Sheng: "How about 8 p.m. tomorrow?"

Su Youran asked, "So late?"

Sociopathic Brother Cheng: "Yes! I have something to do in the game. I have to be online during the day!"

Su Youran said, "Alright! I was going to treat you to a big meal! Since you're so late, I'll buy some groceries after work and cook for myself. It'll save me money, hehe! (Happy)"

Oh?

Bring her directly into the house?

Could it be…

This girl is interested in me?

Qin Luo's heart instantly burned.

In an instant.

In her previous life, countless images of T's movements appeared in her mind—

Friend? AVI?

Drunk Girl AVI?

Qin Sheng put away his piggy-like appearance and wiped the saliva at the corner of his mouth. His hands danced together as he quickly replied—

Brother Sheng: "Isn't that great? Why is the big meal outside as delicious as the one made by Beauty Su? (serious face) Just looking at Beauty Su's peerless looks, I'm already full. The ancients say that beauty is a feast for the eyes, that's right! (color)"

Su Youran said, "You're so sweet!"

Brother Sheng: "Of course. By the way, how did Beauty Su know that I'm sweet?"

Su Youran said, "Hooligan? Hmph! Don't think that I don't know anything. You even drove it on me! (Despise)"

Brother Sheng: "Cough cough, why are you so dirty? I'm a decent person. Don't close the door after tomorrow's meal. Don't leave me behind. Don't shower and wrap yourself in a towel in front of me. Don't just have one bed. Don't leave the door open when you sleep… I won't fall for it!"

Su Youran: "Hahaha ~ ~ Are you usually so funny? I'm dying of laughter!"

Brother Cheng replied, "No, of course not! I'm a decent person. It's just that Beauty Su makes me feel like we're old friends at first sight. When I see you, I feel like I've seen my future wife. That's why I opened up my heart and told you so much!"

Su Youran said, "Hmph, a man's mouth is a liar. I'm not a little girl who just came out of school, hehe!"

Societies' Brother Cheng: "Look at my eyes, do you see that? The words' sincerity 'are written all over them!"

Su Youran said, "Alright, alright. Let's stop here. If I continue chatting with you, I'm afraid that I'll laugh until my stomach hurts and I'll be sent to the hospital today. That's it. I'll send you the address tomorrow night at 8 pm."

Brother Sheng: "Okay, rest early. See you tomorrow night!"

Su Youran said, "Goodnight!"

Your Brother Cheng: "Goodnight!"

End the conversation.

Qin Luo Sheng shifted his gaze away from his phone and turned his head, which had been lowered for quite some time. Just as he was about to lock the screen and head home, his phone suddenly rang.

Upon taking a closer look, Qin Sheng's happy face instantly collapsed.

"Hello, Mom, it's me!"

"It's getting late. I'm busy here, so I'll cut the long story short. I'll believe your explanation for the blind date last time and won't hold it against you. This time, there's a new girl at your uncle's restaurant. I've seen the photo. It's not bad and I've already arranged it for you. This weekend, go and meet her."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

What did he mean by that?

Did I agree?

“No, this, Mom. I think—”

"I don't need you to think, I just need to think!"

His mother replied domineeringly, "I'm informing you, not asking for your opinion. There's no room for discussion on this matter, so it's settled! I'll send you the photos and contact details. Let's have a chat with her first and familiarize ourselves with her. This girl isn't bad looking and I heard that she has a good personality. You must work hard to bring her back to my Qin family to be my wife."

Qin Sheng:…