Chapter 384: The Surprise Brought By Mengmeng, The Full-Time Master (1)

I don't need you to think, I just need you to think?!

What familiar words!

His mother was mighty!

He was indeed the number one leader in the family. He had oppressed his father for decades. Just this domineering aura alone was enough to make him lose.

"Alright, I'm busy here, so I'll hang up first. Remember, it's the weekend. I'll come and ask you about the results when the time comes. If I hear any bad news!"

His mother continued, "Then you'd better think it through carefully!"

Qin Luo shuddered.

Holy shit!

This was really a headache!

Brothers!

Why is your mother so fierce?

Was this Ba Yu Ren?

But my mother, the one from my previous world, was also from Bayu. Why was she so gentle?

Could it be…

Was this the power of a mother who urged a blind date and marriage?

I'm scared, I'm scared!

A quick beep sounded.

Qin Luo Sheng lowered his head and looked at the photo and contact details of the girl he was about to go on a blind date with, sent by "Mother". He felt a wave of sorrow.

"What have I done wrong!"

Looking at the photo, the girl had a bright smile on her face that made one feel quite comfortable. It matched Qin Luo's aesthetic taste very well. However, there was no problem with the blind spot. The additional points were enough to get 80 points.

Except.

After his encounter with Mu Mu, Qing Si, Blood Rose, Allure Peony, Blood Rose, Lily and the other girls, even if he had no other thoughts about them, Qin Sheng's standards had already been raised by a lot.

She could only be considered a beauty with a starting score of 90 points. With this additional score and the girl who barely scored 80 points…

"Forget it, I'd better go take a look! After all, it was the mother of this body who personally instructed me to occupy her body. I can't reject such a small matter!"

After letting out a breath of turbid air, Qin Luo agreed gloomily. "Just go out and go through the process. Consider it a vacation for yourself! If you're forced, you can just spend money to rent a girl home and pretend to be her girlfriend to fool your way through."

"Or rather, if we were to bring Beauty Su out directly, I'm sure she wouldn't reject such a small request, right? As long as Beauty Su is willing to make a move, with her looks and aura of 95 points, she would definitely kill anyone who stood in her way. How could she not be able to deal with her family?"

…

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

Qin Luo took out the returning scroll and returned to Star Glory City.

He went to Hidden Dragon Pavilion first. The business was doing well, and it was still as popular as before. Especially after the launch of the Dragon Island Potion, he had monopolized the high-end potion business. There was an endless stream of players coming and going every day.

"We're running out of manpower!"

Qin Luo returned to the second floor of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and opened the backstage. When he saw Elder Liu, Qingwu and the others in poor condition, he could not help but frown.

That made sense.

With this level of popularity, if not for the fact that players only had ten hours of gaming time and the high price of the potions, the number of people would definitely increase by many times.

Even so, Old Liu was the only one collecting equipment, evaluating the equipment, pricing the equipment. Qingwu and the other three were busy entertaining the guests and moving the goods up for sale.

"This is the chief elder who followed me first. He took care of Hidden Dragon Pavilion for me and earned so much money. I can't let them tire themselves out. In the end, they couldn't take it anymore and directly resigned. That would be dumb."

Previously, he had no choice. After all, the gold coins at that time cost seven to eight thousand, five to six thousand. There was no way he could take them out.

It was different now. There were plenty of gold coins. It was easy to hire NPCs.

He opened the recruitment page of the system.

Qin Luo Sheng hired two more equipment evaluators in one go to assist Old Liu. He also hired four service girls named Chun, Xia, Qiu, and Dong Xiang to share the pressure with Qingwu and the others. He also hired six strong porters to carry goods.

Then…

Raise salary!

All employees in the existing store would receive double wages.

Old Liu: "Thank you, boss!"

Qingwu: "Thank you, manager!"

Die Wu: "Thank you, manager!"

Die Qin: "Thank you, manager!"

Diemeng: "Thank you, manager!"

"Work hard!" Qin Luo said encouragingly, "I've hired a few more people. Qingwu, as the supervisor, make some arrangements and arrange the work. From today onwards, take turns and take turns. There's no need to have so many people in the store at the same time, just arrange two or three people at each time. As for Old Liu, you can arrange the two who are your assistants."

Qingwu: "Alright, I understand!"

Old Liu: "Thank you, boss!"

"Mm!" Qin Sheng nodded. "Everyone, work hard and give everyone a bonus at the end of the month!"

After settling the internal affairs of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Qin Sheng upgraded the equipment he had collected from the warehouse on the second floor and went to the nearby pharmacy to purchase another batch of goods.

Everyone could afford this powerful intermediate level potion, and it was the best seller. They had to replenish it from time to time, and it was quite annoying. Unlike the potions from Dragon Island, as long as they didn't encounter any spendthrifts, it wouldn't be troublesome for them for a week or ten days.

Still.

He had no choice.

What really brought about a huge amount of popularity was precisely the low-end strong and middle-grade potions, which had to be used to stabilize the popularity and drive sales of other products.

He bought 100,000 health potions and 100,000 magic potions in one go, filling up the warehouse.

"Just bear with it, don't let that fox Sanguine Primrose find out anything!"

At this time, the renovations of the shops in the other main cities had been completed. He only needed to make a trip there and use the shop owner's authority to open the doors for business. Only, Qin Sheng held back.

Now that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch was opening for business, wouldn't that mean that they were confessing to it?

With Sanguine Primrose's intelligence, all she needed was a few clues to connect the dots and find the loopholes!

His life now was rather stable and peaceful. Qin Sheng liked it very much and was very satisfied. He did not want to be found and watched by others!

Since the shop could not be moved for the time being, he would buy a villa!

From the backstage of Hidden Dragon Pavilion, the turnover was extracted.

Qin Sheng, the buyer of the house, was online again.

"One villa a day. This money-making speed, I'll blow myself up!"

Ten minutes later.

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of Mu Yao City's Fangdu Bureau with a land deed in hand and a face full of smiles.

"I'm one step closer to the dream of the nine largest villas in the nine main cities!"

Although hundreds of thousands of gold coins were gone in the blink of an eye and his heart ached, when he saw the large villa built on top of a huge divine tree in the center of Muyao City, filled with natural harmony and beauty, Qin Sheng instantly forgot about the gold coins and felt satisfied.

Back in the mansion in Star Glory City.

As soon as she stepped through the door, Mengmeng welcomed her. She was accompanied by a few female servants who were dressed in maid outfits. They were all good-looking and had good figures.