Chapter 381: Gravedigger'S Big Spade (1)

No more running.

This had to be the tomb raider's territory!

Qin Luo was instantly certain.

He had no choice.

This style made it difficult for him to guess wrongly.

The blood pool of the Blood Moon Zombie, the chains of the zombie king, and the graveyard of the necrophiliac.

Her personality was too obvious and could be seen through at a glance.

"Relax, it's nothing!"

He turned his head and looked at the girls who had unknowingly hugged each other and were shivering. Qin Sheng said speechlessly, "Didn't you guys meet the cemetery outside earlier? Why are you still so afraid?"

As he spoke.

Without waiting for the girls to reply, he walked up alone and stepped into the cemetery.

"Hu la…"

At this moment.

The sound of chains being dragged could be heard.

This scene was exactly the same as when Qin Luo had first entered that extraordinary place outside the Moon Temple.

"Gravedigger!"

From the depths of the cemetery, a figure slowly walking over gradually became clearer. That unique shape and disgusting smell, Qin Sheng would never mistake it. "It's really you!"

Probing skill!

[Gravedigger (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 39

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 65,000

Physical Attack: 15,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 8000

Magic Defense: 6,500

Speed: 1,500

Skills:???

Introduction: A strange person with an unknown origin who likes to dig up graves and dig up corpses. He spends all his time in various graves and mass graves, digging up corpses. He is extremely disgusted with living people and is obsessed with corpses. In the wild, he will immediately run when he hears the sound of dragging chains. If he can't run in time or see his true appearance, he will turn you into a corpse and bury you in the grave. In a half-rotten state, he will dig you out and add you into his collection.

He had evolved from a Gold Boss to an enhanced Gold Boss, and his level had also increased to Level 39. Qin Sheng could not help but be flabbergasted at the sudden increase in strength.

"What BOSS is this? Isn't it too strong?"

The message was sent back to the chat, and all the girls shivered in fear.

"Is he the owner of the cottage outside the Moon Temple?"

Sanguine Primrose's expression was extremely grave as she gripped onto her staff tightly, her face slightly pale as she asked: "With such an attribute, do you think we can win?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not reply. Instead, he stared fixedly at the necroft.

Eh?

Something was wrong.

Thinking back, this fellow had appeared along with the opening speech. That sinister and cold appearance, that strange ability, if not for [Courage], which was not controlled by the mind, he would have almost failed.

Except.

Why did he not say a word now? His eyes were also extremely turbid, as if there was no god, like a puppet.

Could it be?

Qin Luo suddenly had a bold guess.

Outside the Moon God Temple, there were Blood Moon Zombies, zombie kings, and grave-digging necrophiliacs. However, among them, other than the necrophiliac, the rest were just puppets. They had no thoughts, no emotions, only instinct. Their strength was also much weaker than those they had encountered in the Moon God Temple.

Based on the abilities of the Lich of the Undead, since this fella could create the Evil Infant Ghost Mother, it would be a piece of cake for him to create his own replica puppet.

The main bodies of people like the Blood Moon Zombies were naturally arranged to guard the palace of the Moon God Temple to prevent any trouble.

The duplicate puppets were sent out to wander around the Moon God Temple to clean up the miscellaneous fish.

Still.

The question was, why was it reversed in the case of the Gravedigger?

The grave-digging necrophiliac outside the Moon God Temple had both intelligence and strategy. While the one in front of him was stronger, he did not have any spirituality. Instead, he was like a puppet.

"Whatever!"

Unlike the High Priest, the Blood Moon Zombie, and the Corpse King, who were suspected to be puppets, the Gravedigger did not engage in a conversation first before fighting. Instead, he dragged the two chains behind him and sped over.

"In any case, we have to get rid of this guy. Who cares if he's a puppet or a real body? Just kill him!"

Qin Luo wielded his longsword with both hands as his body shone with brilliance repeatedly. The amplification skills that he should have had were added to him at an extremely fast speed.

"Dragon Might!"

-300,000!

"Gaze of Death!"

-300,000!

"Hunting Tiger!"

Attack Power -30%!

"Berserk Strike!"

"Ding… Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing grave-digging necrophiliac to be seriously injured. All attributes will be reduced by 10%!"

Tsk!

Still not triggering an absolute injury?

Still.

His attack power was reduced by 80%, which was enough to ensure his safety.

"Sword Aura Rampage, effect!"

"Li Shui!"

When dealing with a BOSS, he naturally had to change his strategy!

The fixed 3,000 points of Fire Damage from [Dragon Fire] was used to deal damage while [Water Distraction] was focused on control. As the number of attacks increased, more Water Distraction would be injected into the Boss' body, greatly reducing its movement speed and recovery effect. It was definitely the best choice to deal with the Boss.

With an attack range of seven meters and four times the damage inflicted by the dark element augmented by the sacred flame, Qin Sheng easily engaged in a tug-of-war with the Gravedigger.

You advance and I retreat, you retreat and I advance!

With the absolute advantage of speed and the ability to attack from a distance, battle was as simple as that.

His physical defense, which was as high as 8,000 points, was reduced by 40% to less than 5,000 points. Qin Sheng, who had four augmentation skills, might not be weak, but that was all.

Having dealt with the necrophiliac in the wild before, Qin Sheng was well aware of the necrophiliac's abilities.

In fact.

If this fellow had not summoned the Ghost Face Corpse, Qin Sheng would have been able to torture him from head to toe without any effort.

Although the one in front of him had become much stronger, he was still not like the Ghost Face Corpse Devil. His level was as high as 50, and he had already completed his third promotion. This was an absolutely crushing situation.

It was merely a Level 39 Gold-tier Boss. It did not matter what grade it was. Level was the key. And this level just happened to be ten more levels higher than Qin Sheng's level 29. It did not exceed the limit and was still within the acceptable range.

The Magic Eye's Spirit Control, which was stronger than the Specter, was perfectly neutralized by [Courage]. Hence, the first phase of the skill, which had 50% health, was useless.

The summoning of the corpse would summon the corpses in the cemetery and use a special method to control them. They would form an army of specters and attempt to gang up and solve the problem.

However—

Dragon's Might was activated, and Death's Gaze was activated. 40% of all attributes were gone, and with the help of the Holy Flame, it was a split attack. This was a gift to Qin Sheng, who accepted it with a smile. Hence, the second stage of the skill, which was 30% health, was unleashed and broken!

The Dark Soul swallowed all the Undead Qi, Vengeful Spirits and Dead Souls in the entire cemetery in one breath. In a short period of time, his ability increased greatly. However, there was still no qualitative change, nor did it change its nature. It was still a darkness-type skill, and it was still suppressed by Qin Sheng. It did not cause any waves. Hence, the third stage of the skill with 10% health points exploded and shattered!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 39 Gold Boss Gravedigger. You have received 800W experience points and 2,000 Reputation points! '