Chapter 389: Equipment Signature, Forger: Weeping Soul!

"Ding, your [Wolfskin Armor] weaving failed. You lost 1 Hissing Moon Wolf Skin and 30 Refined Iron Fragments…"

Qin Sheng:…

He would die before he could succeed.

I am a high-level refiner, but my car was overturned by an extremely simple [Wolfskin Armor]. Not only that, but all the materials were destroyed. Not even a single thread was left.

Tsk!

"Indeed, when men are compared to women, they are indeed at a huge disadvantage in terms of skill!"

Qin Luo let out a faint sigh. He was feeling rather unsettled.

Still.

He did not have a rigid mind. He would not let go of a little bit and play hard to get. Instead, he played to his strengths and avoided his shortcomings. He would first ensure success and build up his confidence.

Thus…

Qin Luo Sheng decisively gave up weaving and turned to forging.

Firstly, it was because he was more focused on the forging of strength control, which was more suitable for him to unleash. Secondly, it was because he still had a "divine weapon" in his hands—the steel hammer!

[Steel Hammer]

Type: Heavy Hammer

Grade: Epic

Requirement: 500 Strength

Effect: Refining success rate + 30%, optimization rate + 10%, quality goods + 10%

Additional Skill: [Steel Heavy Hammer] continuously hammered the embryo, making the shape of the embryo even more perfect. Under the weight of the hammer, the interior of the weapon would become even more compact. The sharpness of the weapon refined would increase, and the wear and tear rate would decrease. There was a certain chance of increasing the final product's attributes by 10% to 30%!

Introduction: A heavy hammer forged from wrought iron. It was once owned by a divine craftsman of a generation. It is stained with a trace of spirituality. If used properly, it can greatly increase the success rate of refining weapons and increase the ability.

This was the treasure that the old village chief of the novice village, Qin Luo, had gifted along with the legacy pearl and ten blueprints when he had left the novice village.

Unfortunately.

There was only this steel hammer, and not a set of ‘divine needles’ comparable to it, to be woven!

"Go! Go!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head regretfully, then rubbed his hands together. Holding the metal hammer, his heart started to burn.

Forging a weapon required a lot of steps. However, in this professional place, all the complicated procedures were simplified. As long as one was familiar with it, it would be easy to build it.

Qin Sheng carefully controlled the flame according to the composition of the blueprint and added it to the furnace. He first took out the "molten iron" mixed with various materials and then directed it into the mold he had prepared. After waiting for a while, a "battle of muscles" took place. He then lifted the steel hammer and began to beat frantically.

His meticulous control over his power and the realization that his weapon was gradually becoming perfect under his hammering, the sense of accomplishment and satisfaction in Qin Sheng's heart was simply indescribable.

A truly good weapon needed to be repeatedly hammered. Any slight flaw would produce a defective product, and it might even cause the entire sword to completely collapse and become useless.

Still.

In the end, this was not a weapon forged in the real world. Moreover, it was forged with the divine weapon, [Steel Hammer]. Coupled with Qin Luo Sheng's advanced tool-refining techniques and the fact that he was only forging trash weapons now, it was not that complicated.

"Steel Heavy Hammer!"

A few minutes later.

Qin Sheng had hammered at least a thousand times. When he saw that the sword embryo was about to be completed, he immediately used the supplementary skill of the 'steel hammer'.

In an instant.

Afterimages appeared one after another as the sounds of hammers rang out.

In less than ten seconds, he finished casting the skill and disappeared.

Ding… congratulations on crafting [Wolf Fang Metal Sword], Weapon Forging Proficiency + 0.1! '

Qin Sheng:…

Although he had successfully forged the finished product, was his f*cking 'Proficiency + 0.1' serious?

He picked up the Wolf Fang Metal Sword and took a look. It was not low. It was Bronze!

Even though this was just a casual work of a virgin, it was probably the limit that players could create at the moment. With this, his proficiency would be increased by 0.1?

Tsk!

"Forget it. I have already reached the advanced level after all. Moreover, it is not advanced forging skills, but advanced refining skills that encompass many abilities. So be it if it's + 0.1. It's already not bad that I didn't swallow it directly and didn't even add the pitiful 0.1."

In the blink of an eye, Qin Luo also thought things through.

"Miracle Starlight!"

He threw out a Starlight Miracle, instantly upgrading the Wolf Fang Metal Sword.

Wolf Fang Metal Sword

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Silver

Requires: Level 22, Berserker

Durability: 25 / 25

Effect: Attack + 235, Strength + 8

Special Effect: [Wolf Fang] Normal attack has a certain chance of triggering the tearing effect, causing the target to bleed!

Introduction: A weapon forged using wolf teeth and refined iron as the main material. It has inherited the sharpness of wolf teeth and possesses extraordinary lethality.

[Forger: Weeping Soul]

How exciting!

A Silver tier one-handed sword actually had an attack power of more than 200. It even had a special effect. It was simply explosive.

It was indeed worthy of being forged by [Steel Hammer]. It was indeed worthy of being forged using the skill [Steel Heavy Hammer]. With the sublimation of the Starlight Miracle, it absolutely surpassed the current 95% of equipment of the same grade circulating in the market.

He might not be as ferocious as the Wolf Fang Metal Sword, but he could tell at a glance.

[Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. This Epic weapon had 280 Attack Power before leveling up. After leveling up, its Attack Power doubled to 560!

[Wolf Fang Metal Sword], Qin Luo's casual work, under the premise of its effects alone, was almost comparable to the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] Epic single-handed sword.

‘ Of course.’

The reason for this outcome was because the level of the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was too low. It was already very impressive for a level 10 Epic to be able to surpass level 22 Silver.

"Awesome!"

Qin Sheng gently placed the Wolf Fang Metal Sword to the side and carefully admired the words "Forger: Weeping Soul" before he turned around and continued to forge nervously.

The success of the first round had not only allowed Qin Sheng to familiarize himself with the process, but it had also allowed him to quickly absorb the experience that had originally only existed in his memory and use it for actual combat. It had truly transformed into something that belonged to him and given him a lot of confidence.

Then…

There was a wild beat.

The second Wolf Fang Metal Sword was out in less than five minutes!

Why was it so fast?

Apart from familiarizing himself with the process, he also saved the most time on smelting iron. After all, he had to forge many weapons. Qin Sheng threw all the 1,000 kilograms of refined iron he had bought from the blacksmith store into the smelting furnace and melted it into molten iron. It was very convenient for him to direct it directly into the mold.

Three hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng resisted the urge to forge and stuffed all the forty one-handed swords he had forged into his backpack.

"This is f*cking poisonous! I can't stop forging!"