Chapter 385: The Surprise Brought By Mengmeng, The Full-Time Master (2)

"Mengmeng, apart from you and me, no one else is allowed to enter this secret room. Do you understand?"

After casually listening to Mengmeng's report on the situation in the residence, Qin Sheng immediately expressed that he would hand everything over to her and would completely leave everything to her. Then, he went straight to the secret room in his room.

"Yes, Young Master!"

Mengmeng clearly enjoyed Qin Luo Sheng's trust. She agreed with a smile and followed him into the secret chamber.

Ding… Chen Mengmeng's favorability towards you + 5. Current favorability: 85! '

Awesome!

Favorability increased again!

This was the game world known as the "real world". It had many hidden functions. For example, it could merge spirits and flesh with NPCs. It was also known as XXO!

‘ Of course.’

It was extremely difficult to accomplish this, and there were enormous restrictions.

Firstly, it was impossible to force an NPC to agree!

Secondly, he had to have a affinity with the NPC above 95. He could be intimate with the NPC from 90 points onwards. However, to reach the final step, he had to have a affinity with 95 points. Any less would not do!

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng and the female NPC had the highest affinity—

One of them was Luo Li. Her affinity was 92. She was already a friend and above. As long as she put in some effort, she would be able to conquer her.

The second was Chen Mengmeng. Because she had plucked the sunflower and saved her family, coupled with her charm and MAX points, her affinity points had started at 80 points.

Now that he had gained trust again, he increased it by another 5 points to 85 points. It wouldn't be long before he could break through the 90 points barrier and be able to have intimate contact with her. For example, hugging, kissing, touching. Yes, just thinking about it made him very excited!

The secret chamber was quite large, at least fifty to sixty square meters.

It was originally used to store some valuable and private items. This area was enough!

Qin Luo opened his backpack and took out all the materials he had no use for.

Blood Moon Corpse Teeth, Blood Moon Corpse Poison, Ghostmother’s resentment, Evil Infant’s Ghost Eyes, Blood Spirit Crystal, special virus samples, Howling Moon Wolf Fang, Howling Moon Wolf Skin, Corpse Poison, Corpse Teeth, Black Iron Chains, Corpse King’s Heart, and so on!

This was the harvest of Moonlight Forest.

‘ Of course.’

It was like the Ghostmother Ring, the Longevity Lock, the big shovel and other things that could be used. Qin Sheng kept them on him.

Qin Luo carefully took out the recipe for the Absolute Corpse Poison after putting away the ordinary items. The Qi of the Water Venomous Snake, the special scroll, and the others were placed in another place and locked properly.

"Young Master, where did you get so many rare materials?"

Mengmeng asked with glowing eyes.

“Where did it come from?”

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he recalled this girl before him. She was a terrifying full-time master. Thinking back, when he saw her consecutive postings, he almost fainted from shock.

"I collected all of them!—Why, are you interested?"

If you can't bear to part with your child, you won't be able to catch the wolf.

Qin Luo immediately exploded and took out the recipe for the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison. He waved it in front of Mengmeng's eyes to tempt her.

A good horse is worthy of a general, a sword is given to a hero.

If you wanted to capture someone, you had to do what they liked.

This…

As a high-level alchemist, Mengmeng could not take her eyes off the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison formula.

"Young Master, I want…"

Mengmeng bit her lips and whined shyly.

Instantly.

Qin Qin was shamelessly stubborn.

Holy shit.

Who could withstand that?

"Tsk, why do we have to have a affinity level of 95 before we can do anything?"

Tears streamed down Qin Luo's face. "I've f*cking decided. In the future, I'll definitely come back every day and do everything I can to nurture my affinity. In reality, I'm all alone. In this game world, I must get rid of my singlehood and remove the shame of being a great sorcerer."

"Young Master, Young Master…"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng gnashing his teeth in anger, Mengmeng was frightened on the spot. She timidly pushed Qin Sheng away. "I'm sorry. This recipe should be very precious. Mengmeng shouldn't be willful!"

"No, no matter how precious the recipe is, it's just a piece of paper. It can't even compare to a strand of your hair!"

Have you never seen a pig run before?

The moment Qin Luo Sheng opened his mouth, he was already an old scumbag. But there was nothing he could do about it. For the sake of his affinity, even if he himself was disgusted, he still had to charge. "This thing is quite terrifying. Aren't you afraid?"

"Really?"

Qin Luo Sheng's sweet words caused Mengmeng's face to turn red and her eyes to water. She revealed a green shyness unique to young girls. She was asked whether she was afraid or not, and her shyness instantly turned into excitement. "Mengmeng isn't afraid. Mengmeng is a high-level alchemist. If not for the fact that I don't have a suitable formula to break through, Mengmeng would have already become a master alchemist!"

Holy shit!

Was it that powerful?

Qin Luo was somewhat stunned.

At this moment, he was really speechless!

Let's see what abilities Mengmeng has…

Master gardener, Master chef, Senior Alchemist, Senior Tailor, Senior Butler, Senior Zither Master, Senior Painter, Senior Calligrapher, Senior Chess Master, Senior Brewer, Senior Tea Master, Senior Cultivator…

This did not include the many intermediate abilities!

A full-time master!

He lived up to his reputation!

How terrifying!

"Alright!"

Initially, he was still having a headache over how to make use of these materials and formulas. Unexpectedly, before he could trouble City Lord Luo Lin and Dragon Emperor, he found an all-rounded talent in the blink of an eye. Furthermore, this all-rounded talent had signed a 10-year contract with him. The quality of this talent had also soared to 85. It could be said that it was in his pocket.

Isn't this too dramatic?

Qin Luo did not know whether to laugh or cry. He only felt that everything was too surreal.

"Mengmeng can control everything here!"

If you doubt someone, don't use them. If you use someone, don't doubt them.

Qin Luo Sheng had no other merits, but as long as he trusted someone, he would trust them without reservation.

This…

He stuffed the invaluable formula into Mengmeng's hands. At the same time, he gave her the highest authority.

"Thank you, Young Master!"

Mengmeng held the corner of her dress and bowed slightly, making a perfect maid's bow.

"You're welcome!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled. "I should be the one thanking you. If it weren't for my Mengmeng being so capable, my recipe and ingredients would only be left to eat dust. There's no place for me to put my skills to use!"

My dream?

Mengmeng, who had never experienced being flirted with before, instantly flushed red. The temperature of her cheeks rose rapidly, and in a second, she became a steam engine. Under Qin Sheng's passionate gaze, she could not help but lower her head, not daring to look at him directly.

Ding… Mengmeng's affinity for you + 2, current affinity 87! '

NICE!

His words added another two points of goodwill, and it wasn’t in vain that I’d held back my disgust and said it.

"Mengmeng, if you need anything, just tell me!"

Qin Qin continued, "Using these things to make the best things would be the greatest help to me!"