Chapter 382: Gravedigger'S Big Spade (2)

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 39 Gold Boss Gravedigger. You have received 800W experience points and 2,000 Reputation points! '

It was Qin Sheng's most familiar segment again.

800W + experience!

Comfortable!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Evil Demon Eye * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining shovel's handle * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

[Evil Demon Eye]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: Unknown item. It contains extremely strong evil and demonic energy. Its specific use is unknown!

Qin Sheng:…

Three consecutive question marks?

How long had it been since he last saw this?

Still.

The more it was like this, the happier Qin Sheng was.

The more question marks there were, the higher the value of the Evil Demon Eye.

"Another trump card!"

Looking at this thing that looked like an eyeball and exuded an extremely dense spiritual energy, Qin Sheng threw it to the bottom of his backpack. "I only hope that I can meet someone earlier who can recognize the materials I've piled up and use them!"

"— Players can't be counted on in a short period of time. We can only see if the NPCs can do it. Relying on oneself to search is no different from finding a needle in a haystack."

"Alright, since this matter is settled, I'll be thick-skinned and come to the Star Glory City's City Lord Luo Lin to ask for some information. I can either make a trip to Dragon City and explore or ask the Dragon Emperor for help. Other than that, there doesn't seem to be any other way…"

Having made up his mind, Qin Sheng temporarily put the matter aside.

He looked at the other loot he had collected. This name was extremely familiar!

At the same time, it was hard not to be familiar with the product of a BOSS and the huge shovel part.

He took out the shovel from his backpack. Back then, he had killed the corpse digger outside the Moon Temple.

"Ding, the shovel's head and the shovel's handle have been detected. Do you want to synthesize them?"

"Synthesis!"

"Ding, you got a big shovel * 1!"

He connected the head of the shovel to the handle of the shovel, and a complete large shovel appeared in Qin Luo Sheng's hands.

"Eh, what's this?"

After quickly packing up the spoils of the Gravedigger corpse, a group of Rose Society girls could not help but gather around when they saw the strange yet familiar items in Qin Sheng's hands. Some of them had faces full of surprise, while others had faces full of stifled laughter.

Qin Sheng:…

Although he could not see himself, Qin Luo Sheng had a certain imagination and knew very well what he looked like now.

Dressed in cool equipment, coupled with his upright posture, his eyes were sharp and his cloak fluttered. What an indomitable man!

Just this look, this demeanor, this aura—

It didn't matter if he was holding a weapon, a saber, a sword, a spear or a halberd. He was absolutely majestic, heroic, and extraordinary. He could charm his little sister to death.

However…

Was it a huge shovel?

This was very awkward.

It was as if the prince was wearing a beggar's outfit, which ruined his beauty.

"F*ck, look at your eyes!"

Qin Luo Sheng was displeased on the spot.

Tsk!

Are you looking down on me?

You want to laugh?

He had eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. He mistook treasures for trash.

Forget it!

I'll show you what's good!

"Big shovel.JPG!"

Qin Luo could not be bothered to talk nonsense. He directly shared the attributes of the big shovel into the chat channel.

At the same time.

He opened the attributes panel of the big shovel.

[Big Spade]

Type: Spade

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Effect: Excavation Efficiency + 50%

Special Effect: [Gold Crusher Jade] Ignores metal, spirit stones, and other things below the Mythical stage. It can destroy metal, break jade, dig mountains, and break veins. It can destroy anything and everything! (This characteristic cannot be used in battle.)

Introduction: Unknown origins. It is forged from special meteorite iron and contains unimaginable abilities. It can ignore all existences without divinity and is peerless.

Qin Sheng:…

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Lily, Peony and the rest of the girls: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

What kind of immortal item was this?

Everyone was going crazy.

Was this ability serious?

Looking at the introduction, there was nothing special about it. But thinking about it, it was terrifying!

Putting everything else aside, just the words "Mythical" was enough to tell that this thing that looked exactly like the most commonly seen large shovel in reality was definitely not ordinary.

The girls might have only seen the surface, but Qin Sheng, who had talked to the corpse maniac before, naturally knew something deeper.

The Gravedigger had excavated countless tombs, including those so-called hidden sects and hidden factions that had yet to appear in the players' eyes.

A mere Gold Boss was no different from an ant. What right did he have to rob graves?

Of course, it was because of the shovel.

There was nothing that could not be destroyed!

To be able to destroy gold and break jade, dig mountains and break veins, mountain-protecting array formation, divine stone and golden jade, they were all dregs. Under the large shovel, they were nothing.

"What a great surprise!"

Qin Luo was grinning from ear to ear.

This item was the second unique item that he had obtained. The first item was the [Steel Hammers] given to him by the old village chief of the novice village. It was a treasure used for smithing.

"That's all for today. There are still a few minutes. Everyone, go offline and rest well. Let's try to finish this mission tomorrow!"

With the big shovel, Qin Luo was satisfied. He was not in the mood to care about the other spoils of war. He casually took the last portion of the dividends and key sent by the Blood Rose and confirmed the transaction without looking at the numbers.

"Quit the game!"

…

Time.

19: 00 PM!

He entered the game at nine in the morning. Ten hours had passed and it was now 19!

Coming out of the gaming capsule, Qin Sheng warmed up his limbs slightly before opening the door and exiting.

As expected, Nan Nan’s room was still tightly shut.

Qin Luo was already used to the reincarnation of the Sleeping God.

"What should we eat today?"

The food he had eaten in the morning had long been digested. Although there was nutrient fluid in the gaming capsule that could be injected into it to sustain his body, Qin Luo Sheng did not use it. After all, he had to go offline every day to eat. He did not need it.

Compared to the so-called nutrient serum, Qin Sheng still liked to eat, even if the effects were the same. However, the satisfaction and pleasure of eating was far beyond what nutrient serum could provide.

"How about a hotpot?"

Qin Luo loved hotpot the most. Even though it was summer now, it could not stop his love for hotpot.

Except.

It was already so late. If they were to eat hotpot, it would take at least an hour or two to finish.

Besides.

With his current appetite, he might not have enough time.

She thought about how she still had two hours of game time today and couldn't waste too much time on food, so she could only bear with the pain and give up.

"Then let's do it!—Hmm, let me see."

Qin Luo, who was selling software outside the restaurant, touched his chin and pondered. "Two super big pots, one pot mixed with three main ingredients, double the amount. A few cold dishes and steamed vegetables, twenty servings of rice, that's enough."