Chapter 395: Produced? Epic Staff!

The equipment dropped by the previous BOSSes were mainly silver. Even if they dropped gold, they would only drop one piece at most. Most of them could not even see the shadow of gold.

But now?

Under Qin Luo's terrifying luck, as well as the fact that this was the first time these guys had been killed, the chances of equipment dropping had greatly increased. At the very least, they had a Gold-tier set of equipment as their base. They were very strong.

Didn't you hear the screams of the girls?

It was just the beginning. Every five minutes, it would sound precisely.

But later on, it was too much. It was numb. Besides the occasional excitement in his eyes, it disappeared in a flash. His voice was long gone!

…

“Haaah ~ ~ ~ ~ ~”

The elephant-shaped demon beast, which was ten meters tall and running like a heavy tank, fell under Qin Sheng's sword. Before he could catch his breath, he suddenly heard a long-lost scream that shook the sky and earth beside him. He was so frightened that he almost died on the spot.

"Suya Qinghe? This dignified, virtuous, and quiet girl, how could it be her?"

Qin Qin Sheng was astonished.

It wasn’t just him, even the Rose Society girls that he was more familiar with were extremely shocked.

“I—I—”

Seemingly sensing that she had lost her composure, Suya Qinghe looked at the many eyes that were looking at her, especially those that were looking at her. Her face turned red as she raised her hand and revealed a staff. She said weakly, "It's an Epic equipment!"

What?

The group of girls went crazy on the spot.

Epic equipment dropped?

Wasn't this too surreal?

It was said that the probability of a BOSS dropping equipment of a higher grade than itself was extremely low. Especially when it was from Gold to Epic, it was even lower than the average grade.

Previously, he had killed several Gold Bosses and more than twenty ordinary Gold Bosses, but he did not get what he wanted. He did not expect that it would drop so quietly.

Instantly.

Everyone, including Qin Luo Sheng, looked at the huge white elephant corpse on the ground with a much kinder gaze.

This White Elephant was a good comrade!

"Sorry!"

"I shouldn't have been so rough just now. I should have treated you well and let you leave this world painlessly!"

Qin Qin Sheng repented deeply with a pained and frustrated expression.

Except.

Your hand movements are those of a Gan Godfiend?

Bastard!

If he wanted to repent, he should do so. Why did he not even let go of the corpse of the 'hero'?

Fast!

Stop your collection!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining White Jade Ivory * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spirit elephant meat * 108! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting…

"…"

A series of prompts kept ringing in his ears. Qin Sheng immediately beamed.

Indeed.

It was good to have a huge body. He actually got 108 kilograms of Demonic Beast meat and dozens of bones…

Initially, he had wanted to buy a batch of low-grade goods from the system and players and rely on the culinary skills of master chefs and high-level chefs to start first and familiarize himself with them.

Now, there was no need.

With so much Demonic Beast Meat, he could totally make it into a main brand. This unique signature dish was not just to look familiar, but to build his reputation, build his brand, and even build his own brand.

Qin Luo Sheng refused to believe it. At this stage, other than him, who else would be able to take out the meat of demonic beasts? Even if they did, they would only be lucky enough to encounter one or two demonic beasts. How much meat would they be able to split out? How could it be compared to the large quantity of goods in his hands and the variety?

"This is a staff!"

As the vice president, the Bloody Rose took the Epic-ranked staff away from Dan Ya Suhe's hands. She blinked her watery eyes and looked at Qin Luo Sheng coquettishly.

According to the rules.

Qin Qin Sheng had the right to choose his spoils of war first. Only he had no use for them or did not want them. This was why it was the Rose Society's turn. Moreover, Rose would have to purchase them at market price.

Everyone knew that Qin Luo did not value gold equipment. Of course, that was excluding those he used.

This staff was used by magi. Logically speaking, Qin Sheng shouldn't have wanted it.

However, this was an Epic staff after all. The current equipment ceiling was priceless.

If Qin Sheng really wanted to take it away, no one would dare object.

After all.

This was the equipment that Qin Luo had dropped from the beginning to the end after he had killed the Boss alone.

In fact.

These few days, their Rose Society had already taken advantage of her crazily.

Not only did they receive a huge amount of experience points, their guild leader, Sanguine Primrose, had also entered the Ranking Leaderboard and was ranked fifth.

Also, countless equipment, skill books, blueprints, formulas, scrolls, and so on were all in their hands.

That was terrifying!

Even if these were all purchased at the market price without a single cent missing, the problem was that even though the market price was the market price, there was no market price. Could one buy these things with money?

No!

If Qin Sheng had swallowed all the equipment and placed it directly in his Hidden Dragon Pavilion or on a virtual platform, he could have sold it for a higher price with just a little hype.

So.

Their Rose Society had already owed quite a big favor.

Now.

He also wanted Epic equipment. This made him feel greedy.

Even Blood Rose herself was embarrassed.

However, an Epic staff was too attractive, especially for her, who was a mage who was compatible with this "divine weapon". She could not even look away and did not want to let go.

"D * mn, an Epic staff. With a wave of the Starlight Miracle, it will become a legend!"

Qin Luo's heart was bleeding.

But.

This Epic staff was already exposed. What could he do?

Even if he forcefully obtained it, he could only sell it. At that time, how could he explain the change from an epic to a legend?

Wouldn't the Lords of the Stars be exposed?

A talent that could forcibly increase the grade of equipment would probably drive the entire world's players crazy.

At that time.

It caused even greater waves. No one could withstand it, not even the mainframe.

The players' anger, the humans' jealousy, and greed could not be easily quelled!

"I previously promised to sell you Epic equipment, but I've been staying in this damned place and couldn't return."

Qin Luo suppressed his sorrowful heart and said with a smile, "Just nice, there's ready-made goods now. You guys can take them!"

"Ah! Thank you so much!"

The pitiful expression on the Blood Rose's face instantly brightened up like sunshine. It had been tightly hugging its chest, looking like it would never let go even if it died. It finally relaxed a little, making Qin Sheng speechless.

Tsk!

If I don't agree, you won't let go either!

Since that was the case, why did he still ask?