Chapter 397: Gatekeeper (1)

Was it a dream?

It was neither a dream nor a dream.

Speeding three levels was not groundless. There were traces to follow.

There were about 1,000 elite monsters with at least 500 experience points and 300 Bosses with at least 20,000 experience points!

Even the lowest experience was more than 100 million.

And the actual experience points obtained far exceeded that.

For example, killing Gold Bosses and strengthening Gold Bosses would give him millions of experience points.

He wasn't the only one whose level had skyrocketed. The rest of the girls from the Rose Society were the same as well. Even though they hadn't fought at all and had only received the lowest level of experience, they were still able to reach Level 28. As for Sanguine Primrose, who had the highest level, she was already Level 29 and was about to reach Level 30.

"I hope this is the last hurdle and I can face the Lich directly. Otherwise, it will be too tough!"

Qin Luo Sheng stared fixedly at the door that led to the next checkpoint. While he prayed in his heart, he also opened the personal stats window that he had not seen in a long time.

Character: Weeping Soul

Level: LV32

Occupation: Shadow Warrior, Advanced Weapon Refinement Master

Talent: Lord of the Stars

Reputation: 118,455 (Secondary Reputation: Fate Temple 1000)

Power: None

Money: 4211 Gold, 78 Silver, 21 Bronze

Basic Attributes: Strength 2231, Constitution 1422, Agility 1370, Spirit 1365

Special Attribute: Luck 26, Charm Max, Enlightenment 58, Tenacity 88, Focus 53

Health: 52473 / 52473

Mana: 46519 / 46519

Physical Attack: 8513 to my left hand, 15345 to my right hand

Magic Attack: 2867

Physical Defense: 3326

Magic Defense: 433

Speed: 2,144

Dodge: 60%

Critical Hit: 70%

Elemental Resistance: 20% Water, 0% Fire, 0% Wind, 0% Thunder, 0% Earth, 30% Light, 80% Dark, 0% Poison

Recovery Speed: Health Points: 3% total Health Points / second, Mana Points: 2% total Mana Points / second

Skills: Slightly

(PS: This is the attribute after adding [Ghost Face]. Originally 36 Luck points, Ghost Face 10 points reduced, so it is 26)

"This attribute is quite explosive!"

Looking at his own attributes, Qin Sheng could not help but sigh. "The prerequisite for the final battle with Dragon Abyss in a month's time, level 30 is also OK!"

Instantly.

Qin Luo felt relaxed.

‘ Of course.’

This was only temporary.

The threat of the Lich was still present, and the terrifying Dragon Abyss was waiting.

How could he dare to relax?

Except.

His most important goal had been completed. Qin Sheng had indeed stopped reciting for the time being. He only wanted to end this mission quickly and leave the Moonlight Forest and the Moon God Temple.

If he continued to stay like this, even if he wasn't crazy, he would start to doubt his life and gradually develop towards a perverted and twisted direction.

Also…

After reaching level 30, the conditions for the Second Stage Profession would be fulfilled. After completing the Second Stage Profession, he would officially enter the Second Stage Profession. Not only would he be able to increase his strength, but he might also be able to improve the abilities of the shadow warriors and even awaken new skills.

Qin Sheng had no choice but to give up when he turned because he still had a mission to complete and could not leave the Beginner's Village. He had allowed Yatu to gain such a great advantage for nothing. He did not want to give up this Rank two reward no matter what.

But now, it was similar to how it was in the past. He was also being delayed by a mission.

Even though he was the only one who was above level 30, he was still very cautious.

This was especially true for East Imperial and Emperor Wu. They had already reached Level 29 two days ago. Even though it required 30 million experience points to reach Level 30, with their strength and wealth, as long as they didn't slack off, they would be able to achieve their goals very quickly.

Didn't he see that even Sanguine Primrose had surpassed him?

She was indeed a hooligan. She would never enter the rankings if she was a hooligan. She would go all the way to the fourth place and threaten the chrysanthemums of the East Imperial Continent and Martial Emperor.

Qin Luo Sheng could imagine that if East Imperial and Martial Emperor didn't have any special circumstances, once the Moon God Temple's mission was completed and Sanguine Primrose obtained the reward, while the other aspects were unknown, in terms of rank, she would definitely be able to surpass them and enter the Ranking Leaderboard, second only to him.

This was a little scary!

"Let's call it a day, shall we?"

Qin Luo Sheng asked Sanguine Primrose and the others for their opinions. This was not a pretense, he was truly tired.

They had been fighting for more than eight hours, especially in the later stages. They were all facing BOSSes. Fortunately, because of the buff skill's cooldown time, they could rest for a few minutes after killing one. Otherwise, even if they had persevered, they would not be able to stand and talk now. They would have been "carried away" long ago.

"Yes, you've worked hard!"

Sanguine Primrose did not insist and was prepared to continue squeezing Qin Luo's intentions out of him. She immediately replied, "Rest well, tomorrow is still the same time, we will gather at 9 AM."

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything. He simply made an "OK" gesture and exited the game.

…

The next day!

Qin Qin rose early in the morning.

Yesterday, after parting ways with Sanguine Primrose and the rest of the girls, he did not sneak online for a long time. Instead, he used up the remaining two hours of game time and went to sleep without even having dinner.

He picked up the phone on the bedside table and looked at it.

Apart from the chat message from Beauty Su, there was also an urgent message from her mother.

Tsk!

He had actually forgotten about it.

Qin Luo's face instantly turned bitter.

The girls from the Rose Society spent the past few days cleaning up the nine palaces. They had completely forgotten about this weekend's blind date.

This…

It had been a full four days. Tomorrow was Saturday, and the arranged date was at 14 p.m.

"It's alright, it won't affect anything!"

Qin Luo Sheng replied to Beauty Su's message and comforted his mother for a while before locking onto his phone screen. "I only hope that I can see the Lich today. Otherwise, I'll have to discuss with Sanguine Primrose about changing the game time."

Sigh!

What a headache.

However, he did not dare to disobey his mother's orders.

As his body continued to evolve, especially the last time when his [Spiritual Wisdom] broke through and awakened the skill [Divine Realm], he had an indescribable feeling, as if his brain had been further developed.

What good would that do?

To be honest, Qin Sheng had not deliberately tested it out and was not clear about it. However, there was one point that he had directly experienced.

That was, he had figured out the mystery that had been lingering in his heart, whether it was the armor or the soul armor.

It was Soul Piercer!

Because of the awakening of the [Divine Realm], Qin Sheng had dug out the deep memories of this body.

He remembered everything from his previous life.

She knew everything about him, everything he had experienced.

Among them.

This naturally included why his previous self, at the age of 18, did not go to university and instead traveled all the way to Shanghai. This was an extremely unfamiliar place, and the reason for his death.

Since he had occupied Qin Sheng's body, even if his soul was different, he had accepted the karma of his previous body.

All of these had become his.

He would never forget the hatred he had for her.

But now, he was too weak and powerless. How could he take revenge?

Even though his body had mutated and he looked like a superman, he was still a superman in the sense of the word. He did not have the ability to escape the punishment of the law after taking revenge.

Qin Qin Sheng did not want to throw his life away during his prime.

Revenge was a dish best served cold.

Take your time.

Still.

The matter of revenge could be temporarily put on hold.

However, since his mother was urging him to get married, it was difficult.

Epsilon = (an 'o' Omicron x)!