Chapter 391: Puppet Demonic Beast

There was no trail this time.

Qin Qin Sheng led a group of shivering girls through the gloomy and cold cemetery.

At the end of the cemetery was a door.

"This should be the place, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng took out the three keys that had dropped from the Blood Moon Zombie, the Zombie King and the Gravedigger.

In an instant.

A complete key appeared in his hand.

He inserted it into the keyhole and twisted it.

"Zhi ~ ~ ~ ~ ~”

The heavy door slowly opened.

"Peony, use your Flash Arrow!"

Qin Luo Sheng wanted to step in at first, but he remembered the strangeness of the undead lich and stopped himself. He ordered the Peony of Fallen City to shoot an arrow.

"Alright!"

Peony was very obedient. She drew her bow and shot an arrow. A flash arrow shot into the dark door.

"Is there no danger?"

Qin Luo focused his gaze and looked at the empty space that appeared under the strong light. He relaxed. "Looks like I was too careful. That's right, this is nothing! The Moon Temple is so big, how can there only be four areas and four bosses are done?"

"Let's go!"

Since there was no danger, Qin Luo was no longer fighting with Air. He took the lead and stepped through the door, followed by Sanguine Primrose and the other girls.

This was an empty space. Judging from the situation, it seemed to be a square.

Unfortunately…

Even though there were pavilions and flowing water, fake mountains and ponds, as well as flower terraces and green fields, they all declined. Not to mention flowers and brocade, there was not even a single weed.

"It's really a setup by WIFI. Damn, my head hurts!"

Qin Luo raised his eyes to take a look and saw that there were one, two, three… seven, eight, nine palaces. Instantly, he felt a headache.

The first barrier to enter the Moon God Temple, which was the main hall guarded by the fallen Moon God Grand Zealot, was only one!

Later.

They walked around the main hall and entered the rear hall.

He officially entered the second stage.

In other words, the three side halls were guarded by the Blood Moon Zombie, the Zombie King, and the Gravedigger Corpses.

Now.

After reaching the third checkpoint, it was another X3. From three side halls, it increased to nine?

Tsk!

Wasn't this too exaggerated?

Even though it was increasing in number, each time it increased by three times, was it really that awesome?

"This is going to be troublesome!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and turned his head to look at the other Rose Society girls who had the same expression of shock and helplessness as him. The corners of his mouth twitched as he said, “Looks like I won’t be able to see the Undead Lich today. Whether or not I can clean up these nine palaces is another story.”

In the past, Qin Sheng would definitely be happy.

Nine palaces, wasn't this the system's warm-up?

One must know that in the special map of the Moon God Temple, even though the monsters had been strengthened, compared to them, their experience had also greatly increased.

For someone like him who urgently needed experience, this kind of place was naturally the more the better.

Except.

After the morning forge, Qin Luo Sheng had become addicted to it. When he saw the large pile of materials molding in the warehouse, he could not help but want to forge them all and sign his name.

Plus.

Indeed, the past few days of pretending had been tiring. Not only did he have to maintain his image in front of the girls, he also had to act in front of the cunning Sanguine Primrose without revealing any flaws. After a day of regular combat, he had to sneak up and play for two hours.

It was really stressful!

‘ The sooner it’s over, the sooner it’ll be liberated,’ he said. ‘And then we’ll talk about bye-bye.’

Then.

A person could do whatever they wanted. Wasn't that nice?

"Everyone, follow closely. This is an unfamiliar place and a strange monster. They have already passed through many obstacles and reached this place. Don't be careless and fail miserably."

Even though he did not like Sanguine Rose, Qin Sheng was not a heartless person after spending a few days with her. He wanted to end this trip perfectly by bringing all these girls to the end.

"Understood!"

Qin Luo nodded.

Without much hesitation, he chose a random palace, pushed open the door, and strode in.

[Marionette Monster Tiger (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 38

Health: 800,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 6,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 4000

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 1000

Skills:???

Introduction: It was originally an ordinary tiger demon that grew up in the Moonlight Forest. Because it was persecuted by the Moon Temple, it became angry and joined the army of the Liches. Unfortunately, after the Moon Temple was breached, the Liches were worried that the news would be leaked and killed all their allies. They enslaved the souls and turned the bodies into puppets to guard the gate.

Qin Sheng:…

A familiar trick!

A familiar formula!

I was once again a TMD three-star Elite. This time, my level had reached Level 38!

Even Qin Sheng felt a headache.

If they really followed the first three side halls, each of them would have a huge pile of monsters and a guardian BOSS, then they would have to spend at least two to three days to clear these nine palaces.

Even with Qin Luo's Dragon's Might and the Gaze of the Death God, it was not just an absolute counter to the darkness-type monsters. It was also not like a regular team that needed to spend a lot of time luring monsters, pulling them, and then killing them.

However, if he were to go all out and attract the monsters crazily, it would certainly increase his efficiency, but the pressure would also increase, which would greatly consume his energy and stamina.

It seemed like a palace would only take tens of minutes to clean up in less than an hour. In the end, as long as the Boss did not exceed the boundary of gold and broke through to the Epic stage, the Boss would not have any strange abilities and would be finished in one minute.

In other words.

Under normal circumstances, a palace could be cleaned up perfectly in at most an hour.

As for the nine palaces, they were more than enough to wipe out all of them within ten hours of the game.

But.

Qin Qin Sheng was not a man of steel. To think that he would be overestimated for nine consecutive hours in such a high-intensity battle!

Was this something a human could do?

The three palaces yesterday had already exhausted him greatly. He reckoned that his limit would be four to five. Nine? Hehe!

“Don’t attack first, look at the introduction, there should be more than one type of monster here. If there are tigers, there should be leopards, lions, bears, elephants, and other ferocious beasts. They have different emphasis, so it’s easy for us to make a mistake in evaluating them, causing us to make a mistake in the battle, causing us to fail.”

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and looked at the peony. "Peony, let's see if there are any chameleons around!"

"Alright!"

Peony obeyed and used her "Eagle Eye" to light up the surroundings!