Chapter 398: Gatekeeper (2)

Qin Luo Sheng closed his eyes and recalled and sorted through the memories of his previous self.

The next moment.

When he opened his eyes, the killing intent and viciousness in them couldn’t be stopped.

He, who had inherited his former self's memories and willpower, knew very well how much his former self owed his family. He also understood why his former self's mother would arrange blind dates at such a young age when he was eighteen.

He understood.

It was precisely because he understood that he did not dare to refute.

"Although this blind date can only go through the process, it's ultimately not a long-term plan. If Great Mother were to arrange it from time to time, it would truly be a little difficult."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself speechlessly, "Only by severing Mother's thoughts is the best solution. However, it's probably harder than ascending to heaven for a mother to sever her son's thoughts of marriage and having a grandson."

"Since that's the case, we can only delay it. Let's find a fake wife and stabilize the situation first. I did have such thoughts before, but actors are ultimately unreliable! Even if there's no problem with acting and we can deceive her, what should we do after this?"

Qin Luo changed into plain sportswear, put on his running shoes and went out for his morning exercise.

As he ran, he thought:

"I can act for a while, but I can't act for a lifetime. What if my mother gets excited and calls me to ask and plays a video? Where am I going to find someone? So, I can either spend a lot of money, pay my salary every month, and let the actors continue acting, or find a girl beside me."

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng's eyes suddenly lit up.

Su Youran.

That's right, it was her.

Apart from her, there seemed to be no other suitable candidate!

Besides.

Even the picky Great Mother would raise her hands in agreement when Beauty Su stepped out, right?

Except.

How could he get Beauty Su to agree willingly?

"Right, Nan Nan!"

Qin Qin suddenly snapped his fingers. "Beauty Su looks like she's only 21 or 22 years old, and she's even a cute and soft girl herself. However, I never would've thought that apart from being soft-hearted, she has even less maternal instincts."

He could still remember the exaggerated reaction of Beauty Su when she brought Nannan to his house for a banquet to thank him for saving her life.

This…

It had been a few days. Every day, he would always ask (harassing) the marquis (harassing) punctually, not to greet him, the handsome man, but to keep his eyes on her.

Obviously.

Beauty Su had fallen for Nannan’s charm. No matter if she was cute or fairy-like, she did not seem like a human cutie.

"If I use Nan Nan's picture of her in her bunny pajamas to seduce Beauty Su, it should work, right?"

Qin Luo stroked his chin as he considered the success rate of this remuneration. "If it doesn't work out, why don't we add a photo of a bear pajamas?"

Hmm!

So be it!

Regardless of whether he succeeded or not, he would give it a try.

…

Nine o'clock.

Qin Luo came online on time.

"Next up might be the Undead Lich. You have to be careful. That guy should be at least an Ancient BOSS with strange and unpredictable abilities. I can't guarantee that I can win in a battle, let alone protect you!"

His teammates had gathered together. Qin Sheng did not lead his team out immediately. Instead, he issued the final "pre-battle declaration", stating the pros and cons.

"Don't worry, we know!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head as she replied: "We already knew that!"

"Alright, then be careful!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded as well. He did not say anything that would make them return to the city and not participate anymore.

This was pure humiliation.

Even if that was the truth, only heaven and earth knew about it. Even if everyone knew about it, they could not say it out loud.

The boss behind the scenes, the Undead Lich, even Qin Sheng himself was not confident, let alone protecting a group of girls during battle.

After all.

That fellow was a ruthless character who was prepared to overturn an entire country by himself. He was a terrifying big shot who dared to attack the god temples and even wiped out so many demon beasts, turning them into puppets to act as his guard dogs.

Ruthless and merciless…

None of these words could describe his ruthlessness and sins.

It was truly hard to predict how powerful the Black Hand, who had such a large number of victories, would be.

Moreover, what troubled Qin Sheng the most was still that strange and unfathomable ability. For example, the Puppet Control Technique, the Spiritual Intrusion Technique, and so on. If he was not careful, he would suffer a huge loss. If he was careless, he might suffer a huge setback. If there was even a slight difference, the outcome of the battle would be decided in an instant, and his life and death would be determined.

An Ancient BOSS was so arrogant!

Even though Qin Luo was invincible and looked down on the BOSS, he was still the same.

In fact.

From the moment he entered Fate Dimension, Qin Sheng had only faced an Epic Boss three times.

The first time was in the Beginner's Village's Dark Forest—the mine's Evil Demon, Elder Feng. Until now, he still did not know why he had won and why he had completed the hidden mission. Furthermore, in this battle, he had lost his BUG equipment permanently—[Demon's Blood Sacrifice]!

The second time was the trial grounds under the Abyss Mode. The final level—the Corpse Subduing Ground, the Nine Neonate's evil soul. By awakening Hou Yi's consciousness, it killed one of the arrows and obtained the Nine Neonate's demon core. Finally, it became the energy source of the Dreadfiend Wheel.

The third time, Luo Clan Village, the hidden map behind the mass grave, went berserk and broke free from the siege of the two High Priests and the Divine Temple’s High Priest of the City Lord’s Mansion. They attacked Luo Li, but were stopped by Luo Qin with his life.

As for the later Dragon God Temple, after participating in the Dragon God Trial, the summoned flood dragons and true dragons, one had gone berserk and reached half-step Legendary, while the other was a true Legendary. As it was a thought that descended, it was not a complete body, so it was not mentioned for the time being.

Facing an Ancient BOSS three times, results:

One time, he was completely defeated. One time, he was watching a show on the sidelines. The next time, he died!

I'm going to write the word 'miserable' on my face!

From this, it could be seen that

An Ancient BOSS and a Gold BOSS were two completely different concepts. They were really strong.

Especially when he had to face the extremely strange Lich.

This made him even more uncertain.

What was even more difficult was that there were more than ten girls following him. Not only would they not be of any help, they might even become a burden.

It was not that Qin Luo looked down on the Rose Society's elites. It was just that the difference between a hacker and a normal player was too great, like the difference between the clouds and mud.

Everyone was still below level 30. They were not even Second Stage Professionals. An Ancient BOSS was too far away. It was not something that players at their current stage could deal with.

Even the Rose Society, which was hailed as the sixth among the top ten guilds in China and was the strongest first-tier elite Wasteland Reclaimers, couldn't do it!

Before that.

Even though the girls from the Rose Society could still participate in the battle, that was based on the fact that the Dragon’s Might firmly held onto the hatred. They could rub some damage on the edge, and that was all.

In a real battle, even if it was a dozen of them ganging up on a monster, the highest they could defeat was a normal Silver Boss. They could not even defeat an Enhanced Silver Boss, let alone a Gold Boss, an Enhanced Gold Boss, or even an Epic Boss!

"Look!"

Qin Sheng was lost in his thoughts when he was suddenly awakened by a loud shout by his ear. He looked up and saw two incomparably tall figures standing opposite the empty square.

It was not a statue because there were five large words above their heads—

Gatekeeper!