Chapter 392: Strange Beasts

"No? That's good. I'm just afraid that a sneak attacker will appear in the dark. Most of the girls are weak and fragile classes, and they're suppressed by levels. If they're not careful, they might be hit by a critical hit and die."

With the cry of an eagle, the surroundings were enveloped by the eagle's eyes and no abnormalities were discovered, causing everyone to heave a sigh of relief. This was especially so for Qin Luo Sheng. After he had nothing to worry about, he could completely go all out and fight without any worries.

"I can't figure out how many monsters there are or how many types of monsters there are. I can't draw monsters like before."

Qin Luo said, "But this is their territory after all, and the field of vision is dark, so it's very easy for us to be ambushed.—How about this, don't leave my range of 20 meters, and don't join the battle for the time being. When I've perfectly pulled the aggro, those who want to attack can attack. Remember, I must pull the aggro. And Shield Warrior, don't use Taunt."

The passive double-edged effect of Dragon's Aura. As long as one was affected by it and weakened by 20% of all attributes, the Hatred Points would be firmly locked onto and basically would not be pulled away by others.

Only in this way did Qin Sheng dare to join the battle without fear of his "backyard" being "stolen".

"Since that's the case, let's begin!"

Seeing the girls nod their heads solemnly, Qin Sheng immediately felt relieved.

After working together for a few days, he had witnessed the professionalism of these girls.

After all, he was a first-tier elite of the Rose Society. His ability and execution were top-notch. As long as his tactics were in place, he did not need to worry too much.

"Dragon Might!"

-1,60000!

"Gaze of Death!"

-1,60000!

He didn't dare to expand the range of the weakening skill too much, so he restrained it after 20 meters.

As the debuff skill spread, damage numbers of various sizes appeared above the heads of the puppet demon beasts hiding in the darkness. In an instant, the aggro was firmly locked onto them and they charged towards Qin Luo Sheng.

Tsk!

What kind of demons were these?

Qin Qin Sheng's face turned green when he saw the group of monsters.

The tigers and demonic beasts from before were fine, but the two-headed lion, ten-meter-tall Violent Bear, the giant wolf that spat out wind blades, the python that was comparable to a Titanic Python, and the giant centipede that had wings…

F*ck!

Are you holding a conference on mutated creatures?

"Be careful, don't leave my range of 20 meters!"

With a furious roar, Qin Luo instantly shut down the two weakening techniques.

Damn it!

Just this group of big shots was enough. They even activated their skills to attract the aggro of other monsters. Wasn't this courting death?

"It seems that this place is not like the previous palace. The monsters are all demon beasts. Even if the attributes on the interface are not much stronger, their abilities are unpredictable. It is not realistic to fight them in groups."

Taking advantage of the fact that the group of monsters had yet to approach Qin Luo, Qin Sheng frantically enhanced his own skills, preparing to fight to the death. "Fortunately, there are less than ten of them. In a twenty-meter radius, just this amount is several times less than the palace in front. That's right, demon beasts are not street vendors, how can they be mass-produced?"

"Slash!"

Qin Sheng didn't dare to be careless against the many puppet beasts of different attributes, races, and combat styles. He even activated his Sacred Flame at the first possible moment. He wanted to end the battle quickly so that he wouldn't be pulled into the vortex and into the rhythm.

The violent golden sword Qi struck the wolf that was moving the fastest from seven meters away. The sword Qi collided with the reinforced wolf skin, creating sparks and producing a dull sound.

-104428!

Only 100,000 damage?

With the four augmentation skills, the damage dealt by this attack was not much different even when facing a Gold Boss!

Unexpectedly.

It was only slightly weaker than an Enhanced Gold Boss when fighting against an Elite monster. As expected of a puppet created by a former Demon Beast, its foundation was really too thick.

"The main reason is that most of these guys aren't dark type creatures. Without Death's Gaze, all their attributes are reduced by 20%. It's really difficult to deal with!"

Qin Luo Sheng dodged the giant wind blade that the giant wolf had sent back and cursed in his heart.

This group of demonic beasts, other than the 10-meter-tall Violent Bear known as the Dark Demonic Bear, which belonged to the darkness attribute, were all different. They were either of the wind attribute, fire attribute, or nothing else. They were purely strength-type existences.

"How troublesome!"

Qin Luo Sheng brandished his sword wildly. At the same time, he relied on his extraordinary speed to fight and retreat while fighting and circling to avoid the attacks of this group of brutes.

He had no choice.

Any one of them would be able to crush him as a human.

Don't think that this was a virtual battle. It was just a data display. The size was not important at all.

In reality.

Body size was also an important factor in determining combat.

For example.

The Dark Demonic Bear was ten meters tall, and its strength was extremely tyrannical. If it were to take a direct punch from it—

If one suffered such a heavy blow in real life, they would either turn into a pile of rotten meat with one punch and die without a complete corpse, or their bones would be completely broken, their organs would be shattered, their blood vessels would burst, and they would die on the spot. However, in the game, there were no such things, only health points dropped.

Still.

The system had a set of combat methods.

Without special attributes such as destruction, destruction, and disability, it was impossible to do anything. Even if it was a fatal injury, the damage would appear in numbers.

But it did not mean that everything was equal!

Indeed, the Dark Demonic Bear's fist could only deal digitized damage. However, if one were to receive it head-on, it would definitely trigger the internal injury effect. It would decrease a certain amount of attributes and weaken one's combat ability. There were also effects such as flying, repelling, knocking down, and so on. There were all kinds of effects such as being knocked out by a single punch and falling into a state of dizziness.

The giant wolf's wind blade!

The double-headed lion’s fireball!

The Dark Demonic Bear’s Vigor Fist!

The poison water of the Blackwater Demon Snake!

Hundred Feet Diamond Centipede's poison and cutting!

The Thunderbolt Bombs of the Thunderbolt Tiger!

…

Only if you can't think of it, without them you can't do it.

This attack was all sorts of strange and dazzling.

From the beginning until the end of the battle, Qin Luo Sheng's expression had remained the same without a single change.

MLGBD!

He could still play like this?

If not for the fact that they had been made into puppets and their strength had greatly decreased, this place would be a paradise for Bosses. Every single Demonic Beast that was pulled out could become a Boss that could hold its own. In terms of ability, they would not lose to the three Bosses in the second stage!

Unfortunately.

It was just that he was slightly weaker on paper. He was destined to only bring trouble, not defeat Qin Sheng.

One minute later!

All the puppets and demonic beasts were dead.

There were many advantages to having a large body, but there were also many disadvantages.

Just like just now, a group of giant creatures had completely become Qin Luo's target, allowing him to attack them even with his eyes closed.

The reason why the battle had ended so quickly was all because of the size of the puppet monster beasts. This allowed the splitting effect of the holy flame to reach its peak. Every time he cut down a monster, the surrounding monster beasts would all be hit by a splash, with 80% of the damage taken. It was extremely powerful.

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 38 Enhanced Three Star Elite Dark Demon Bear. Experience points + 18W! '

A monster that was not even a Boss actually had 1800 experience points?

A blissful smile appeared on Qin Luo's face.

Olly!