Chapter 390: Exposed?

"This is f*cking poisonous! I can't stop forging!"

As he walked out of the rented forging room and looked at the dozens of forging rooms that were mostly closed, Qin Sheng could not help but complain silently.

Still.

How fragrant!

After failing to weave the first piece of armor, he decisively abandoned it and forged the entire process. There were nearly 50 single-handed swords, and the success rate was 100%. Moreover, the lowest level forged was Bronze rank. Although this was all thanks to the light of the [Steel Hammer], the effect was truly explosive.

Apart from the Wolf Fang’s Forged Wolf Fang, there was also the Poison Fang’s Forged Iron Sword. They were all from the same blueprint, but the main ingredients had changed, so the effects were almost identical.

‘ Of course.’

Wolf teeth were sharp and focused on attacking. The special effect was tearing and bleeding.

Corpse Teeth was poisonous and tended to be poisonous. Its special effect was poison.

There was still a certain difference.

torn and poisoned.

These two effects didn't seem to differentiate between the good and bad, but when analyzed from the players' situation, it was different.

Current players basically had 99% poison resistance.

Under such circumstances, the Poison Fang Metal Sword had a slight advantage when it came to poisoning.

These were all trivial matters.

What surprised Qin Luo the most was the explosion of starlight.

Advanced weapon refinement techniques, in addition to the high quality main material among intermediate materials, as well as the special effects of the [Steel Hammers], the refined iron sword forged would be at least bronze grade.

Bronze sublimation, the lowest upgrade was Silver, and there were six pieces that could skip levels.

In other words.

Forty-seven refined iron swords, under the sublimation of the starlight miracle, produced forty-one silver and six gold!

Besides.

These were not ordinary goods. They were trash at the bottom.

Six pieces of gold might be slightly inferior. Although their offensive power was not weak, there were too many limitations. There was only one special effect, and its value was greatly reduced.

However, 41 Silver single-handed swords were extraordinary. Their attacks were the cream of the crop among Silver equipment. The special effects were not bad either. They were all lethal special effects and were most suitable for Berserkers. Once they were released, they would definitely be very popular.

In addition, these equipment all had his "Weeping Souls" signature. To some people, they might have a certain collection value and could even increase the selling price.

All in all,

The forging this time was very successful. Not only did he familiarize himself with the art of weapon refinement, he even absorbed quite a bit of the weapon refinement experience that was passed down in his mind, turning it into his own. Furthermore, he did not make a loss. Instead, he could make a huge profit.

Preliminary estimates.

These forty-seven single-handed swords, excluding other miscellaneous items, could be sold for around 1,500 gold coins!

Silver, the price was about 30 gold coins.

Gold, the price was about 50 gold coins.

1,500 gold coins, if converted to RMB, it would be 150,000 +!

He had earned 150W + RMB. What had Qin Sheng sacrificed?

In three hours, the main ingredient was his. All the other miscellaneous materials added up were less than 100 gold coins!

Fifteen times the profit!

Even if he calculated the price of the main ingredient, it was at least fourteen times the profit!

This was simply terrifying.

"These things can't be exposed yet!"

Returning to the second floor of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Qin Luo Sheng threw his "signed" equipment into the warehouse and activated his authority. He was not allowed to sell it. "Sigh, I've had enough of sneaking around. I really wish I could clear the Moon Temple earlier so that I can be freed earlier. Otherwise, who would be able to bear doing this everyday?"

A lie often needed more lies to cover it up.

In order to hide his real identity, Qin Sheng had really worked hard.

Except.

He was tired of these days and wanted to settle them quickly.

Yet.

What Qin Luo Sheng did not know was that in the depths of Moonlight Forest in the Moonlight City, in a main hall of the Moon God Temple.

A white light flashed.

A glamorous woman slowly opened her eyes.

Looking at the spacious hall, there was no fluctuation in her eyes. Her jade-like fingers gently slid across, and in the next moment, a virtual interface appeared before her eyes.

"Indeed!"

Looking at a certain someone who was' online 'on her friends' interface, her lips curled up slightly as she revealed a dazzling smile. "Weeping Soul, you greedy fellow, you've finally revealed your true colors!"

…

The next day!

Qin Qin rose early in the morning.

With his powerful spirit, he only needed three to four hours of sleep to ensure that he had sufficient energy for the entire day.

She got up at six and went out for a morning run.

She bought breakfast at 7: 30 pm.

They finished eating at eight o'clock and took a short break for an hour to digest the food.

At nine o'clock sharp.

Qin Luo Sheng lay down in the gaming capsule and entered the game.

Today.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to waste a single moment.

After all.

It was past midnight yesterday and he had already spent two hours forging. He really only had ten hours of game time, not even one second more.

If he entered the game early in the morning and was forced to go offline at the crucial moment, it would be a tragedy.

"You're a little late today!"

As soon as he got online, he saw the girls from the Rose Society who were already waiting. In an instant, more than ten beautiful eyes looked over at him. Qin Sheng immediately felt immense pressure.

"What did you do yesterday? Did you not rest well?" Sanguine Primrose asked.

"What's going on?"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at Sanguine Primrose. Looking at her usual indifferent and cold demeanor, he felt that there was something off about her. There was a hidden meaning behind her words.

Had he been discovered?

Qin Luo was shocked.

"No, don't panic."

Qin Sheng forced himself to control the change in his expression and said calmly, "You guys are early!"

"Maybe!"

Damn it!

This was not good!

His powerful sixth sense made Qin Sheng instantly sense that something was wrong. He sensed the abnormality of the Blood Rose.

At this point, he was certain that Sanguine Primrose was suspecting him.

"It's alright, don't scare yourself. Otherwise, if you mess up, you will expose more flaws!"

Qin Luo warned himself and calmed down.

Since it was done so discreetly, it definitely wouldn't flip over.

Only an extremely intelligent woman like Sanguine Primrose would pay attention to something like this. As long as she disguised herself well, she should be fine.

This was the time for him to show off his acting skills. As long as he acted as usual and did not reveal any flaws, what could Sanguine Primrose do to him?

"Let's continue! Let's strive to clear it today."

Turning around so that Sanguine Primrose wouldn't see his expression, Qin Sheng took out the Coiling Dragon Li Water and Hundred Wars Blood Soldier. With a cold tone, he said, "In ten hours, sweep across the Moon Temple and kill the boss behind the scenes, the Undead Lich."