Chapter 399: Barbarian Warrior, Double Boss

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly felt a little cold.

He thought that he would have to face the boss behind the scenes, the Lich.

Unexpectedly.

There were actually two people who were blocking their way.

What is this?

What was it?

Even though the distance was far, it was at least twenty meters.

Two twenty-meter-tall giants?

WDNMD dog system!

Is there such a scam?

What balls were they playing?

Needless to say, even the lowest level was the existence of a Gold Boss. With the absolute suppression of its size…

The first thing that came to Qin Luo's mind was the Mountain Giant that had once punched him into the abyss on the ridge far away!

"This should be the final test on the final path!"

Qin Luo was tongue-tied as he looked at the group of stunned girls. He smiled bitterly. "The following battle might not be earth-shattering, but it will definitely be beyond imagination."

Seeing that all the girls were looking at him, Qin Sheng continued, "Perhaps none of you have experienced it before, but I know that a Boss of this size, even if it doesn't have Destruction Attribute, definitely has a certain destructive ability."

At this point, Qin Sheng took a deep breath and said very seriously, "When the time comes, every punch and kick will have great power and can destroy the scene. All of you must be careful. Don't think that you will be fine just by standing far away. You must be more vigilant. Who knows, a flying rock might take your life!"

All the girls nodded fervently.

"Since that's the case, I'm going to attack. All of you better hide well!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. He was already level 28, but his body size was still a mini version. He was only a few centimeters in length, so he leaned on his shoulder and strode forward.

This was an empty space, and the environment here was clearly different from the palace from before. There were no tiles, tiles, jade platforms, or stone pillars, but rough ground paved with bluestone of various sizes. Other than this, there was nothing else.

Rocks were everywhere, and they weren’t ordinary rocks. They were all brown rocks, similar to volcanoes that were soaked in lava and smoke year round.

The overall terrain of this checkpoint looked like a sealed valley. Other than the two paths, the rest of the area was surrounded.

Now.

The door to enter this place had already disappeared. Even if he wanted to retreat, he couldn't. Other than walking forward, he had no other choice.

The closer he got, the more alarmed Qin Sheng became.

The two giant statues he had seen a moment ago were at least twenty meters tall.

But now that he was in front of them, he realized that there were twenty meters and thirty meters.

Probing skill!

[Barbarian Axe (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 2000000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 15,800

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 4000

Speed: 1,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Warriors of the younger generation of the Barbarians have undergone cruel training since they were young. They were trained in the Hundred Thousand Mountains and were able to capture tigers and leopards alive. They were able to tear apart Barbarian Bears with their bare hands and carry giant elephants. They were very powerful. They were good at using axes and battle-axes. They once split open a huge mountain with a single swing of an axe. Their strength was violent and they moved like the wind. They were the elite warriors of the Barbarians. When they were wandering outside, they were tempted and deceived by the Lich of the Undead. They became his subordinates. After breaking into the Moon Temple, the Lich of the Undead guarded the door.

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

Was this a gold boss?

Its health bar was as high as two million, and its physical attack was close to 16,000. Both parties were not bad. What was more impressive was that such a huge figure could have a speed of 1500?

Such explosive stats caused Qin Luo to feel a little self-conscious.

He turned his head.

Probing skill looked at the other Boss!

[Brutal Slash (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 40

Health: 1,800,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 17500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 4000

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 2000

Skills:???

Introduction: Warriors of the younger generation of the Barbarians have undergone cruel training since they were young. They were trained in the Hundred Thousand Mountains and were able to capture tigers and leopards alive. They were able to tear apart Barbarian Bears with their bare hands and carry giant elephants. They were very powerful. They were good at wielding heavy swords and had once cut apart rivers with a single sword. Their strength was violent and they moved like the wind. They were the elite warriors of the Barbarians. When they were wandering outside, they were tempted and deceived by the Lich of the Undead. They became his subordinates. After breaking into the Moon Temple, the Undead Lich guarded the gate.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Dog System.

Can you be a good person?

I understand that the Lich has such a subordinate.

But do you have to be so shameless as to arrange for two at once?

The attributes, size, and the fact that they were both Barbarian Bosses meant that they were well-coordinated. Their combat power was 1 + 1 > 3!

You can even f * * king play?

"Outsider, retreat!"

Perhaps the detection spell had alerted the Boss. The twin Boss, who was originally standing at the door like a statue of the gate god, moved his body and instantly, dust scattered everywhere. The stones on the surface of his body were also peeled off crazily.

Damn it!

That was very good!

Qin Luo Sheng dodged continuously, avoiding the falling rocks. He was in a sorry state.

It hadn't even started yet. It was just the effect of the Boss' body shaking. If they really fought, what would happen?

"Two powerful warriors of the Barbarians, hello!"

What the Boss said just now was in the language of the barbarians. Outsiders could not understand it at all, but this did not stump Qin Sheng.

Previously, Qin Sheng had learned a lot of languages from the tomb raider's wooden hut, including the language of the barbarians. Moreover, he had been elevated to a proficient level by his superior comprehension ability, so he naturally understood without any pressure.

"Who are you? Why can you speak our language?"

The two Bosses that were about to attack were stunned by Qin Luo's sudden Berserker Words. The axes and battle-axes in his hands relaxed slightly.

"I'm just an ordinary human being. I admire the civilizations of other races, so I learned the languages of various races. Of course, that includes the nobles!"

Qin Qin Sheng said humbly.

Bluff.

It was a bluff.

The reason why the Barbarians were called Barbarians was not only because they had strong bodies and immense strength, but also because their "Barbarians" were like boorish men who only believed in strength and did not care about intelligence.

Therefore, even with its explosive size and unparalleled combat power, it was still a small tribe that lived in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. It was in the company of savage beasts and fought against nature.

“You’re not bad, boy. You have an appreciative eye. You’re not like the other fools who think we barbarians have no intelligence other than our muscles.”

Brutal Ax praised Qin Luo, very satisfied with his flattery.

"No, you really are an idiot!"

Qin Luo Sheng ridiculed in his heart, but his expression remained the same. He was neither servile nor overbearing, and his smile was like the spring breeze. "Every race has their own characteristics. My body has been weak since I was young, and I almost lost my life several times. Therefore, I look forward to strong barbarian warriors."

"It's a pity that after traveling for so long, we've always been able to meet each other. I never expected to meet two young and powerful barbarian warriors here. I'm so happy."