Chapter 396: Level, Level 32!

"Thank you!"

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose walked over. Under the indignant gaze of the Blood Rose, her expression did not change as she retrieved her staff from her bosom. She then looked towards Qin Sheng, her ice-cold face slightly frozen as her tone softened, "I will give it to you at the highest price!"

As they chatted, they settled on a big deal.

"Little Qiangwei, that's me…"

Blood Rose, who had her beloved staff taken away, wanted to protest but when she saw Sanguine Primrose looking at her silently, her hair stood on end. Her bold and confident words became almost inaudible and gradually disappeared.

Tsk tsk!

Qin Sheng clicked his tongue in wonder.

Indeed.

Lolita was the antithesis of the older sister, a natural antithesis of arrogance, an iceberg of everything!

How awesome!

“You’re a fire mage, I’m a water mage, and there are a few sisters from different elements in the team. This magic staff has yet to be appraised, and I don’t know who it suits. After the appraisal, whoever suits it will take it away.”

As the guild leader, Sanguine Primrose naturally wouldn't use her power to suppress others. This was especially true for the fact that there were a bunch of little princesses and powerful people here. The power behind them wasn't bad, and their abilities were strong as well. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to enter a top tier elite group. She couldn't afford to offend them.

Anyone would want a good item, but the guild leader would not be short-sighted. It would be stupid of him to make his subordinates rebel over a piece of equipment!

Whoever was suitable to use it.

This was very scientific and fair. No one would object!

The blood-soaked rose instantly stopped.

The eyes of the other mage girls lit up. They never expected that they would have a chance of obtaining this Epic staff.

The president is awesome ~

"Deal."

Qin Luo Sheng did not care. No matter who used it, he would pay whatever he deserved. He shrugged his shoulders and walked forward to lure a boss over. "You guys can discuss it yourselves!"

One minute later!

Another BOSS died tragically under Qin Sheng's sword. However, he was not so lucky this time. Not to mention Epic, even his Gold equipment only dropped one item.

Ding… congratulations on collecting…

After collecting the Boss and extracting all the value from the bones and marrow, Qin Sheng got up. He was somewhat puzzled when he saw that the entire battlefield was still shimmering with starlight and no one was cleaning it up.

Didn't these girls usually love to clean up the battlefield?

Why didn't he move?

"The appraisal is complete. Everyone, look!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to ask, the faint voice of Sanguine Primrose rang out in his ears. At the same time, a picture scroll appeared in the chat.

Qin Luo Sheng took a closer look. Wasn't this the Epic-ranked staff from earlier?

What was going on?

Identify it?

But how?

"Could it be that one of them is an appraiser? Or is there something I don't know?"

Qin Sheng's mind was filled with question marks.

Except.

Seeing the group of girls happily admiring the staff, he was too embarrassed to disturb them. He could only ask them later.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng also opened the chat channel and glanced at the shared stats.

Eh…

Is it that trashy?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes.

Was this really an Epic weapon?

It would be an exaggeration to say that it was just average. It was completely the trashiest kind. It could be considered the shame of an epic!

Still.

Although this staff was very weak, it still had the title of "Epic". It was quite interesting.

Comparatively,

Due to its level, it was definitely much higher than the basic attributes of the Hundred Wars Blood Soldier. There was no doubt about that, but in other aspects…

Forget it!

Looks like…

Even if they were lucky enough to drop an Epic equipment from a Gold Boss, they were still the weakest.

Unfortunately.

This thing did not land in his hands. Otherwise, once the Starlight Miracle was upgraded, not only would its grade be upgraded to Legendary, its attributes would also be greatly enhanced. It would not be as eye-catching as it was now.

There was no dispute about who the water attribute magic staff belonged to.

Other than Sanguine Primrose, who else was worthy?

Soon!

The few mage girls who had lost their Epic staffs adjusted their mentality. As for the spectators from other jobs, they had long shifted their attention away.

After all.

After all, he had gone through Qin Luo's [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon], which was shared by Qin Sheng previously. It was just a low-end Epic staff after all. It was not that shocking.

"How did you appraise it?"

A group of girls went to clean up the battlefield. Qin Luo took this opportunity to walk over and seek advice from Sanguine Primrose.

"?"

Sanguine Primrose looked at Qin Luo with a face full of question marks. Seeing the serious expression on his face, it seemed as though he wasn't trying to make her happy. The corner of her mouth twitched slightly as she explained, "Put your equipment on the Virtual Exchange Platform and specify the buyer's ID. After your friend buys it, take it for appraisal and then put it on the Virtual Exchange Platform and buy it back."

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

You all really know how to play!

Wasn't this the way to replenish supplies?

It actually had such a miraculous effect?

Teach! Teach!

"You guys count first, I'm going to lure the monsters!"

Qin Luo, who felt a little embarrassed, slipped away in an instant. He did not care if Sanguine Primrose would secretly mock his intelligence, he had already started to mock himself.

…

Five hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng slashed down with his sword and finished off the last Boss!

At this point.

After spending a total of four days in the game and a total of 38 hours, he cleared nine palaces.

"Hu…"

After gathering all the materials, Qin Sheng exhaled slowly.

I’m exhausted.

But at least, he was finally free.

He checked his level. Level 32!

Checking the pet level, Xiaoxiao was currently Level 28!

Explode!

Each of the nine palaces had an average of over a hundred monsters.

On both sides, the six palaces on the flanks were all Level 38 Enhanced Three Star Elite monsters.

The three monsters in the middle were all level 39 monsters.

The first half of the palaces on both sides were normal Silver Bosses, while the latter half were enhanced Silver Bosses.

The first half of the central palace that he was currently in was an Enhanced Silver Boss, the middle part was an ordinary Gold Boss, and the last half was an Enhanced Gold Boss.

Bam!

The Elite monsters at the front were not counted, but the three palaces at the back had nearly 300 Bosses. This experience was really high.

From level 29 to level 30, a total of 3,000,000 experience points were needed. Qin Sheng had been in despair at first, but after the Moon Temple was settled, he was prepared to find a good place to level up his liver.

Unexpectedly.

This "unattainable" goal was actually achieved in the Moon Temple. Furthermore, it was not achieved by killing the final Boss and obtaining an unimaginably large amount of EXP. It was only achieved when they were clearing the small fries along the way.

It was too surreal!