Chapter 393: The Surprise Brought By The Demon Beasts

"Archers, use Eagle Eye!"

Qin Luo Sheng instructed in the chat tiredly. Even though these mindless puppets would not be attracted by the battle and join the battle, they would only move once the players entered the aggro range set by the system.

But.

The Moon God Temple was really too strange. No one knew what would happen or what would happen. It was better to be careful.

In particular, this was the territory of the puppet beasts. The tigers, leopards, lions, bears, and other ferocious beasts had all appeared here, and only the heavens knew if there would be strange creatures that used sneak attacks as the main method.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three arrows with energy tails cut through the air, illuminating the surroundings.

Nothing unusual?

Very good!

"Clean up the mess!"

Qin Luo said indifferently before squatting down and swinging his collection technique wildly at a pile of gigantic corpses.

Ding… congratulations on gathering wind type monster core * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting fire type monster core * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Dark Monster Core * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting water type monster core * 1.

Ding… congratulations on collecting thunder type monster core * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Gale Wolf Skin * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting Demon Tiger Meat * 50! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Demonic Bears * 1! '

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng's facial paralysis instantly collapsed at the frantic prompting. His lips curled up uncontrollably and he almost burst out laughing.

Materials, materials, large quantities of materials!

Besides.

They were all high-grade materials, not even a single mid-grade material.

Too high.

This level was really too high.

As expected of a demonic beast, its body was filled with treasures.

Unfortunately.

After all, it was just a puppet. Its internal organs were basically hollowed out, and its blood was also gone. Most of its fur and other parts were damaged. After all, during the process of making it, some things had to be substituted. Naturally, a lot of it was damaged.

Fortunately, these fellows were huge. Even if their skin was damaged, it could be cut off and made into protective equipment of a human size. It would not be incomplete because it was short or incomplete.

Satisfied! Satisfied!

I, Qin Sheng, am satisfied!

It was just that there were less than ten Demonic Beasts, but the amount of materials gathered was several hundred, and it wasn’t even a large pile of Demonic Beast meat.

Why so many?

The fur could be cut into many pieces, just like the black water demon snake that was shaped like a Titanic Python. Its skin, in the most scientific way, could be made into at least ten sets of armor. The remaining scraps could be made into twenty or thirty hand-guards or boots.

There were also bones, which were divided into many types, big and small, long and short. They could be forged into daggers, scepters, bone swords, and even shields. There were many of them.

There were also special materials such as the Hundred Feet Diamond Centipede. It had hundreds of legs, and even though each of them was only about fifty to sixty centimeters long, the short sword and dagger were extremely compatible.

This was the reason why there were so many of them.

And the high value ones were monster cores, which could also be called inner cores.

Every single one of these things was worth as much as Qin Luo's [Shattered Soul Flame], which he had obtained after killing the ghost skeleton at the end of the mass grave. They were all energy cores that were sufficient to support the core of an equipment.

Coincidentally.

Among Qin Luo Sheng's ten blueprints, one of them was related to the refinement of energy weapons driven by energy cores. It was just that the requirements were rather high. Now that he had just familiarized himself with it and had yet to master the inherited memories and transform them into his own experience, he did not dare to make a move for the time being.

"The drop rate of these puppet demon beasts is so high. They are all Bosses. Basically, each of them dropped one or two pieces of equipment. Furthermore, they dropped the Boss' exclusive Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins!"

The vice president in charge of logistics, Blood Rose, walked up excitedly. She had a mature and charming face, and she smiled happily. "There are a total of 17 pieces of equipment, a pile of miscellaneous items, and a Bronze Skill Book. Let's calculate the value first."

"There's no rush for the dividends!"

Qin Sheng, who had obtained a huge pile of materials, no longer cared about the scraps of gold coins. F*ck, with these demon beasts that produced high-grade materials, how could gold coins be considered barren?

Previously, he was still unhappy that the nine palaces blocked his way and delayed his progress. It would take a long time for him to reach the Undead Lich behind the scenes.

Now.

Qin Luo was no longer in a hurry. He couldn't wait for these nine palaces to have a clone, turn into eighteen, twenty-seven, and thirty-six!

The Moon God Temple was probably the only place where large-scale demonic beasts gathered. If they did not seize the opportunity to plunder resources, wouldn't they become idiots?

It was a high-grade material. It was something that could only be chanced upon by luck. It was mass-produced. Did he have to give so much face?

"As you can see, there are all kinds of strange monsters here. All of them are legendary demon beasts. There are all kinds of them, and there are all kinds of mutated ones. So, allow me to say this, but you must be careful."

Qin Luo Sheng said with a serious expression, "In order to prevent any accidents from happening, we have to be more steady from now on. We'll lure them one by one and kill them one by one. Don't think that just because they're elite monsters and not Bosses that you can look down on them. None of these guys are worse than Bosses. Only by fighting like this will I be able to secure victory and ensure your safety."

"No problem!” Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and agreed," Ever since we entered the Moon God Temple, we have already known our limits. You are the main attacker, and also the main commander. You have the final say.”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What was going on?

This girl had changed?

So cooperative?

Previously, he was either silent or rolled his eyes. Now, not only did he speak, he even…

There was a ghost!

Instantly.

The alarm bells in Qin Luo's heart rang loudly, and his vigilance was instantly filled.

Except.

It was obvious what was going on!

He had no idea what this woman was thinking.

"D * mn, I don't know how many brain cells I'll have to kill to deal with these guys. I'll have to live a few years less."

Qin Luo Sheng thought with some grief and indignation. "In the future, it's better to talk less and do more things. Avoid as much as possible and try not to expose as much information as possible. After this matter, let's go our separate ways and stop coming into contact with each other. The more beautiful a woman is, the more she'll lie. My taboo mother, Sister Susu, is speaking the truth!"

Continue!

The next battle was one after another. It was so easy that Qin Luo Sheng did not even need to use any augmentation techniques. He was completely crushed.

Yet.

The price of doing so was that the palace was cleaned up for nearly two hours.

The number of demonic beasts was much, much fewer than the previous Undead Zombies. After careful calculation, Qin Sheng estimated that it was less than 200.

Besides.

Most importantly, there was no Boss guarding the palace.

Perhaps it was because the demon beasts were all considered BOSSes. This place was comparable to the gathering place of BOSSes, so there was no strong existence that could suppress them.

This made Qin Sheng feel very regretful.

At the very least, it had to be an Enhanced Gold Boss. He didn't really care about dropping equipment, but the millions of experience points were gone just like that.

Depressed!