Chapter 394: The Word Came True, It Was All Boss' Palace

Three days!

Qin Luo Sheng and his group spent a total of three days before finally clearing out all nine palaces.

As expected.

The monsters guarding the nine palaces were all demonic beasts without exception.

The palace on the flank was still alright. It was just an ordinary demon beast.

Yet.

The three palaces in the middle were filled with mutated demon beasts. Their strength had increased exponentially.

To what extent?

The most direct observation was that they had officially stepped into the Boss stage from a group of three-star Elites. Moreover, they were all Silver Bosses. The stronger ones were Silver Bosses.

This greatly delayed Qin Luo's progress.

If not for the fact that the so-called BOSS theme park had become a real BOSS theme park, he would not have spent more than a day in a palace with hundreds of different BOSSES.

"Is everyone here?"

Once again, it was the appointed time of nine in the morning. Qin Sheng came online and was in a good mood when he saw the dozen or so pretty girls waiting for her.

"What's the mission today? Commander!"

Having been together for nearly ten days, they could be considered acquaintances. In particular, it was Qin Sheng who had saved them three times in distress. The legendary addition of the hero saving the damsel in distress and the "Weeping Soul" made the group of proud and arrogant little princesses and strong women feel a little strange. They were becoming more open-minded. This was not only taking the initiative to greet him, but also making jokes.

“Today?”

Qin Luo Sheng did not hate this kind of interaction, especially when a female goddess was smiling or shyly taking the initiative to talk to him. Any man would have some emotional fluctuations, right?

However…

These girls were thorny roses. He didn't dare touch them. At least not for now.

It was fine to be friends in the game, but in reality, his identity must not be discovered.

"Let's spend four to five hours to clean up the last palace!"

Shrugging his shoulders, Qin Sheng summoned the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and the [Coiling Dragon Water]. Instantly, his fighting spirit soared.

"This mission is really a scam. It took too long!"

Qin Qin Sheng said, "Your Rose Society hasn't had a president for so long. Has the vice president come out to host the event yet?"

"Don't worry about that!"

Blood Rose answered the question for Sanguine Primrose, "The Rose Society is not one of those unorganised organizations. The internal structure of the organization has already matured. Even without our guild leader, it can still operate. Even if it doesn't, there is still communication. Little Primrose, just directly control it from afar and give the order."

"Amazing!"

Qin Luo gave a thumbs up and praised, "As expected of a big guild!"

"Of course!"

When the group of girls heard the praise, they all smiled, looking pleased with themselves.

The praise of "Weeping Souls" was a meaningful affirmation to them, especially after spending so many days together and seeing this man's terrifying strength.

The strong did not need the praise of the weak, but the affirmation of the strong!

"Are you confident?"

Sanguine Primrose suddenly asked: "This last central palace isn't the same as it was a few days ago!"

"Could you please remove the word 'is'!"

Qin Luo Sheng revealed a confident smile and a determined look in his eyes. "The Central Palace might start off as the strongest in the two palaces on the left and right, strengthening the Silver Boss. But so what? In my eyes, an existence that's not at the Epic stage is no different from Le Se?"

Wow ~

How domineering!

So handsome!

So cool!

Good Man!

I really want it!

It was just one sentence, but it made all the girls' hearts flutter.

If anyone else said this, they would definitely scoff.

But when Qin Luo said this, no one present doubted or objected, even Sanguine Primrose.

Flag stood out!

Reality soon returned!

That's right.

What a prophecy!

MLGBD!

The last of the last nine seats was the most majestic one in the middle. The f*cking trashiest one was an Enhanced Silver Boss, and it was Level 39!

Qin Luo: "F*ck!"

Strengthening a Silver Boss was indeed a piece of trash to Qin Luo Sheng, an existence that could be easily destroyed. However, for a Boss that surpassed ten levels, the normal form was just asking for trouble. It was a necessary augmentation skill.

As such,

It would take at least five minutes to finish one. (Because the cooldown time for Sirius is five minutes.)

According to past practices, there were at least a hundred monsters in a palace. With 12 Bosses in an hour, it would take at least ten hours.

Tsk!

Even though the experience points and materials were amazing and the rewards were amazing, he couldn't afford to delay any longer.

Damn it!

They were still humans after all. In a peaceful era, in a peaceful country, they were good people of a new era who had not even seen a few fights!

For the past ten days and half a month, he had been in a gloomy and cold place, facing a group of strange and terrifying monsters. It was as if he had transmigrated to the primeval forest of the ancient era. Every day, he experienced the calamity of the Mad Python, the Vajra, and other movie blockbusters. If this went on for a long time, his nerves would really weaken.

Fortunately.

He could only fight for ten hours a day. The remaining fourteen hours would allow him to return to the real world, release the pressure, slow down his mood, and calm his mind.

Otherwise…

Qin Luo Sheng could not guarantee that he would not break down, but at least half of those girls would definitely break down.

Three hours later!

Qin Sheng, who had already dealt with nearly 50 Bosses, finally brought a group of girls to the middle part of the palace with great difficulty.

At this moment!

The Boss that came into view was no longer an Enhanced Silver Boss, but a real Gold Boss!

Qin Sheng:…

Damn you!

Where did the Lich find so many monsters? How did he kill them all and turn them into puppets?

F*ck!

Wasn't this too terrifying?

Really!

RBQ! RBQ!

Although the battles were closely interconnected, one after another, almost never ending, in reality, to Qin Sheng, it was much easier than the previous large-scale chaotic battles where he had single-handedly led all the monsters to fight.

In a one-on-one situation, with the augmentation skills, they could easily win against a normal Gold Boss. In such a battle, they could easily defeat it.

It seemed like a Gold Boss was not much stronger than an Enhanced Silver Boss, especially for Qin Sheng. There was not much difference between killing a Gold Boss and Enhancing a Silver Boss.

In any case, the Boss' grade had indeed increased. This resulted in the second surprise after the increase in EXP—

The grade of the equipment dropped also increased!