Chapter 400: Failed Mouth Escape? The Battle Begins!

A group of girls watching from afar were dumbfounded when they heard Qin Sheng's words.

They did not understand the language of barbarians.

However, he was not blind.

When he saw Qin Luo's friendly yet slightly obsequious smile, seemingly neither servile nor overbearing, but actually showing a bit of groveling, his mentality immediately collapsed.

Wow ~

I didn't expect you to be like this, Weeping Soul Beast!

Is this still you?

Is it the cold, arrogant, and ill-spoken you?

This was an illusion!

He must be dreaming!

How could my idol be such a person?

I don't believe it!

…

Qin Luo Sheng had no idea that after so many days of hard work, being both a father and a mother, the image that he had painstakingly built up and the favorable impression he had built up had already exploded in the hearts of all the girls.

‘ Of course.’

Even if he knew, Qin Sheng would not care.

From the very beginning, he had never been pampered by these women. In the eyes of other men, they were definitely girls who were goddesses. He had never even thought about them.

He was not worthy!

These proud daughters of heaven all had extraordinary backgrounds. How could ordinary men enter their eyes?

Even if there were princesses and guards in the real world and the beauty of a toad eating swan meat, were they qualified to make decisions for their marriage?

Don’t be ridiculous.

Even among the commoners, there would be families of equal social status, not to mention wealthy families and powerful families!

Girl?

Haha!

Did girls have game smells? Gold coins? RMB smells?

These two Bosses were Level 40 Gold Enhanced Bosses. With the enhancement of their body size, their combat power was definitely terrifying.

Although Qin Sheng had a 100% chance of winning if they were to really fight, he had basically used all his trump cards. After all, he did not care about some bullshit chivalry. He would definitely force two of them together. That would be difficult.

Even though he coveted the items dropped by two Level 40 Gold Bosses, it would be best if he could take them down without any bloodshed and win with words.

As for losing face?

What a foolish idea.

Even the military strategies that had been passed down since ancient times had the existence of a "countermeasure". What was there to be ashamed of by using it?

So.

Qin Luo Sheng did not even think about it. He immediately smacked his butt.

After that?

I'll see later.

To be bewitched by the Lich of the Undead, the Barbarians had the reputation of being 'blockhead'. Moreover, these two brothers were obviously the stupid type. There was no reason for them to be able to fool him. Qin Sheng could not, right?

Perhaps he did not have the ability to use his mouth to escape like the Undead Lich, but the Undead Lich was not around. He was the one using his mouth to escape. That was his greatest advantage!

"Big Brother, this human has quite a good eye! Why don't we let him go? Anyway, our Lord means to not let anyone disturb him. He hasn't been disturbed yet, so letting him go isn't going against our Lord's orders!"

Beside him, Man Zhan told his brother honestly. He was very pleased with Qin Sheng's flattery.

The Barbarians had always been looked down upon by thousands of races. They thought that they were all brainless fools who only knew how to fight and kill. Now that they finally had a foreign fan, and this fan was a human who was known for his wisdom, they were naturally overjoyed.

"I heard that the Barbarians live in the 100,000 mountains and have always avoided the world. This is also the reason why I haven't been able to find any valiant Barbarian warriors. I wonder why the two brothers are here?"

Qin Qin Sheng guided him patiently and gradually to the main topic.

"Ah ~ ~ That's right. Our clan lives in the 100,000 mountains. Without the permission of the Patriarch and the Elders, we are not allowed to go out!"

Brutal Axe rubbed his head and gave a silly smile. "We are the strongest warriors of this generation in the tribe. That's why the tribe leader and the elders agreed to let us go out to train!"

‘ I see.’

It seemed that they were not bewitched by the Lich. They were brainwashed during their travels.

“How long have you been out here? Have you never gone back to the tribe?”

Qin Qin asked straightforwardly.

“How long has it been?”

Brutal Axe was stunned. He counted with his fingers and realized that he couldn't count properly. He hurriedly asked his younger brother, "Brother, how long have we been out?"

"This?"

Man Zhan scratched his head and started counting with his fingers as well. He was unable to count them all, and he said with slight dejection, "I… I don't know either!”

“Then why are you here? Didn’t you travel?”

Qin Luo followed up with another question. "I saw that there was so much dust on your bodies and the surface of your bodies had already turned to stone and scabs. It's obvious that you've been standing here for quite some time."

"This…"

Brutal Axe said with uncertainty, "It shouldn't be long, right? Sir said that he needs to recuperate from his injuries. He asked us to guard him here. He'll be done soon."

"Yes, yes!"

Man Zhan replied, "That's what Sir said."

“My lord?”

Qin Luo asked even though he already knew the answer, "Who is this Sir you're talking about?"

"Lord is indeed Lord!"

Brutal Axe didn’t quite understand, but he explained, “You’re doing very well, sir. When we were traveling, we were attacked by a group of bad guys. It was you who passed by and saved us.”

"Yeah, yeah!"

Man Zhan added, "Not only did you save us, but you also gave us good food and a place to live. You even customized weapons and armor for us. My heavy sword was given by you."

Tsk!

Was the Lich doing CX?

Was brainwashing that awesome?

Looking at the actions of these two fools, they were filled with admiration and gratitude from the bottom of their hearts. With their preconceived notions, how were they going to incite the rebellion?

Besides.

The level of my Mouth Escape was low to begin with, and it was entirely because these two barbarians didn’t have high intelligence, so they forced themselves to use Mouth Escape. Now that the level of difficulty was obviously very high, they were truly helpless!

"Are you talking about a Lich?"

Qin Luo asked reluctantly.

He was already prepared to fight at any moment. He also knew that if he spoke so directly, there was a high chance that he would fail.

But what could he do?

He was really at a loss for words!

"Undead Lich? Big Brother, what's that?"

Man Zhan looked at Man Ax in confusion.

Brutal Ax was also dumbfounded. "Brother, I don't know either!"

Qin Sheng:…

So you all are following a big brother and don't even know who he is?

Damn it!

To be so simple-minded to this extent, it’s utterly insufficient to be described as ‘superb’, right?

"To be honest, I'm here to kill the Lich!"

Qin Luo Sheng was no longer in the mood to continue playing with these two guys. He went straight to the point. "If I'm not wrong, behind this door, the Sir you're talking about is the Lich of the Undead, and also the person I'm going to suppress!"

Instantly.

Man Axe and Man Zhan were stunned.

“You mean you’re here to kill my lord?”

The two brothers’ expressions were solemn as they lifted their axes and heavy swords.

In an instant.

The wind swept the clouds, sand and stones flew.

battle.

A touch.