Chapter 401: Fight!

"That's right!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the oppressive aura of the two brothers, Man Axe and Man Zhan. His mouth did not stop as he nodded his head seriously and said, "Undead lich, he's a great enemy of the human race. You guys have followed him for quite some time, and you've seen at least one or two of his actions, right? Has he killed many people?"

"Everything else aside, the place where you are now is the temple of the Moon God that the humans worshiped. Now, the temple has been breached by the Lich of the Undead and everyone has been killed."

"In fact, even the demon beasts that attacked this place with him were killed by him one after another. Their souls were extracted, and their bodies were desecrated. They were made into puppets to help him guard the door, just like—"

"You are the same!"

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash released their auras as their eyes sparkled.

Obviously.

They had also thought of what the Lich had done before, and naturally understood that Qin Sheng's words were not slander.

“Impossible! Sir wouldn’t do that!”

The younger Man Zhan had always respected Undead Liches the most. He immediately shouted, "What evidence do you have?"

"Evidence?"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered and said, "The Lich of the Undead breaking into this temple was not done casually, but for a greater purpose. That is to break into a country. Break into a country, a country. Do you understand?"

"How many Barbarians do you have? 100,000, 1,000,000, or even 10,000,000? Do you know how many people there are in a human nation? 10,000,000, or even 10,000,000! If the plan of the Lich of the Undead succeeds, so many people will die tragically! When the time comes, corpses will be strewn everywhere and blood will flow like a river. Do you understand?"

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were dumbfounded.

However, Qin Luo did not. Taking advantage of the fact that the two brothers were not in the right state of mind and could not analyze the situation at once, he took advantage of the situation and gave chase. "I don't know what the undead lich told you to convince you to help him attack the Moon Temple. You live in the Hundred Thousand Mountains and should hunt for a living. Do you usually exterminate your prey? Probably not!"

"Even hunting prey for the sake of survival will leave a trace, let alone killing them."

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold humph and proceeded to administer the next dose of medicine. "But what about your lord? He slaughtered all the humans in the Moon God Temple for the sake of his own selfish desires and not for the sake of survival! It would be fine if he had to be said to be an enemy. But why did he follow him and help him attack those demonic beasts in the Moon God Temple? There's only one explanation for this. He was heartless to begin with. He had no compassion, no light in his heart. He was even a devil without faith, a villain, an evil creature!"

"Impossible!"

Man Zhan couldn't help but retort, "Sir isn't that kind of person. You need to slander him!"

"Yes!"

Brutal Ax replied in a deep voice, "I don't believe that Sir is the kind of person you speak of either. I've already said it just now. Show us the evidence!"

"Evidence?"

Qin Luo sneered. "Of course I do!"

Then.

Under the shocked gazes of Man Axe and Man Zhan, they took out the most recognizable materials they had obtained from killing those Demonic Beasts and poured them into the elephant tusks, monster cores, snake skin, snake bones, and others.

"You should be familiar with these, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng pointed at the materials all over the ground and said, "The demon beasts that once fought alongside you all, these are all things collected from their bodies.—Please don't let me kill them. You guys should be able to see that there are traces of modification in some things."

Man Axe and Man Zhan were silent.

"If you still don't believe me, you can go and take a look and see if I'm lying or if the lord you're talking about is such a despicable, shameless, cunning, sinful, and bloody devil!"

NICE!

It looked like Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash had loosened up!

In times of chaos, heavy books were used, serious illnesses were used as medicine.

The soft persuasion was not very useful for the barbarians who were not very smart and had already been influenced by their preconceptions. It was better to be straightforward and expose the actions of the Lich of the Undead. It was shocking.

"I still don't believe it!"

Brutal Axe said.

"Yes, Big Brother, I'm the same as you!"

Man Zhan agreed.

Qin Sheng:…

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Are you f*cking stupid?

Was he really so stubborn?

They believe everything I say. I've said so much but you still don't believe me!

"However, your actions sometimes make me uncomfortable!"

Just as Qin Luo was preparing to use Physical Therapy to say (beat) the two blockhead barbarians, there was a sudden turn of events.

“So what are you going to do?”

Qin Luo looked over with slanted eyes. The barbarians were also looking at their big brother, waiting for his response.

"In short, I still believe in you!"

Brutal Ax said, "My lord has nothing to say to us brothers. I don't believe your mouth alone."

Qin Luo Sheng was about to go crazy.

Damn it!

After all this time, this was it?

MLGBD!

You might as well not say it!

"But I also believe you!"

Brutal Axe continued, "Although the tribe leader and the elders are the most cunning humans and are best at lying, I can feel the sincerity in your words. You are not lying."

Qin Sheng, who had almost drawn his sword, froze on the spot.

Brother!

Can you speak directly?

Damn it, I feel terrible that you made me lose my balance!

"We will ask Sir!"

Brutal Ax said seriously, "If what you say is true, we will leave and cut off all ties with you!"

"Big Brother!"

Man Zhan, who admired Undead Liches even more, shouted.

"Brother, don't speak!"

Brutal Axe knew what Brutal Slash meant and cut him off. "You are also a noble warrior of the Barbarians. You once swore under the Warrior's Tower that you would not bully the weak. Do you want to break your oath? Do you want to shame the ancestors of the Barbarians?"

"But, but we…"

Man Zhan was speechless.

"I also know that we cannot listen to one side of the story. Furthermore, Lord has never let us down!"

Brutal Axe turned to look at Qin Sheng and said, "Your evidence isn't enough to prove that my lord is the person you speak of. We can only seek confirmation from my lord. It's just that we promised to guard this place for him and not let outsiders in."

“So?”

Qin Luo could not help but raise his brows. "How do you want to resolve this?"

"Since neither of us can convince the other, let's use the best method to solve the problem!"

Brutal Axe suddenly lifted his axe and slung it over his shoulder. "Let's fight! As long as you can defeat us, we will let you go. How about it?"

"It's back to square one again!"

Qin Luo Sheng's head was aching. "If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have wasted so much time talking nonsense! We could have just started fighting!"

Qin Sheng raised his head and took a deep breath as he looked at the two Goliath giants that were about thirty meters tall—

"Then let's fight!"