Chapter 405: The Legendary Delicacies??

What was so praiseworthy about Destruction?

A simple example.

Comparatively, it was clear.

Consider the leg.

For example, if you were crippled, you might have broken someone's leg, but it was just a broken leg. Fortunately, your leg was stuck on that person's body.

In terms of damage, if that leg was broken, it would be a real broken leg. The leg would be separated from the body and cut off, but the body and the leg would still be there.

If it was destroyed, it would be gone. It was a fact that your leg was broken, and it was also a fact that you were separated from your body. It was also a fact that your leg was gone.

In other words.

Crippling was equivalent to having one's leg broken. Destruction was equivalent to having one's leg broken. Destruction was equivalent to having one's leg broken and one's leg completely destroyed. It was completely gone. You would not even have the chance to reattach or suture it.

Terrifying!

Destruction was truly terrifying!

Change your mind.

What if Qin Sheng activated this skill not on his legs but on his entire person?

Wouldn't that be a complete annihilation?

Such an overbearing skill was simply a BUG.

No wonder the conditions for obtaining it were so harsh. Not only did it have to last for five minutes under the hands of two insane BOSSes, it also had to be sustained by Wushang. Furthermore, it had to gain the favor of the BOSS so that their relationship could be improved to that of life and death.

Besides.

Even though this skill was a BUG, it had a huge limitation.

Firstly, he needed to accumulate power for three seconds.

Would the enemy give you a full three seconds? Would they obediently stand there and be your target? Obviously not!

Secondly, after using it, he would be weakened for an hour.

Weakness was a terrible negative buff that reduced all attributes to 10%!

If the Heaven-Splitting Slash missed and he fell into a weakened state, wouldn't the situation be reversed in an instant, and he would instead become GG Simida?

"This skill, Seal!"

With excellent foresight and excellent strategic concepts, Qin Sheng immediately figured out the pros and cons of the [Heaven Crushing Strike]. Without hesitation, he threw this skill into the cold palace. "Unless you have absolute confidence or need it to risk its life as a last resort, you will never see the light of day."

Dong dong dong…

An earthquake-like sound of footsteps interrupted Qin Luo's shock and contemplation.

Looking up.

As he watched the two brothers walk over, Qin Luo withdrew his thoughts.

"Brother, you're really something. I'm convinced!"

Brutal Axe lifted his large axe and gave Qin Sheng a thumbs up, a look of praise on his face. "Ever since I became a warrior, I've never met anyone like you, brother. I actually used all my strength and didn't even touch you for five whole minutes. Impressive!"

"That's right!"

Man Zhan also sighed and said, "Even our ultimate moves can't hurt you at all. I, Man Zhan, admit defeat."

"Not at all, not at all. I was just lucky and managed to escape. My body was just slightly more agile!"

Qin Luo Sheng said humbly, "I'm looking at you two brothers in a different light because of your abilities. I've never seen such great power and such a terrifying slash. Look at it for yourselves. This battlefield was almost destroyed by you two. As expected of a barbarian warrior, impressive!"

As he spoke.

Qin Qin Sheng also gave them a thumbs up!

This was really not polite!

Even though Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were simple-minded, their strength was indeed formidable.

If they really fought, they might even be able to fight a level 50 Gold-tier BOSS. Even an Ancient BOSS of the same level would have a 50% chance of defeating them.

After some polite flattery, they got to the main topic.

At this moment.

Seeing that the battle had ended, Sanguine Primrose hurriedly led her Primrose Militia over.

Even though the chicks had been scared out of their wits by the terrifying battle just now, and now they were watching the two giants from a close distance, stepping on the pitted battlefield and shivering in fear, they still suppressed their fear and stood behind Qin Sheng, listening to him talk to the two Bosses without saying a word. Not only did they express their determination to stand together, but they were also obedient and sensible enough not to speak carelessly.

Hmm!

How obedient!

Qin Luo was very satisfied.

"Brother, are these girls your wives?"

Brutal Axe asked foolishly, "Wow, that's really impressive! I can't take it when I only have Cui Hua. Brother, you actually dared to provoke more than ten of them and even made them submit obediently. I admire you!"

Man Zhan also said, "That's right, that's right, Big Brother is right. Brother, you're really powerful, not just strong.—That, do you have any tricks? Teach me? I like Er Niu and San Ya, but they won't allow me to have them. Every time I mention them, they beat me up."

Qin Sheng:…

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Rose Society Ladies: (O _ o?)

In an instant.

The gazes of more than ten girls landed on Qin Sheng at the same time.

Qin Luo was instantly in a predicament.

It was as if there was a light on his back. It was truly like there was a light on his back. Moreover, there were more than ten ‘fierce’ ‘rays’that were simultaneously ‘stabbing’towards his weak back!

"Tsk!"

Qin Luo Sheng almost could not hold himself back. He was about to pull out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] to teach these two naive fools before him a lesson.

Don't say it if you don't know how to speak!

F*ck!

What nonsense are you spouting?

Isn't this putting me on the fire to roast?

"They are my companions. They came with me to fight the Lich!"

Qin Luo Sheng quickly and speechlessly explained, "Look, we all belong to the same mercenary group!"

As he spoke.

He puffed up his chest and showed the Rose Flower symbol that represented the Rose Mercenary Squad to Man Axe and Man Zhan.

"Ah!"

Brutal Ax scratched his head and smiled honestly. "I see! I misunderstood!"

"Sigh!"

Man Zhan sighed, his eyes filled with disdain. He said with extreme disappointment, "I thought you were an expert, but it turns out you're inferior to me. There are so many girls here, but you can't even handle one of them. You're worse than me! Hmph ~"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Where is my knife?!

Bring it here!

I'm going to kill him!

"Everyone, take a break!"

Qin Luo Sheng shut himself up and found a broken rock by himself. He sat down and took out a piping hot bun and bit down on it ruthlessly, as though he was treating the bun in his hand as some silly thing.

"Big Brother! Big Brother! Look, isn't that the legendary meat bun?"

Man Zhan gulped down a mouthful of saliva. The loud "Gulp" sound was like a thunderclap, scaring the mushroom lady so much that her face turned pale.

"This appearance, this fragrance…"

Man Ax took a deep breath, his eyes turning red. “Snow white as skin, fragrant meat as stuffing. That’s right, it’s the delicacy of the human race recorded in the clan’s records—meat buns!”

Qin Sheng:…