Chapter 406: Meat Bun Diplomacy (Funny)

What the heck?!

Were these two brothers here to be funny?

Meat bun…

The legendary delicacies?

Are you guys kidding me?

Except.

Looking at their yearning expressions, their eyes were fixed on the bun in their hands that had been bitten. Their noses were intertwined, their tongues were licking their mouths, and their throats were swallowing foam… as if they were not joking.

"Do you guys want to eat?"

Qin Sheng felt uncomfortable all over from being stared at with such a 'burning gaze'. He felt his hair stand on end. Under such circumstances, he could not even eat dragon meat!

"Ah, really?"

Seeing how 'generous' Qin Sheng was, Man Changhe and Man Zhan were both pleasantly surprised. They were clearly craving for it, but they were also a little worried. Such an expensive item, the legendary delicacies must be very precious. Was it alright for them to eat it?

"Why don't we forget about it?"

As the older brother, Brutal Ax naturally had to be more sensible. "Brother, you don't have to care about us. Just eat by yourself!"

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched.

How could a meat bun make it sound so mystical?

Are the two of you idiots?

"Erm, can you mobilize the members of the Rose Society to serve me some meat buns? I'll pay twice the market price!"

Qin Luo Sheng sent a message to Sanguine Primrose, whose head was hurting. He really did not know what to say to these two idiots in front of him.

After being with the Lich for so long, even meat buns can satisfy you?

Tsk!

It seemed like the Specter Lich did not take good care of the benefits!

Still.

In the blink of an eye, this was also an opportunity?

Looking at how greedy the two of them were, perhaps a meat bun would be served and they would rebel against the Lich?

"There's no need. It's just a few meat buns!"

What sort of person was Sanguine Rose? Naturally, she could tell what Qin Sheng was thinking with a single glance. She naturally agreed with him. It was quite worth it to rely on a few meat buns to fight two Gold Boss Enhanced BOSS fighters.

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not stand on ceremony with Sanguine Primrose either.

Just as she had said, a meat bun with copper coins as the unit of value was like a dime to the two big shots who had long prioritized using gold coins. It was just a dollar. There was no need to split it so clearly.

"Come, come, come. It's fate that we met. We can be considered acquaintances through fighting. The two of you just happen to be Barbarian warriors that I yearn for. Since you have come to the territory of the Human Race, I will naturally be the host. It's just a meal, so I'll treat you to another meal!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out the remaining seven meat buns from his backpack. This was the last bit of supplies he had prepared.

"Hahaha, how can I accept this?"

Man Zhan scratched his head, but his hands were not slow. He reached out to Qin Sheng and took the meat bun.

"Big Brother, this is for you!"

Seeing his big brother staring at him, Man Zhan greedily inhaled the fragrance of the meat buns that rushed into his nose. He resisted the urge to swallow all of them in one gulp and reluctantly gave three of them to Man Ax.

"Man Zhan, you brat!"

As his elder brother, he only had three of them. Man Ax was stunned.

Since when did this little brother who had always respected his big brother become so uncute?

"Brother, aren't you eating?"

Without waiting for Man Ax to get angry, Man Zhan directly acted first and reported later. He swallowed the four meat buns in his hand in one bite. As he ate too quickly, it was like Pigsy eating a ginseng fruit. Before he could taste it, it was gone. He immediately looked at his elder brother. To be precise, he looked at the three meat buns in his elder brother's hands.

"If you're not eating, give it to me! I'm hungry!"

Bastard!

Don't even think about it!

Brutal Axe was completely stunned by his little brother's shamelessness. Good job, Man Zhan. I didn't know you were so shameless since you were young.

"That's all!"

Brutal Ax did not dare to hesitate. Under Brutal Slash's green gaze, he threw the three meat buns into his mouth. However, he did not swallow them like Brutal Slash did. Instead, he tasted them carefully.

Even though a meat bun was comparable to Qin Sheng's palm in terms of size, it was really just something that was stuck between his teeth. However, if he bit it carefully, he would still be able to open it and let the hot gravy burst out.

One sentence.

It was impossible to fill one's stomach, but it was still possible to enjoy delicious food.

"Big brother, you…"

Man Zhan was dumbfounded when he saw Man Ax 'disregard his feelings'. When he saw the steaming hot meat bun enter his big brother's mouth, his eyes instantly turned red.

"Mmm, it's really delicious!"

However, not only did Brutal Axe not appease Man Zhan, who had an explosive mentality, but he was also immersed in the delicacies of the meat buns. He shook his head with a satisfied expression. If not for the lack of ink in his stomach, he might even have to show off and recite a poem.

"Damn it!"

Man Zhan instantly gripped the heavy sword in his hand tightly.

It was not to the extent of falling out with his elder brother over a meat bun. However, ever since they were young, the two brothers had fought their way here.

This was how the barbarians thought.

Unconvinced?

Come, let's fight!

Whoever won would be convinced!

"Man Zhan, are you going to attack?"

Man Zhan was furious, and Man Axe was not to be outdone. In an instant, swords were drawn, and a fight was about to break out.

He was originally just resting and waiting for the cooldown time to pass so that he could replenish his stamina and eliminate his hunger so that he could prepare for the final battle. He never expected that eating a normal meat bun would cause such a thing.

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbfounded as well.

Except.

At this critical juncture, how could Qin Sheng watch helplessly as the two fools' "brothers and sisters" fought each other, causing unnecessary complications in the upcoming final battle.

"Don't panic, I have more here. Don't panic!"

A loud roar pulled the two barbarian brothers, who were ready to fight, back.

“More?”

Man Zhan immediately drooled. "Brother, do you still have such legendary delicacies like meat buns?"

"That's right, brother, don't lie to us!"

Brutal Ax shook his head and said in obvious disbelief, "We brothers have been used to fighting since we were young. It's just a simple fight. There's no other meaning. You don't have to worry or use meat buns to trick us."

"I've read the records in the clan's records. Meat buns are top-notch delicacies that our ancestors revered. They are very rare! It's already very impressive for you to have eight on you at such a young age."

"Speaking of which, we still have to thank you. You only ate one, and the rest was given to us. We brothers acknowledge your kindness. From now on, you are our Barbarian brothers!"

The corners of Qin Luo's eyes twitched.

Divine f*cking meat buns were legendary delicacies!

Who in the world is your ancestor? Why doesn't he just ascend to the heavens?

Eating meat buns in the human race was actually written down in the race's records?

And.

Who are you two looking down on?

I am earning a lot of money every day. Just the daily transactions of Hidden Dragon Pavilion alone cost at least 100,000 gold coins. The net profit is at least 70%.

A mere three copper coins for a meat bun, I can buy over 3000 of them with just one gold coin!

Believe it or not, I will buy ten gold coins for each of you later. Each of you will get thirty thousand gold coins. If you have the guts, finish it!

Tsk!