Chapter 408: The Resentful Lich

"Brutal Axe, have you forgotten what I told you?"

However, the Lich did not let Brutal Axe finish. He interrupted him and asked, "Have I ever said that you are simple-minded and gullible, especially humans? They have glib tongues and are experts at lying. Deceivers, why don't you believe me?"

Brutal Axe:…

Man Zhan:…

"Sir, this brother is different. He has no ill intentions!"

Man Zhan, who had always admired Undead Liches, said timidly, "I don't think he's lying. However, I also think that Sir didn't do what he said. We just want to verify it. As long as Sir says no, we will believe him."

Lich:…

"I'm very curious, how did you trick the two brothers?"

The more powerful one was, the more they would revere them.

Naturally, the Undead Lich did not dare to swear that he had lied to Qin Sheng, nor could he possibly tell Man Axe and Man Zhan the answer. In order to prevent them from turning against him, he could only shift his gaze to Qin Sheng in an attempt to change the topic and confuse the two of them so as to let the matter slide.

"Trick? You think too highly of me!"

Qin Luo Sheng was not afraid of the undead lich. However, since they were already here, it was not impossible to talk to him.

So what if the Lich was trying to stall for time?

Qin Luo was no fool. How could he be used by others for nothing?

Since you are trying to get information out of me, am I not trying to get information out of you as well?

In fact!

Qin Sheng was quite interested in the matter of the undead lich.

One man destroying a country.

If he moved like this, he would definitely kill countless people. This way, not only would he arouse public anger, but he would also be wanted and hunted down by the powerhouses of various races, especially the human powerhouses. In fact, on the road of cultivation, this terrifying karma would also bind him and increase the difficulty, even completely destroying him.

However, the Lich still had to do it. Before he had the power to destroy the country, he had to think of a way. In the end, he set his sights on the Moon Temple and wanted the Moonlight God's Stone.

Even though the Moon God had not revealed a miracle for a long time, to a god, the chances of dying were too low. It was either because she was caught up in something or she was in seclusion.

If it was the latter, it would still be fine. The gods were in seclusion, so how could it be possible if it wasn't thousands or tens of thousands of years?

If it was the former, then it would be GG Simida. With the capabilities of a God-grade equipment, solving the problem shouldn't take too long.

then

When the Moon God returned and saw his temple destroyed and his believers slaughtered, how could he not be angry?

When the time came, who could resist the wrath of God?

Relying on his Undead Lich?

Don’t be ridiculous.

A mere scum who had fallen into the evil path would not even be able to escape the pursuit of the human race. He only dared to hide in the shadows and stir up trouble. The Moon God had personally descended upon him with divine punishment. He would definitely die.

"It seems like there's more to this than meets the eye!"

Even Qin Sheng could think of these extremely serious consequences. How could a mastermind like the undead lich not understand?

In that case…

Undead Liches were not afraid of death, but they were determined to destroy that country.

This.

Qin Qin Sheng was truly interested and wanted to investigate.

“Oh, isn’t it?”

The undead lich was delighted to hear Qin Sheng's reply. "These two subordinates of mine are simple-minded and easily trust others. In the past, because I was around, I had always protected them well. Now, without my advice, they were fooled by you. Not only did they give up my orders, they even brought their enemies here personally to question me. Are you still saying that you didn't deceive them?"

"Alright, stop pretending!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not be bothered to waste his breath on him. This guy was a cheater. With his meager skills, if he were to be led into the rhythm, he would really be led in. By then, he would be in the wrong instead of being in the right.

There was no room for Qin Sheng to be afraid!

It didn't matter if he was alone. The key was that there were two idiots beside him, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash!

If the Lich was given a chance and the two fools chose to help him, he would surrender.

"Let's get straight to the point!"

There was only one way to defeat someone who tried to seduce him with words, and that was to KO him and put everything on the table without listening to his nonsense.

"Barbarians are honest by nature. It's normal to be deceived by you!"

Brutal Axe:???

Man Zhan:???

Although you are praising me, why do I feel that something is wrong?

"I don't want to ask anything else. I just want to know why you want to destroy the country."

The Lich was stunned.

"Oh? You know about this?"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged. "It can't be helped. Who told you to have a subordinate who likes to stroll around, dig up people's graves, and do immoral things? Not only did I catch him, he seems to be hiding many of your secrets."

Lich:…

Gravedigger, you fraud!

"Paper cannot cover fire. You should know this better than me!"

Qin Luo Sheng continued, "The Moon God Temple isn't a temple of some random god. The Moon God was a god that had saved humans in the past. Even though the attention on this place has decreased, the view of this place won't be broken, especially since the Moon God Temple still has the Moonlight God Stone!"

The Lich was silent.

"We lost contact with the Moon God Temple, and many spies disappeared without a trace. Even a fool would know that something was wrong. Under such circumstances, how long can you keep it a secret? There might be an army coming in the next second. You're a powerful Lich, but you can't fight against an army, right?"

Another silence.

"You're right!"

The Undead Lich finally spoke, "I've already thought of all these! Not only that, the legacy of the Moon God of Destruction is not only something that humans will not let go of, even the many races that have received the Moon God's grace will definitely see me as a thorn in their side. Perhaps, even the Moon God will personally appear. I don't have long to live."

Indeed.

This guy had a clear mind, but why?

"Then why?"

Qin Qin Sheng squinted his eyes and asked, "Since you already know the outcome, why do you still want to do this? -- Also, if you want to destroy a country, why do you want to destroy a country? You must know that a country, even a small country, has a population of millions. Wouldn't destroying a country give birth to spirits?"

"Charcoal spirit? Hahahaha—"

The Undead Lich suddenly laughed maniacally. His laughter, which was mixed with energy, shook the surroundings. Even the hall started to tremble. It was terrifying!

"Do they deserve to live?"

The Specter Lich spat out venomous words.

In an instant.

Qin Luo Sheng felt his entire body turn cold. It was as if countless vengeful eyes were staring at him, as if he had fallen into an icehouse.

What kind of powerful resentment was this?

Instantly.

Qin Qin Sheng somewhat understood the undead lich.

Only God knew what the Lich had encountered and how much damage he had suffered from the nation of destruction.

"This is a very long story. Do you want to hear it?"

As the laughter died down, the Undead Lich regained its composure and lowered its head slightly. Although its face could not be seen clearly due to the moonlight, Qin Sheng could see the calmness in its eyes. No, it should be said that its gaze was numb and empty.

It made people—

A chill ran down his spine!