Chapter 402: Trigger Mission

"No, no, no, you've misunderstood!"

Brutal Axe shook his head as he looked at Qin Sheng, who was wielding two swords and brimming with battle intent. "We stopped you because of His Excellency's orders. We abided by our duty and kept our promises. But the situation is different now. We won't fight you to the death. So, we won't use our full strength in the upcoming battle. You don't need to defeat us to pass."

"Oh, what are your conditions? Tell me!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Brutal Axe with interest. This seemingly foolish big fellow was actually a barbarian with a lot of details and intelligence.

The reason why he behaved so foolishly was because he was fooled by the Lich.

Now, after some advice, he realized that even if he did not believe everything he said, he would not trust the Lich blindly.

This.

Very good!

"Five minutes!"

Brutal Ax said in a low, muffled voice, "As long as you persevere for five minutes in the battle with us brothers, we will be convinced. We will go in with you and ask the Lord! What do you think?"

Five minutes?

This was really quite difficult!

Ever since he entered Fate Dimension, whether it was solo farming monsters or solo fighting bosses, he had never fought a protracted battle.

After all.

After awakening the Super-god talent of the Lord of the Stars, what followed was the acquisition of the four highest-level skills. Thirty seconds of super-strong enhancement, almost 99% of battles could be completely resolved within this short half minute of enhancement.

Even though he was facing two Level 40 Gold-tier Bosses, Qin Sheng believed that not only would he have the upper hand, he would also be able to kill them within a minute.

Except.

Now that the other party had raised the conditions, it was a little difficult.

Five minutes was neither long nor short. As long as he did not fight with the two boorish men, there was still a high chance of him defending with all his strength or dodging with all his might. After all, his speed was the greatest weapon that he could use to bully the Boss!

Since that was the case…

Forget it!

So be it!

Just in time.

Qin Luo Sheng did not really want to fight either.

Even though these two simple-minded fellows didn’t have a high IQ, their strength was truly formidable. It wasn’t impossible to defeat them, but the amount of energy and physical strength they wasted would definitely not be small.

His energy and stamina were still alright, but the augmentation skill was something else!

In the end, it was still one against two. It should not be enough for him to use the usual four augmentation skills. He would definitely have to use restrictive skills to guarantee 100% victory!

In that case, his combat power would be greatly reduced. When he fought the Lich of the Undead, his combat power would be reduced and he would be at a disadvantage.

He had traveled thousands of miles to get here. He had fought his way through all the obstacles until he reached the last stage.

If it was because of the obstruction from Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash that caused him to fail due to his lack of strength, he would simply want to crash into a wall!

If he could avoid fighting and preserve his strength, then he would do his best to avoid it and preserve his strength as much as possible!

This was the best plan!

"I agree to your conditions!"

Raising his head, Qin Sheng spoke to the two brothers, Man Chang and Man Zhan, agreeing to their five-minute challenge.

"Alright, you have to be careful from now on!"

Brutal Axe's muscles tensed as he held his terrifying axe. "Even if it's just a spar, we won't go easy on you!"

"Yes!"

Man Zhan also raised his heavy sword and replied, "To express my respect for you, I will definitely do my best!"

Qin Sheng:…

No!

No need!

You don't have to do this!

There's no need to respect me!

A little water would do!

Ding… congratulations on obtaining triggering mission—Challenge the Twin Boss: Brutal Axe, Brutal Slash, endure for five minutes in their hands. Do you accept? '

Damn!

There was actually a triggering mission?

Qin Luo was somewhat surprised.

How long had it been since he received a mission?

He did not expect that there would be a trigger mission waiting for him in this godforsaken place.

Looks like…

The verbal sparring earlier was not meaningless!

"Accept!"

Initially, he had already reached an agreement with Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash. Even if the system did not come out, Qin Sheng would still accept the five-minute challenge given by the triggering mission. Now that there was a mission, it was equivalent to giving it away for free. Only an idiot would give up.

"Ding, you have accepted the triggering mission—Challenge the Twin BOSS: Brutal Axe, Brutal Slash. Please check the mission panel!"

The system notification sound rang out once more. Qin Sheng obeyed readily. Just as he was about to check what kind of reward this mission would bring, the two brothers, Man Axe and Man Zhan, did not seem to give him the chance. After confirming that Qin Sheng had accepted the mission, he successfully established the contract and attacked instantly.

"Tsk!"

The incomparably violent slash came crashing down. Qin Sheng retrieved the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier without any hesitation. He fiercely raised his middle finger at Man Ax and Man Zhan.

"Since I've decided to persist for five seconds, I might as well go all out!"

Originally, his speed had already reached 2144 points, surpassing the speed of Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash. However, these two fellows' bodies were too suppressed. Every step they took was equivalent to five steps, six steps, nine steps, and ten steps. What was the point of playing with a hammer?

It would be wishful thinking to use his normal form to evade the pursuit.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

Instant augmentation not only increased movement speed by 50%, but also increased physical coordination and reduced the impact of inertia!

This was a speed increase skill that was most suitable for the current situation!

The coordination of the body could greatly reduce the cushion, which was inertia!

The impact of reducing inertia was that he could stop the brakes in time. This meant that he was not afraid that the two brothers would surround him one after another. If he was too fast, he would not be able to stop and would foolishly walk into the trap.

"Don't run!"

Qin Luo had an advantage in speed to begin with, and now that he had enhanced his speed, how could the two idiots catch up?

They were played around on the spot, and their heads were spinning. The heavy axe strikes and sword slashes all missed without exception. The two proud warriors of the Barbarian Tribe cried out loudly.

"If you are still a warrior, then pick up your sword and fight with us!"

Brutal Slash was even more immature and inexperienced than Brutal Axe. It was the same regardless of whether it was in the way of life or the state of mind. When he saw Qin Sheng tarnishing the warrior's honor, avoiding the battle and avoiding it with all his heart, he exploded on the spot, his roar shaking the heavens and earth.

"Hey, hey!"

Qin Sheng did not dare to provoke the two guys too much. He wanted them to compromise and bring him to the Undead Lich. However, he suppressed the words that he had thought of and changed them. "We agreed earlier that I would last five minutes under the hands of the two brothers. However, you did not specify that I would fight you head-on for five minutes."

Brutal Axe:…

Man Zhan:…