Chapter 407: Finally Meet The Boss Undead Lich

A meal!

Qin Luo finally understood what a big stomach was and what a bottomless pit was.

Tsk!

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were really slapping his face!

He had really eaten tens of thousands of meat buns alone. Although he did not say those words in a fit of anger, he had eaten more than 30,000 meat buns worth 10 gold coins. He had indeed eaten five-digit meat buns.

Awesome ~ ~

After eating and drinking his fill, half an hour passed.

"Satisfied, satisfied!"

Man Zhan lay on the ground, his stomach bulging like a pregnant woman. "I really can't eat anymore!"

"Right, me too!"

Brutal Axe was beside him, also rubbing his stomach and grunting.

"How can this do? This is my first meal to entertain the two warriors, how can I not let them enjoy themselves?"

Qin Luo's chance for revenge had come. He pushed out another 5,000 meat buns with a smile on his face and enthusiastically called out, "Come, warriors, don't stand on ceremony. The white meat buns are still warm."

"No, no!"

Brutal Axe could not help but retch, almost spitting out the full stomach of buns that had reached his throat. He watched as Qin Luo Sheng walked over, using his hands and feet to roll and crawl, as though he was avoiding a demon. He waved his hands wildly. "I really can't eat anymore. Brother, take it away. Take it away. Give it to my brother!"

Man Zhan:???

Damn it!

Who sells their teammates like that?

"I can't eat anymore too. Brother, please let me go!"

Seeing Qin Luo's gaze sweeping over, Man Zhan's tough face actually revealed an expression of begging for mercy.

Oh.

How rare!

Would Barbarian warriors actually beg for mercy?

"You really don't want it anymore?"

Qin Luo asked regretfully.

Brutal Axe: No more! No more!

Brutal Slash: Crazy shake of the head!

"Alright then!"

Qin Luo Sheng was amused. After taking revenge for the arrow just now, he no longer teased the two fools. He reached out and put away the five thousand meat buns with a bitter smile.

Five thousand meat buns!

Damn it, too many!

How long would he have to eat for?

Furthermore, it took up a lot of space. A hundred people in a group took up 50 backpacks.

"Brother, let us rest. We really can't walk anymore!"

Seeing Qin Luo and the girls stand up and get ready, Man Chang and Man Zhan exchanged glances. Their tanned faces could not help but turn red as they said embarrassedly.

Qin Sheng:…

Thus…

After resting for another half an hour, with the Barbarians' strong digestive ability, they were finally able to get up!

"Let's go, brother. We'll bring you to meet the Lord!"

Brutal Axe walked in front and called out to Qin Sheng, "However, you must have misunderstood Sir. Perhaps Sir has done something wrong, but it's definitely not what you said!"

"Yes! Yes!"

As the little fan of the Undead Lich, Man Zhan immediately nodded his head in agreement. "Brother, after you've interacted with Lord, you'll know that he's a good person!"

The Lich was a good person?

Are you f * * king kidding me?

Forget it!

It was hard to explain to the two of you. The Liches had been brainwashed.

If it wasn't for his honest nature and simple nature, coupled with his charm to pave the way, and the current harmony? His brain would have long been fried!

Buzz…

Seeing that Qin Luo did not answer, Man Axe and Man Zhan, who had extreme trust in the Lich, did not mind either. The two of them worked together and personally pushed open the door that should have been guarded by them.

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash went first!

Qin Luo entered from behind!

Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were last!

He stepped through the door.

The difference in lighting made Qin Luo squint his eyes involuntarily. A second later, he got used to it.

He looked up.

This was the real shrine, the shrine that consecrated the Moon God. It was not the main hall that had just entered the Moon God Temple. It was the open hall that only accepted worship from the believers.

The Moon God Statue here was a statue that possessed true energy, and it was the core of the entire Moon God Temple. It could baptize believers and allow them to possess the power of the Moon God.

The sacrifices like the Head Ancestor should have been raised here.

Unfortunately.

The temple of hope had become the lair of the sinister devils.

The imposing and upright Moon God Statue was also covered in dust. Furthermore, due to the lack of maintenance over the years, it had become tattered and lacking in spirituality.

However, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. In the end, it was the Moon God, a god that had once saved humans from fire and water, a great existence that had helped humans eliminate night and demons.

Even though the godhood of the Moon God was not obvious, the precious treasure left in the human world and the inheritance of the Moon God that was consecrated by the Moon God Temple was also the most important reason that attracted the undead lich to attack the Moon God Temple—

Moonlight Divine Stone!

At this moment, it was right in the center of the forehead of the god statue of the Moon God Temple. It was shining brightly and connected to the stars in the sky. The moonlight transformed into pure energy of the moon and poured down, illuminating the entire temple in a bright and beautiful light.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo Sheng exhaled heavily.

It was really exquisite!

It was filled with tranquility and harmony, filled with nature and harmony. Coupled with the silver radiance that covered the ground and the moonlight that was full of dew, it made everything seem like a silver world, bright and far away. Regardless of whether it was the feeling or sight, the impact was quite great.

"How beautiful!"

Humans had always been visual animals. In this aspect, men and women were the same. However, women were more sensitive and had no resistance to beauty.

This…

He was captured by this beautiful scene on the spot!

"Be careful, this is the lair of the Liches!"

Even though Qin Luo Sheng had activated the camera system early on, he still forced himself to shift his energy out. He began to survey his surroundings, searching for traces of the undead lich.

Although he didn't see him, from his previous contact with his subordinates, the Undead Lich lived up to his reputation. If he wasn't careful, he would GG the moment they met. If that really happened, he wouldn't be able to cry.

"It seems that my worries are correct!"

Just as Qin Luo was searching for the figure of the undead lich, suddenly, a slightly hoarse and calm voice rang out, "Brutal Axe, Brutal Slash, sigh, I really didn't expect you guys to really bring people in!"

"Sir!"

Hearing this voice, Man Axe and Man Zhan were overjoyed. They lowered their heads slightly to show their respect.

Undead Lich?

Qin Luo's heart skipped a beat as he hurriedly looked over.

He saw…

On the top of the Moon God Statue's head, a figure was sitting on the spot where the moonlight God Stone was shining brightly due to absorbing the moonlight.

"Sir, we…"

Brutal Ax recalled Qin Luo Sheng's crime of being an undead lich. The barbarians were not good with words and would not beat around the bush, so he wanted to ask directly.

For a moment.

It wasn't just Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash. Qin Luo and the girls from Rose Society also turned to look at the Undead Lich whose face was still obscured by the moonlight.