Chapter 409: The Darkness Of The Tarling Country, The Reason For The Annihilation Of The Country (1)

Fortunately.

The Lich retracted his gaze.

Before Qin Luo could heave a sigh of relief, he heard panting beside him.

He turned around.

All of the female members of the Primrose Militia were trembling in fear, including Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay too much attention to them because the Lich had spoken.

"Since you're interested, I'm all ears!"

Was the main show finally starting?

Qin Luo was rather excited!

He had spouted so much nonsense and even allowed the other party to continue recuperating under the moonlight. Why did he have to help the enemy? Wasn't it all for this moment?

"The place where I was born is called Sarah Island, an island under the jurisdiction of the Tarling Country!"

The Lich was neither anxious nor slow, and his tone was calm, without any emotion. "Sarah Island is not big, and there are only 200 families living on it. Everyone works at sunrise and rests at sunset. Even though the days are poor and it's dangerous to go out to sea to catch fish, encounter tsunamis or water monsters, and may not return at any time, everyone is still living tenaciously and optimistically."

"However, everything was destroyed when the new emperor ascended the throne!"

“The new emperor was suppressed by the old emperor for thirty years. He was the crown prince for thirty years before the old emperor finally passed away. When he finally sat on the throne, he realized that the ministers below didn’t care much about him. In a fit of anger, he started a massacre.”

"Many of the ministers have been massacred. The rest are all useless. Other than sucking up to the emperor and sweet-talking to make the new emperor happy, they don't know anything about ruling the country."

"Originally, this had nothing to do with our Sarah Island. The sky is high and the emperor is far away. Even though Sarah Island is the territory of the Tarling Country, it is too barren. It is so barren that not even a little bit of oil can be squeezed out. Even the greedy feudal lords and nobles treat it like worn shoes."

"However, a noble who made friends with the new emperor before he became the new emperor became a meritorious servant of the Dragon King. In order to get a job for his son, he spent a lot of effort to chase away the old feudal lord of the Seaside City of Wrath, which was under the control of Sarah Island, and became the new feudal lord.

"The new lord is a useless wastrel. He is also cruel and greedy like his father. As soon as he took over the position, he started plundering money and jewelry. Many merchants and nobles lost their families.

The long story finally reached its climax.

Qin Luo listened attentively to the Lich's narration. His tone was calm, but Qin Luo could still hear the unconcealable rage, boundless hatred and killing intent!

"I might have been able to tolerate it if I had only plundered money, but that idiotic feudal lord is getting more greedy, and more vicious each time. As long as I am slightly unwilling, it will be the calamity of extermination. The shadow of fear is looming over Furious Sea City."

"In the past, the seaside city, the shipping hub, and the Furious Sea City fell silent and became desolate. This continued for a period of time. In less than three months, dozens of massacres occurred in Furious Sea City. There were civilian families, merchant families, and nobles."

"Finally, the people of Furious Sea City started to resist. Because they did not expect that there would be someone who resisted him, the symbol of the royal power of the tower kingdom, that idiot lord was caught off guard and was driven out of the lord's residence. He fled for his life in a hurry and actually escaped to Sarah Island."

At this point,

The aura of the Undead Lich suddenly intensified. Not only did Qin Sheng, who had keen senses, sense it, even Sanguine Primrose and the other girls could sense it.

"Even though we are almost isolated from the world, there is always a period of time every year when we have to go to Furious Sea City to purchase materials such as rice, flour, cloth, salt, and iron. Therefore, we recognize the Lord's Badge. When we see the Lord's ship that has escaped, we respectfully welcome it."

"However, we did not expect that the Lord and his men whom we tried our best to entertain were demons.

"That idiot lord took advantage of a group of ruffians and declared that he had occupied Sarah Island and confiscated all the resources on the island. He also asked all the men to join the army. In reality, he was just cannon fodder for their counterattack against Wrath Sea City."

"For a long time, the authority of the royal family and the aristocrats has been deeply ingrained in our minds. In addition, those ruffians threatened our family, causing us to not dare to resist and obediently submit."

"We were brought to a temporary military camp and watched over. Not only were we not allowed to go out, they only gave us a meal every day. If we disobeyed, they would whip us."

“Just like that, a few days later, we were released. We didn’t even have time to return home to take a look before we were caught on a ship returning to Wrath Sea City. On the ship, we heard news that it was rumored that the idiot lord’s father had transferred troops to the emperor to come to Furious Sea City. Our purpose for this trip was to attack from both sides.”

"On the battlefield, I narrowly escaped death. My father and elder brother were attacked by the enemy in order to protect me, and I was hit by a saber. I was lucky to survive thanks to the cover of my father and elder brother's corpses. After the war ended, I took advantage of the City Lord's great victory to clear out Nuhai City. I didn't have time to clean up the battlefield and escaped quietly.

“And yet, but when I got back to Sarah Island and home—”

The aura of the Undead Lich suddenly became chaotic, and his calm tone changed drastically. It was filled with ruthlessness and killing intent. “What I saw was a ruin. The peaceful village is gone, leaving only broken walls and ruins. The road is filled with corpses and blood.”

"I ran home like a madman, and what I saw was a broken door, a blood-stained road. I forced myself to push open the half-shrouded wooden door. First, I saw the old mother's body behind the door. She was beheaded by a knife, and her blood sprayed all over the room.

"A clean and efficient method, as well as a weapon wound. All of this shows that the murderer is the lawless ruffian soldiers brought by those lords."

"I pushed open the door in a daze and entered the inner room. I saw them. I saw my sister-in-law and my wife, who were covered in bruises and were naked. Their eyes were empty. They were… they were…"

Qin Sheng:…

Gritting his teeth

G!

Sanguine Primrose and the other girls clenched their fists in anger!

"None of you can understand it. None of you can understand the pain that is etched into your hearts. None of you can understand the hatred that wants to destroy the world!"

The Lich trembled in anger, and his voice could no longer hide his murderous intent. "I didn't lose my rationality, because I didn't find my sister at home. I remembered hearing a girl's voice in the cabin on the ship. I was certain that my sister had been captured by the Lord, so I had no choice but to suppress my hatred and bury my family before rushing back to Furious Sea City."

"Guess what I saw when I returned to Furious Sea City. What did I encounter?"