Chapter 404: Mission Completed. Reward: Heaven Crushing Strike

Ding… Wind Walk successful. Your speed + 4288 points! '

Awesome!

His speed had increased by 4,288 points, which was equivalent to a twofold increase.

Earlier, he had increased his speed by 100%, but he was still unscathed after merely doubling it.

Now that his speed had doubled, there was nothing to say.

Like this.

Another minute passed.

Like this.

There were only two minutes left until the five-minute agreement.

"Sacred Flame!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the other effects and only wanted the 100% increase in all attributes. His speed was doubled from the moment "Wind Walk" ended.

After another minute!

There was only one minute left until the five-minute appointment!

"Shadow Banner!"

At this moment.

The ultimate move that Qin Luo Sheng had been suppressing was finally unleashed.

The supplementary skill of the Epic boots [Shadow Ghost Boots] could increase one's speed by 200%, and it could create seven doppelgangers. After slashing the air for four minutes, under the watchful eyes of the brothers, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, who were already extremely irritable, unleashed it.

First, there were seven doppelgangers. They were in a frenzy, delaying Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash for about ten seconds.

Then…

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash defeated the clones that did not have any offensive capabilities. They looked at Qin Sheng and launched attacks that were even more powerful than before.

Yet.

200% speed was not a joke. Coupled with the Shadow Warrior's two instant movement skills—Shadow Assault, Shadow Escape, and Instant Slash, which could be used as instant teleportation at times to avoid damage and avoid killer moves, the few chances that Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash managed to grab were instantly destroyed.

Ten seconds!

Nine seconds!

Eight seconds!

…

Time passed.

Finally.

The last ten seconds of the countdown began.

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were anxious too.

As the noble warriors of the Barbarian race, they were now fighting two against one and bullying the weak. They had actually reached a height of five minutes and hadn’t even touched a single hair of others. This was a heavy blow to their hearts as warriors.

At this moment.

This was no longer about the Undead Lich. This was about the reputation of the Barbarians and the prestige of the Barbarians.

So.

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were equally ruthless.

"Be careful!"

In the end, he was still a kind-hearted, honest barbarian. When he used his killer move, Brutal Axe even warned him first. "I'm going to fight for real!"

"Yes!"

Man Zhan followed his brother and lifted the heavy sword in his hand. Energy exploded from his body and the muscles on his arms swelled. "Me too!"

In an instant.

This small world was filled with a terrifying and suffocating barbaric aura. A violent light emerged from the huge axe and heavy sword. The auras of the two Barbarian Warriors, as high as Level 40, enhanced the Gold Boss' focused attack, locked Qin Sheng firmly.

"Tsk!"

This was the last attack, right?

These two idiots are going to flip out!

Swoosh…

In the face of such a lethal strike, Qin Luo's body was as light as a swallow and as swift as a cheetah. He actually advanced instead of retreating and charged towards Man Ax and Man Zhan.

“Mountain Splitting Axe!”

"Sea-Shattering Sword!"

One in front and one behind, two enormous terrifying slashes flickered as they swept out like a plow sweeping through an acupoint, destroying everything in their path.

Swoosh…

Qin Luo's majestic slash, which was dozens of meters tall and less than two meters tall, was like the pressure of Mount Tai and the pouring of a river. They were on completely different levels.

Seeing this scene.

No one would think that Qin Sheng could withstand or survive.

Qin Qin Sheng himself felt the same way.

So.

He chose to avoid it.

Such a slash.

It also had destructive properties.

Even if he could block Qin Sheng, he would not be an idiot to block.

Fighting head-on, wasn't he an idiot?

“Shadow Escape!”

Just as the two slashes were about to touch Qin Luo's body, at the critical moment, Qin Luo disappeared from his spot.

The next moment.

The two slashes whistled through the air. The violent power of the slashes caused two huge holes to appear on the ground. They were about five metres wide and several metres deep. As for their length, they fell from the side of Man Axe and Man Zhan to the side of the entrance.

“That fierce?”

Qin Sheng, who had relied on his Shadow Escape ability to hide in the shadows to avoid this terrifying killer move, broke out in cold sweat when he saw the ground with a huge X character carved on it.

It was hard to imagine.

If this attack really landed on him, what would the consequences be?

He probably wouldn't even be able to leave his corpse intact, right?

Barbarians!

As expected of a natural Berserker, he was really fierce and arrogant!

Ding… congratulations on completing the triggering mission—Challenge the Twin Boss: Brutal Axe, Brutal Slash, Reward: Reputation 3,000, Goliath Favorability, Goliath Reputation + 1,000! '

"Ding… As you were fighting with Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash without any injuries, you completed the hidden condition and received additional reward: Brutal Axe Favorability + 1000, Brutal Slash Favorability + 1000. Skill: Heaven Crushing Strike!"

Ding… Brutal Ax's Favorability towards you + 1000. Relationship raised to: Life and Death Interchange! '

Ding… Man Zhan's impression of you + 1000. Relationship increased to: Life and Death Interchange! '

Ding… You have received the appreciation of Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash. Gift Skill: Heaven Crushing Strike! '

A series of notifications made Qin Luo extremely comfortable.

Even though most of the rewards were Reputation Points, Qin Luo Sheng could be said to be the player who benefited the most from Reputation. Naturally, he would not mind this.

Besides.

He had even completed the hidden conditions, causing Man Axe and Man Zhan to be completely convinced and willingly give additional rewards.

His affinity and relationship had increased by 500 points due to his Charm Point Max.

It was precisely because of this bug-like charm Max had that it affected what happened next.

How could the two barbarians, who had been brainwashed by the Lich, give him a chance to talk to them? They must have started fighting the moment they met. How could they not talk? Haha!

Now, his affinity had increased by another 1000. This was the second relationship since Qin Luo had entered the Fate Dimension!

There was no need to mention the benefits of having a good relationship.

This…

The two brothers, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, directly gave him a skill?

Heaven Crushing Strike!

What a domineering name!

He opened the skill column—

[Heaven-Splitting Slash (Special)] was aimed in one direction. After accumulating power for three seconds, the user would use the ultimate slash with all his strength. Filled with faith and fighting spirit, it could even cut and destroy the sky. Attack strength + 1000%, with the Destruction attribute. The width and length of the slash would be determined by the user's strength! After using it, the user would enter a weakened state for 1 hour. Cooldown: 7 days!

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ﾟ ⊙) o!

F*ck!

What kind of godly skill was this?

Ten times damage plus Destruction Attribute?

What was Destruction?

Destroy!

Completely destroyed!

It was a special attribute that was even more destructive!

It was also the special attribute that Qin Sheng had been pursuing and longing for!