Chapter 403: When The Mission Begins

Instantly.

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash seemed to sense that something was wrong, but they couldn't figure out what it was!

“You’re all barbarian warriors, and you’re all outstanding talents of the younger generation. I’m just an ordinary human. I’ve just gone through a bit of training and haven’t received much tempering. How can I compare to you?”

The two stubborn barbarians could not think straight, but Qin'er could not.

While they continued, Qin Sheng slapped his butt again. "Look at your physiques and then look at my physique. Can I use my sword to fight you head-on?"

"That makes sense!"

Man Zhan scratched his head and looked at his big brother. He said honestly, "Big brother, aren't we bullying people too much?"

"That's true!"

Brutal Axe replied to his younger brother, "We are mighty Barbarian Warriors. How can we bully the weak? It's fine if we force them to fight with us. It's fine if we fight two against one, but now they want us to fight in the film studio. This is indeed unreasonable!"

"How about we relax?"

Man Zhan said, "Let him be! With our strength, we can definitely take him down in five minutes!"

"Yes!"

Brutal Ax nodded. "Let's do that!"

Upon hearing the two fools wasting time on that conversation, Qin Sheng almost burst into laughter.

Drag! Drag! Keep dragging!

It would be best if they could continue the conversation and drag out the entire five minutes. Once everything was settled, everyone would be able to relax, right? Why did they have to fight each other to the death?

"Brutal fighting spirit!"

Yet.

The truth did not seem to be as Qin Luo had expected.

Suddenly.

The two barbarians who had reached an agreement instantly erupted.

"What's going on?"

Qin Sheng's eyes nearly popped out when he saw the energy cyclones swirling around the two barbarian warriors.

Didn't Bosses only explode when their health points were below 50%, 30%, and 10%?

I didn't even touch a single hair of these two guys, and my Health Points are completely 100%. I'm starting now?

Ding… Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash have activated Brutal Fighting Spirit. All attributes + 20%, Attack + 50%, Speed + 30%, Duration: 5 minutes! '

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

Dog System, did you hear that?

Damn!

It was one thing for the BOSS to unleash his skills without being injured, but who could withstand such an explosion?

Enhanced Gold Boss, Enhanced Gold Boss!

Is this how you amplify it?

Not only did he have all the attributes, he even had to strengthen one or two of them?

FXXK!

Fortunately, this was a game of hide and seek. The increase in attack power was not important, nor was the increase in defense. However, this speed was a little disgusting!

The increase was a total of 50%. Wasn't this coincidentally counterbalanced by the "Swimming Snake Movement Technique" that he had just enhanced?

"Brave Heart!"

As he watched the two giants, who were obviously faster than before, trample the ground and charge at him, Qin Luo Sheng shuddered in fear and added another skill without hesitation.

Heart of the Brave increased all attributes by 50%!

If you increase your speed by 50%, I'll increase it by 50%. That's even, right?

In this way, everyone was back to square one.

Sword Qi whistled!

The axe flashed!

Two thirty-meter-tall giants were rampaging crazily with two heavy weapons that were more than twenty meters long.

Every time a terrifying slash swept across, it was like a natural disaster. If it didn't plow the ground until it was full of potholes, it would blast one pothole after another. The effect was explosive.

"These two bastards are really merciless!"

Qin Luo Sheng's thin and frail body was like a candle in the wind and a small boat in the sea when he was swept away by the axe. Every time he narrowly avoided it, he would be struck by it countless times and sent back home.

"Damn, the advantage of size is too obvious!"

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng had no choice but to once again recognize the advantage that a big fellow had over a small human like him.

First, there was the Mountain Giant from Cliff Ridge who punched him into the mountain. The bones in his body shattered and his blood vessels exploded. He was almost smashed into a bloody mist.

Now, there were two Barbarian brothers, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash. One axe and one sword were like splitting mountains and splitting seas. They were terrifying to the extreme. Even the slightest touch might cause them to die instantly.

Besides.

The most disgusting thing was that these huge creatures seemed to be born with destructive attributes, or even higher destructive attributes. Every move they made could destroy a scene, and it was not just a simple battle of data.

"If only we were fighting the dragons!"

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng missed the trial at the Dragon God Hall.

Even though the Venomous Snake, Flood Dragon, and True Dragon were much stronger, they were much more friendly to a human due to their dragon bodies.

Because.

Although the body of a dragon was incomparably tyrannical and flexible, the limitations of the dragon’s claws were too great. In other places, the dragon might be able to twist and turn, but once it leapt onto the dragon’s head, other than the dragon’s tail, it was impossible to touch the other parts.

As for Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash?

Even though they were Barbarians, they were exactly the same as humans!

Under the circumstances, it was impossible to take advantage of the body. If you jumped on someone else’s body, their hands could easily touch any part of the body. There was no place for you to hide.

Soon!

A minute passed!

Under Qin Sheng's swift evasion, Man Ax and Man Zhan had exerted all their strength without touching him at all.

"Ding, your augmentation skill, Snake Movement Steps, effect time is over!"

"Ding! Your enhancement skill Brave Heart has ended!"

The two augmentation skills ended one after another.

"Leopard Tu!"

Qin Sheng, who had long been prepared for this, naturally activated the most ferocious skill of its speed.

In an instant.

Speed directly increased by 100%. One skill was comparable to the first two enhancement skills!

Thus…

Another minute passed.

"Wind Walk!"

Qin Luo Sheng had used the second skill he had awakened after the upgrade of [Divine Flash]. It was a skill that was exactly the same as Yatu, Mu Mu and Qing Si's ID!

Ding… Wind Walk has been successfully used. Your speed + 4288 points! '