Chapter 419: Departed Spirit Lich Who Suffers A Loss

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

“Backtrack target—[Spiritual Light Cloak] effect [Spiritual Light], fifth ability!”

"Retracing successful, [Spiritual Light] fifth ability, currently available!"

After the triple Eagle Stomp, Qin Sheng's body was pulled back to the ground by gravity.

After killing the Lich, Qin Sheng immediately activated Starlight Reversal, clearing the cooldown of his flying ability and turning it into a usable ability. He then activated it again.

One minute of flying ability, check again!

"Undead Lich, die!"

After regaining his ability to fly, Qin Sheng made up for his last weakness and charged towards the Lich.

Before he arrived, the sword qi had already arrived!

The 10-meter-long golden Sword Aura continued to rain down and sealed the surrounding space of the Lich. Unless he teleported or used his body to resist it, he could not escape the "cage" formed by the Sword Aura!

"I admit that I underestimated you!"

As a lich, he was naturally very sensitive to energy. At this moment, the energy contained within Qin Sheng's body shocked him to the extreme.

"But it's not that easy to kill a Lich!—Lich Tactics!"

The dark energy on the surface of the Undead Lich's body changed from gentle to sharp in an instant.

At that moment, the Lich, who was mainly a Mana Cultivator, expanded into a muscular man who was almost two meters tall!

What the heck!

What was this?

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded on the spot!

"Is it very different from what you think?"

Seeing Qin Sheng's dumbfounded look, the undead lich chuckled. "A qualified lich whose physical fitness and combat skills are comparable to a great warrior!"

"You really surprise me again!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and praised.

"Same here!"

The Lich said, "You too!"

"However, you have missed something!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered, "Or should I say, your carelessness just now made you fall into a disadvantageous position?"

"Oh!"

The Lich's eyes turned cold. "Then I shall see!"

“You think I’m bluffing?”

Qin Luo raised [Coiling Dragon Li Water] with a treacherous look in his eyes. "I've been waiting for this moment for a long time. Undead lich!"

Swish!

His figure flickered.

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Sheng, who had teleported forward, rushed in front of the Lich and slashed with his sword!

However!

At this moment, the Undead Lich had already transformed into a close-combat Boss. When he saw Qin Sheng's sword slash, he did not have any intention of dodging. Instead, he flexed his muscles and punched out ferociously.

Exchanging injury for life!

Clang…

Bang…

One sword and one fist landed almost at the same time.

-3,5886!

Qin Luo Sheng's sword had dealt great damage, but to the Undead Lich whose Health Points had recovered to their peak, which was 3.5 million points, it was extremely weak.

In comparison.

The heavy punch of the Undead Lich caused Qin Sheng to vomit blood. His Health Points dropped by nearly 36,000 points. It was simply explosive.

"Is this your killer move?"

The Lich looked at the Coiling Dragon Water on his shoulder and smiled. "I'll be disappointed if that's all you have!"

"Don't worry, I won't disappoint you!"

Qin Sheng wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and looked at the lich's eyes. He slowly spat out one word, "Explode!"

In an instant!

The body of the Lich could not help but shake. In his bulging muscles, it was as if there were countless worms crawling around. It was chilling.

“What did you do?”

The Lich was shocked and tried to control the energy to disperse the Alternate Creatures in his body.

"Nothing!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered, "It's just that when you were wearing the dark armor and disdained to dodge my attack, the silent Li Water was injected into your body. Now, it's detonated. How is it? How does it taste?"

"Water Separation? Water Separation from the Ten Wonders Water?"

The Lich was terrified. "Impossible. How can you have a legendary treasure that even I have only heard of?"

"There's no need for you to know!"

Qin Luo was secretly controlling the [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. Seeing that the Lich was concentrating on the Li Water in his body, he snorted coldly. "Your biggest mistake was arrogance. You thought you controlled the entire situation and treated me as an ant that could be dealt with at any time. Also, you made a huge mistake in your strategy. You chose to become my enemy in the form of a warrior. Now, you shall suffer the consequences of your own actions!"

"Water Spirit!"

In an instant.

The [Coiling Dragon Liquid], which was stuck close to the Lich, glowed brightly. The blue water dragon on the sword swam back and forth. It opened its mouth and spat out thick and silver Liquid.

Swoosh…

Qin Luo Sheng swung his sword. Instantly, the water was so thick that it spilled all over the lich's head and face.

Zizi ~ ~ ~

The terrifying corrosive power attached itself to the body of the Lich. As soon as it came into contact with his skin, thick smoke was immediately emitted, as if it was being roasted by fire. Not only did it emit the fragrance of roasted meat, but even the skin and flesh were devoured.

"Ah…"

Fusing the skin, devouring the flesh, and crushing the bones. This was one of the top ten magical water that even a True Dragon's body could not withstand. The corrosive ability was the strongest, so how could the Lich fight against it?

"Just die in the midst of wailing!"

Qin Luo retreated violently. He frowned in disgust as he watched the Undead Lich, whose body was gradually corroded to the point where its flesh and bones could be seen.

"This Li Water Essence is too terrifying!"

Even his own initiator, Qin Sheng, was shocked.

He had used this thing twice. The first time, he almost killed the Legendary Boss, the True Dragon. The second time, he was about to kill the Ancient Boss, the Undead Lich.

As expected of a skill with a cooldown period of seven days, its effects were really fierce!

"It's a pity that when this thing is used against powerful BOSSes, it's not very powerful when used alone. We have to coordinate from the inside!"

Whether it was the destruction of the dragon's body or the destruction of the Lich's body, it was not the effect of a single Water Separation Essence. It was combined with the Water Separation that had been injected into the enemy's body earlier, forming a coordinated attack from both inside and outside.

If the Li Water that was injected into the body of the Lich had not been detonated, it would have devoured the Lich's internal organs, blood vessels, and meridians. With his ability, he would have been able to escape even if he was drenched by the Li Water Essence.

Unfortunately.

Due to the Li Water in his body, he couldn't care less about the outside world. After all, the Li Water in his body was effective on internal organs. It was life-threatening. As for the Li Water outside, it only caused his skin and flesh to rot. It wouldn't kill him for the time being!