Chapter 412: Revenge Of The Lich

“On the witch’s autopsy table,” he said, “I was tortured. I watched as the prisoners who were in the cells with me were sent in batches after batches. That’s when I realized what was going on with the so-called benevolence, the so-called release of prisoners.”

"As it turns out, I'm just like them. I'm just like pigs, dogs, or even pigs. I'm like insects and rats.

"Crazy torture and endless despair. I was used to hearing countless miserable screams and seeing countless people die on the autopsy table. At that time, my heart changed."

"I am no longer a useless coward who only wants to seek death. I want to kill people, I want to kill those ruffians, I want to kill that lord, I want to kill that hypocritical crown prince, I want to destroy this filthy tower kingdom that cannot see the future and the light."

The birth of a nation was born from this!

The evil spirits that crawled back from hell would eventually bite back at the nobles and royal families who thought they were superior!

Maybe.

Never in their wildest dreams would they have imagined that an ordinary fisherman youth, a piece of trash that they could toy with and control his life and death, would one day become their lifeline, a nightmare that they could never escape.

“My despair, my ambition, my faith in destruction, my ruthlessness in slaughter, it was so strong and pure that it alarmed my master, an old Magus!”

“He showed up and killed the third-rate wizard who dissected me. He took me away and taught me witchcraft. He wanted to raise me to be a greater lich than a wizard. Then he possessed me, took over my body, and devoured my soul, so that he could go further.”

"It's a pity that the power of the Lich lies in the heart. Without experiencing despair, without being thrown into hell and falling into the abyss, how could he resist my evil thoughts and revenge? In the end, he was devoured by me and his cultivation turned into my nutrients, allowing me to evolve into a real Lich. Hahahaha…"

Hearing the Lich's laughter, everyone fell silent again.

Even though it was just a few words, everyone understood the pain and sorrow in it!

He was already in a miserable state to begin with. He had already been reduced to a walking corpse, a situation where he wished to die but could not. Yet, he had actually seen hope. He had been deceived by the hypocritical crown prince and seen the light.

But.

This so-called hope, this so-called light, was just a flower in the mirror, a moon in the water.

His body, which was already covered in wounds, and his heart, which was riddled with holes, were tortured once again. He was pulled out of hell alive and stepped on ruthlessly.

How cruel was this?

Besides.

It was not just a mental injury, but also a physical one.

It was a chilling live experiment!

A living person would just set up an autopsy table and not give any defensive measures or anesthesia. This was to wake you up and make you feel pain. This was to collect anger, hatred, and resentment.

It was hard to imagine what sort of inhuman torture that was!?

"Do you know how I took revenge?"

The Lich smiled and asked.

"I'm quite interested!"

Ignoring the group of girls whose faces were pale and clearly on the verge of collapse, Qin Sheng replied with interest, "Tell me about it! After suppressing it for so long, it's time to say something that makes people feel better! Lele alone is not as good as the group. Let me have some fun too!"

"You're not bad!"

The Undead Lich gave Qin Sheng a deep look, his eyes revealing a hint of admiration. "Unlike those hypocrites and so-called Dao Protectors, I can feel the fluctuations in your emotions just now. It seems that you and I should be on the same path. How about it? Do you want to join me in cleaning up those disgusting and filthy animals and getting rid of the filth!"

"No, I'm not on the same side as you!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and refused.

"Hahahaha…"

The Lich laughed and shook his head. "Fine, your hatred isn't deep enough. You haven't experienced despair enough. One day, you will be like me."

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and did not respond.

It seemed like the Lich had misunderstood.

He thought that the emotional fluctuation he felt from the period of history where he came from the motherland in his previous life, where there was no wind and rain, mistook it for his own experience.

Still.

So be it.

Qin Qin was not prepared to explain either.

"It's nothing. I just broke into the camp and sacrificed the entire camp, fifteen small camps, and almost two hundred thousand soldiers, turning them into my undead army."

The Lich laughed sinisterly. "As for the soldiers who followed that idiot Lord and caused chaos on Sarah Island, I took good care of them."

"Thanks to my benevolence, I spent a lot of effort and money to bribe the righteous officials to bring over the families and relatives of the soldiers.

"Next, guess what I did? Jejejejeje…"

"In front of them, I controlled them with Necromagic and killed their parents and family with my own hands. One stab, one stab, and then another. The blood, the screams, the pain, and the wails were really moving and intoxicating!"

"However, this is far from enough!"

"I was originally a kind person, so how could I be like them? So, I still gave them a chance! How about it? Am I very benevolent?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression turned odd.

Mercy?

Haha!

I don't believe you at all.

After going through such hell and facing your enemy, you have already become your prisoner. Do you think you can endure it?

Who are you trying to scare?

The so-called benevolence was just more cruel torture!

It was just like how those guys had pried open your eyes and made you watch your own sister being tortured to death. They even wanted to keep your life. They made you wish you were dead!

“Don’t they like women? I’ve been merciful and sent them here personally. As long as they treat my sister-in-law, my wife, and my little sister, I’ll let them treat the women of their comrades. How about it? Not bad, right? I’ve made them so happy!”

"One, one after another! Just like how they did to my little sister in the past, they took turns to come. Whoever's woman should go up, open his eyes and let him see with his own eyes how his wife, sister, and daughter were raped to death!"

"The cries, the cries, the cries, the cries, the curses, the pleas for mercy, and the sounds of remorse. When combined together, it was like the most beautiful symphony in the world. It was really nice to listen to!"

"Bastard!" Blood Rose couldn't help but curse. "No matter what those soldiers do, women and children are innocent!"

In an instant.

The Lich, who had been controlling himself well, turned cold and the surrounding temperature dropped.