Chapter 416: Battle

Crack!

The crisp sound of bones breaking rang out, followed by Qin Luo's excited prompt from the system.

"Ding! [Army Breaker] 's effect has been triggered. You have severed the arm of the Ancient BOSS Undead Lich, reducing its coordination by 30% and attack speed by 20%!"

NICE!

Initially, he only wanted to trigger the crippling effect of Critical Hit. To be precise, he only wanted to dislocate the right arm of the Lich. He didn't expect [Army Breaker] to be so powerful. It directly triggered the power of "Break" and chopped off the right arm.

"Ha, without your right hand, let's see how you cast your spell!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Without the arm you're used to using, you won't be able to change it in a short period of time. By the time you've gotten used to it, a long time has already passed. This period of time is enough for me to kill you!"

Flat A!

An endless flat A!

When your basic stats were extremely abnormal, do not use any small skills. That would greatly slow down your attack rhythm and attack efficiency.

Even if the skill had additional damage, this additional damage could be recovered at the speed of a normal A, and the damage was much greater!

Qin Luo Sheng was well-versed in this field. As an experienced driver, he naturally wouldn't make such a low-level mistake. While the Lich was still in a state of fear and couldn't retaliate, he seized the opportunity and started kiting wildly!

"Chop!"

In the two seconds of fear, he used the first second to cut off the Undead Lich's right hand. In the second second, he used a flat A, which took away nearly 500,000 of his health points. The Undead Lich had just recovered and was greeted by Qin Sheng's powerful slash to send him into the sky.

"One second of stun time?"

The three-second stun was cut off by the Undead Lich again.

To that.

Qin Luo was also very satisfied.

Seizing the opportunity, the tip of the sword emitted a cold glow. Using the sword as a gun, he aimed at the Lich floating in the sky and stabbed wildly!

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

The Stun effect of the Slash ended. Qin Sheng patted the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] on his waist, vowing to extend the control chain to the limit and control the Lich to the end.

However—

"Ding… Undead Lich is immune to hallucinatory effects. Illusionary Spirit Confounding Formation has failed!"

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

Was the hallucinatory effect useless?

Or was the illusion effect of [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] ineffective?

An existence whose strength had reached the Epic stage could no longer be simply viewed as an ordinary BOSS.

Black iron, bronze, silver, and gold were all metals. Just like the introduction of the Lord of the Stars, the SSS talent belonged to the low-level energy. After crossing the gold level and entering the Epic level, the low-level energy would be upgraded to the middle-level energy. It could connect to the heaven and earth and control elements and other powers.

Although the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] was impressive, it was still severely lacking in energy. In the introduction, it was a divine weapon that had appeared during the war between gods and devils and had made the devils suffer a lot. But now, it was merely an Epic-ranked item, and it was a low-grade Epic-ranked item. It could not even compare to the ordinary Epic-ranked ring [Skeleton of Death]!

"What an incredible ability!"

The chain of control broke, and the Lich returned to normal. He immediately flashed and left Qin Sheng's side, feeling his current state. All his attributes had decreased by 50%, and his attack power had decreased by 80%. It was extremely tragic.

"I never thought that you, who looked like an ant, would have such terrifying explosive power. No wonder you are so confident!"

His strength had been greatly reduced, and his Health Points had dropped by more than half. He was at an absolute disadvantage, but there was no panic on the Lich's face. Obviously, he had a trump card that could make him turn the tables.

"It's too late for that now!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not know how to play games with the Lich of the Undead. He did not want to waste even a single second of the maximum one minute of augmentation time. With a flash of his body, he unleashed his speed to its fullest extent. Like a phantom, he arrived beside the Lich of the Undead in an instant.

"Young man, you are indeed very impatient!"

The lich smiled sinisterly. The black light surrounding him suddenly transformed into a series of dark hands that bound Qin Luo Sheng like chains.

"How about my Undead Soul Lock?"

Looking at Qin Sheng who had thrown himself into the net like a fish in a net, the Lich's lips curled into a smug smile.

"Very strong!"

Seeing that he could not break free, Qin Luo Sheng did not waste any more effort. He looked at the approaching undead lich and said coldly, "As expected of a lich. Your abilities are indeed very strange! However, you're not qualified to seal me off with just this!"

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and revealed a treacherous smile at the undead lich. Before he subconsciously felt that something was wrong, his body turned into an invisible shadow and broke free from the energy chains that bound him. He escaped into the shadow of the undead lich that was revealed because of the moonlight.

“Mad Shadow Slash!”

One second to enter, one second to kill.

It was a killing move.

The unique skill of the shadow warrior, under the state where Qin Luo's speed broke through 10,000, was boosted crazily once again. His speed increased by 1,000% and rose to more than 100,000.

There were afterimages!

No!

Not even a shadow could be seen!

Although the numbers on the data panel did not represent rice, Qin Sheng could sense that his current speed was almost the same as the speed of sound.

His body swept past!

The sword slashed wildly!

His body swept past again!

The sword slashed again!

I was once again killed!

My sword blade once again moved twice to kite me!

The Wild Shadow Executioner was a skill that utilized the Shadow Warrior's two greatest abilities—speed and Berserk Kill to the extreme. It locked onto a target or an area, and when its speed was maxed out, it was like a ghost. It shuttled back and forth and slashed wildly, causing the enemy to be unable to see or touch it. They could only passively take a beating. In the midst of despair, they were slowly eaten up and killed on the spot!

It was a hidden occupation after all. The shadow warrior's ability was extremely strong, and because of Qin Sheng's explosive attribute after the enhancement, 1 + 1 was far greater than 3. Even though the undead lich's ability was treacherous, it was unable to retaliate under the impact of the sonic speed.

Among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was invincible.

This was not boasting!

The five second kill was neither long nor short.

But for the two parties involved, Qin Sheng and the Lich, especially the Lich who was being beaten passively, it was too long!

Wild Shadow Slash was a speed-type skill. The faster the speed, the more terrifying the effect.

Because its lethality was attacked every time it moved back and forth. If you moved quickly, you would have more opportunities to move.

In any case, it was five seconds. In this limited time, whether it was moving once or a hundred times, it was all decided by the user's ability.