Chapter 413: An Eye For An Eye

"Shut up!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was cold as he looked at the blood-soaked rose and growled coldly, "Don't utter that disgusting nonsense!"

"That's right, this nonsense is really disgusting! Hahaha…"

Before the Blood Rose could retort, the Lich laughed and said, "You're telling me that you're innocent? Are the people on Sarah Island innocent? Are the people in Furious Sea City innocent? Are my family innocent? Are the women who were imprisoned together with my sister innocent?"

Blood Rose was speechless.

“Tell me.”

Ignoring the girls who shared the same thoughts as her, the Undead Lich turned his gaze to Qin Sheng, who he admired and thought was on the same side as him, and asked, "Did I do anything wrong?"

"That's right!"

Without hesitation, Qin Luo replied firmly, "You did nothing wrong!"

"Weeping Soul, you…"

Even Sanguine Primrose and the other girls were staring at Qin Luo Sheng in shock, their eyes filled with doubt and confusion. It was as if they had never imagined that Qin Luo would have such an answer.

"Hahahaha…"

The Lich laughed wildly again. "You are indeed my kind. Only after experiencing the same pain can we understand each other."

"Blood for blood, tooth for tooth, that's all!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored everyone else. He ignored the girls from the Rose Society and did not listen to the words of the Lich either. He said indifferently, "Those who repay evil with good are saints. Those who advise you to repay evil with good are worse than pigs and dogs. They are the same as those who abuse others. For such people, either let them experience it for themselves or just kill them!"

"Good, ruthless and fierce!"

The Lich praised.

"Weeping Soul, I didn't expect you to be such a person! Your thoughts are too dangerous!"

Sanguine Primrose didn't say anything as she jumped out again.

“Dangerous?”

Qin Qin Sheng turned his head to glance at her and snorted coldly. He did not reply.

Although the Blue Star of this parallel world had also experienced that period of darkness, there were still some deviations. A certain island army was defeated by the unified forces of Huaxia without any infighting. Naturally, there were no world-shaking massacres. Therefore, the hatred was not as deep as the hatred of the Chinese on Earth.

"No matter what, women are innocent. What right do you have to say that? What right do you have to harm them?"

Qin Luo roared angrily after being glared at by Qin Sheng.

"Innocent?"

Qin Qin Sheng's voice suddenly turned cold.

Was he really innocent?

In his previous life, Japan relied on their invasion to obtain resources from China and provide for all Japanese. But in this matter, resources were plundered, so what about the Chinese? They were starved to death, and their bones formed mountains.

It was fine if they starved to death, but at least they could leave unscathed!

But what about those girls who had been humiliated to death? At that time, did those invaders let them off just because they were women? Did they let them off just because they were someone else's daughter, wife, and mother?

No!

Since they didn’t, what right did they have to replace their forgiveness, to replace the innocent people who had died tragically under the enemy’s blades, or had been subjected to live experiments, toxic gas experiments, and biochemical experiments? Forgiveness?

Want forgiveness?

Sure!

An eye for an eye!

What you all have done in the past is that we just have to repeat it once. Don't worry, we won't charge you any interest. Whatever you all do, we guarantee that it won't exceed the scope!

Implicating the innocent?

His family was not to blame, but his wife and children were not to blame?

Women are innocent?

What a joke.

Under the avalanche, not a single snowflake was innocent!

During that period of madness, the women of Japan relied on China’s resources to survive. They donated money and food as military expenditures to continue attacking and plundering. They even sacrificed themselves to enter a certain camp and became a WAF to give pressure to their soldiers.

Like this!

He still dared to say he was innocent?

Haha!

"Those men are indeed ruthless!"

At this moment, the Undead Lich continued to talk about his revenge. "Perhaps, they raped other people's women, so they didn't feel much psychological pressure. Moreover, after seeing their family members being raped, their anger and fear were reborn. They transferred all the pain and depression to the families of the soldiers who raped their families. Hence, they became even more brutal!"

"Tsk, what a wonderful scene. They are also as weak as my little sister. How could they withstand the repeated abuse of so many people? Soon, they stopped breathing!"

"Looking at my enemies who knelt on the ground and begged me like a worm, I, a good person, will definitely keep my promise!"

“That’s why I didn’t kill them! Instead, I killed their family, including their parents and children, as well as their other relatives one after another in front of them. One blade, one blade, one blade. Looking at their distorted faces, that wonderful feeling is truly indescribable.”

“Kill all of their loved ones, and then it’s their turn. Hmm, don’t look at me. I’ll keep my promise, so it naturally won’t be them. It’s only a group of specters that’s moving against them, it’s none of my business!”

Like hell I believe you!

"Ling Chi, have you guys heard of this before? It's a type of punishment where you cut off the meat piece by piece for three days and three nights, until all the flesh on your body has been cut off and all the blood on your body has been drained away!"

"That's right! I let the wights dismember all of them. They wailed for three days and three nights before they finally breathed their last. Oh, this isn't over yet. Even if they died, their souls were enslaved by me. Every day, they suffered the demon fire's calcination, eternal torture, and could never escape. What do you think of my revenge?"

Qin Luo nodded and praised, "Not bad! At least let me do it. I can't be as perfect as you!"

"You, you two perverts, you two demons!"

After the blood rose roared, it turned around, bent down, and vomited.

Beside her, other than Sanguine Primrose who was still holding on with a pale face, the rest of the girls also started vomiting. Some of them even had tears on their faces, it was obvious that they were scared out of their wits.

"I've finished my story. Now, it's your turn!"

The Lich didn't even look at the others. He only looked at Qin Sheng and asked, "Did I do something wrong?"

Qin Luo Sheng: "No!"

The Lich asked again, "Have I gone overboard?"

Qin Qin Sheng shook his head. "No!"

"Should I vent my anger on their family?" the Lich asked again.

Qin Luo was silent!