Chapter 417: Undead Spell, Nether Realm Revival

Qin Luo's dish?

Or rather…

Was Qin Luo slow?

What a pity!

He was a cheat!

How could he give the Undead Lich a chance?

Qin Luo Sheng unleashed his Mad Shadow Killer Slash to its maximum potential. In just five seconds, he relied on the speed of the explosion to go back and forth thirty to forty times. Even if his attack power was somewhat lacking and was only fixed at 200%, under the augmentation of so many, especially with the Holy Flames, the damage dealt to the darkness element was increased by four times and the damage dealt was not bad.

What a pity!

The Lich, the Undead Lich, specialized in controlling everything from behind the scenes. Once he attacked, he would destroy everything with lightning speed and annihilate the enemy's fixed BOSS. He had always been the most careful and cherished his life the most. How could he not have a protective skill?

When the Wild Shadow Executioner was activated, the black aura around the Lich condensed instantly. After transforming into chains to trap the enemy, it transformed into an armor made of energy.

This Energy Armor was too BUG, it could withstand at least 80% of the damage, it was extremely terrifying!

Thus…

As a result, Qin Sheng had only taken less than 20% of the Lich's health with a few dozen slashes!

"Not bad!"

Qin Luo's abnormally strong body could not handle the five-second sonic speed. He stopped panting and looked at the Undead Lich who was hiding in the shell of a turtle.

“You are also the third person to make me use the Dark Armor. The first two, one is the Grand General of the Towering Kingdom, and the other is the Grand Elder of the Hidden World Sect located within the Towering Kingdom!”

The Lich looked at the dark armor on his body, which was full of tiny sword marks. It was obviously damaged. He squinted and exclaimed, "I underestimated you!"

"Cut the crap!"

After taking a few breaths, Qin Luo rose up with his sword again and slashed violently. "Look at the sword!"

A tangle!

A tangle!

It was still a fight!

With the advantage of absolute speed, it was no longer enough to kill Qin Sheng instantly when facing the Undead Lich whose attack power had been reduced by 80%. Qin Sheng was not afraid at all. He fought at close quarters and advanced bravely.

In fact.

It was useless to be afraid. Was he not worried about the strange abilities of the Lich?

After all, he was only a Warrior. Even though he relied on Sacred Fire and other skills to attack at a distance of 7 meters, he and the Lich were floating in the air. Their movement speed and trajectory were very strange. Long-range attacks were difficult to hit.

Now, the only way to fight against the Lich was to weaken it and strengthen himself!

Undead Liches had many tricks up their sleeves and revival abilities!

On the other hand, there was a limit to the amount of time that Qin Sheng could enhance himself. He definitely could not waste it. Otherwise, once the effects ended, it would be his end!

This was also the reason why Qin Sheng refused to let go and chased after him!

"Fortunately, after the skill upgrade, the duration has doubled from 30 seconds. It's now 60 seconds. Otherwise, it would be really difficult!"

Thirty seconds later, other than the effect of the Snake Movement Steps ending, the rest of the effects, including the potion, were still there. It could last for another thirty seconds. The longest Sacred Fire lasted for two and a half minutes!

"You are the most talented young man I have ever seen. Your talent, temperament, ability, and even the combat skills that can only be cultivated in the later stages are all top-notch!"

The Undead Lich exclaimed, "Are you sure you don't want to help me? I'm just using the others, but you're different. You're the same kind of person as me. As long as you come, I'll agree to anything you want!"

"You should worry about yourself!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes and saw that the Lich's health bar had dropped to 11%. He swung his sword and slashed again. "Let me measure how big your weapon is!"

“Really?”

Receiving the attack, the Lich's Health Points dropped by 10%, and it was in the explosive stage. He smiled strangely and said, "Then watch carefully! Undead Spell, Region of the Nether Revive!"

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

+ 100000!

…

Countless green recovery numbers floated above the Lich's head.

The regeneration ability of 100,000 points per second was simply terrifying!

Besides.

It wasn't just regenerating his health points. Under Qin Sheng's dumbfounded gaze, his right arm, which should have been severed by him and had been a burden to the Undead Lich, grew out from the severed area!

He recovered from his injuries and regenerated his severed arm?

Qin Luo Sheng's heart turned cold!

Damn it, he was indeed an Undead Lich!

Even though it was only the tip of the iceberg, it was still so shocking.

Other people recovered bit by bit, but this guy's recovery was not enough for him to recover 100,000 points per second. He even flashed five or six times consecutively. What did it mean for an Epic Boss to recover 500,000 to 600,000 health points every second?

This was forcing players to die!

And regenerating severed arms.

There was actually such a ridiculous thing?

Breaking a familiar hand was incomparable to a complete Lich!

"Damn it, I don't believe it!"

Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and killed his enemy without hesitation. Only an idiot would wait for his enemy to recover safely. Who knew if the recovery of the Undead Lich had to stand still before it could take effect? If that was the case, wouldn't it be a waste of the opportunity to just stand there and be shocked by him?

"Your foundation is still too shallow!"

The Undead Lich did not dodge or evade. Wearing the armor of dark energy, it recovered endlessly after being washed by the dark energy. It allowed Qin Sheng to attack as he said sternly, "Do you know why I didn't destroy the Taling Kingdom? It's not that I'm not strong, but my foundation isn't strong enough!"

"Even though the Towering Country is only a small country, it has been passed down for thousands of years. It's hard for me to shake the heavens with my strength alone. Not to mention the hidden sects, clans, and all kinds of experts in the Towering Country, even the most ordinary army, even if I'm a lich and can kill people and turn their corpses into dead spirits, can't be destroyed."

"I'm not afraid of small-scale battlefields, but with a large-scale army crushing down on me, you won't be able to win even if you exhaust yourself to death.… For a whole ten years, I relied on the foundation left behind by my master and only managed to break through eighteen cities. Other than the Furious Sea City that had suffered too much damage, the other seventeen cities are all just small cities that have fallen. I can't do anything to those heavy cities, main cities, and even the Imperial City."

"As for you, you are too young! Perhaps you have a fortuitous encounter, or perhaps you have the support of a powerful sect or clan, but so what? You are still too young to challenge me at this moment!"

Qin Luo remained silent.

It was just a crazy attack.

Yet.

At this moment, his attacks appeared extremely weak.

With one slash, hundreds of thousands of damage points were dealt. However, under the defense of the Dark Armor, there were only tens of thousands of points. Even if he attacked with both swords and slashed six to seven times in a second, the Lich would recover 500,000 health points every second. His attack was far from enough. He could only watch as the Lich, who was on the verge of death, had his health points increase bit by bit and return to its peak state.

Tsk!