Chapter 418: Open Fire, Strong Qin Sheng

"Look, what's the use of all your efforts?"

The Undead Lich waved his newly grown right hand and sneered. "Fighting with you is like playing house with a child. You must have been mentally prepared for the fact that you were able to get here and obtain some information from the corpse digger. My ability might be higher than what you think or even think!"

"Shut up!"

Qin Luo sheathed his sword and stopped attacking the Undead Lich whose health points had recovered to their peak.

"I've never doubted your ability. I've never underestimated you!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and said seriously, "If a dignified necromancer was killed by me in two or three moves, I would be looking down on the priests of the Temple of the Tragic Moon and the experts who came to seek information!"

"Oh? It seems like you've already made preparations. You're confident!"

The Undead Lich looked at Qin Sheng in surprise, and the corners of his lips curled up slightly. "Then I'm very curious. What other trump cards do you have? Could it be that the golden flames which possess the holy attribute, which even I feel palpitating, the might of the dragon race, and the high-level dark power are just your ordinary powers?"

Qin Luo did not reply. He merely took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

“… Non… Extinguishing… Battle… Will…”

"Ding, Boiling Fighting Spirit detected. Condition fulfilled. Undying Battle Intent has been successfully activated. Your Attack Power + 71392 (X is level * Strength = 32 * 2231). Obtained 100% absolute Critical Hit, Attack Range + 3 meters (X is level / 10 * Class Advancement number = 32 / 10 * 1)!"

An increase of more than 70,000 damage!

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng's physical attack had already exceeded 100,000!

However!

This was not enough!

Far from enough!

If he wanted to kill the Lich, he had to use all his abilities!

After all.

Although this fella was only an Epic Boss, he was definitely no less difficult to deal with than the Legendary True Dragon. It was not only because he was fighting with his real body but also because of his unpredictable abilities.

Now.

The other augmentation skills faded away, leaving only three minutes of Holy Flame to persist.

The battle just now was just a warm-up.

Next.

The Lich was about to use his true power. If he wasn't careful, he might be killed instantly or restrained by the dark energy.

“What surging battle intent!”

The undead lich looked at Qin Sheng, who had activated the Undying Battle Intent, and exclaimed, "You remind me of someone, the man who once stopped me from killing the emperor of the tower kingdom and cut through my dark armor, the man who defeated me with heavy injuries, the great general who commanded the millions of lions of the tower kingdom!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo Sheng said expressionlessly, "Then I will let you witness a slash stronger than the Great General you speak of."

"Oh? What a confident fellow!"

The Lich laughed. "I'll wait and see!"

“… Dragon… Blood… Burn… Death…”

The Dragon God's blood in his body boiled and started burning. The supreme God's blood spread with the might of a god.

In an instant, it was as if something was rampaging within Qin Luo's body. The surface of his body was also twisted, making him look especially terrifying.

Ding… Dragon Blood Ignition has been successfully used. All your attributes + 199%, Attack + 199%, Defense + 199%, Speed + 199%, Attack Speed + 199%, Additional Frenzy effect, Pain Reduction, nullified by Attacker's Pain Block. At the same time, Attack has a Plunder effect. It can absorb the target's life force to replenish one's physical strength. Duration: 30 minutes! '

"This feeling is really exciting!"

Ignoring the prompt from the system, Qin Luo Sheng could already feel the surging power within his body!

"Burning the dragon blood?"

The undead lich was experienced and knowledgeable, and immediately saw through Qin Luo's skill. "What a high purity of dragon blood. Dragon King? No, at least Dragon Emperor level!—Kid, who exactly are you? Why do you have Dragon Emperor blood in your body?"

Dragon Emperor?

Qin Luo smiled evilly.

The dragon blood in his body was the blood of the Dragon God. What was a mere Dragon Emperor?

Could the blood of the Dragon Monarch produce such a terrifying amplification?

The ability of Dragon Blood Burning Death had even surpassed [Sky Martial], [Sacred Body], [Divine Flash], and [Spiritual Wisdom]. How could the fusion of these four highest-level skills give birth to [Holy Flames] so easily?

This explosive ability was enough to turn a trash into an expert. Its grade was at least at the Legendary stage. It might even be an unprecedented Mythical stage!

With such a skill, it was more than enough to deal with an Ancient BOSS like you!

“… Blood… Boiling… Teng…”

Hit the snake seven inches!

Since he was already prepared to go all out and unleash the amplification skill with great side effects, Qin Sheng naturally would not hide it anymore.

"Ding… Blood Boiling has been successfully used. All attributes + 50%, basic blood absorption effect + 20%. At the same time, your blood absorption ability will be doubled (currently 60%). Your control over blood will be greatly increased. Any attack that touches the surface of your body will activate the power of blood, rupture your blood vessels, and cause bleeding effect. Once the target bleeds, the amount of blood will be doubled, and the bleeding cannot be stopped. As the amount of blood is increased, it will gradually decrease by a percentage of all attributes!"

"Come on, Undead Lich, the second half of the battle begins!"

Qin Luo Sheng moved and was about to kill the Lich.

Even without the Snake Movement Steps and Leopard Stab, the Holy Flames were still there and the Dragon-Burning Death had just been activated. Its speed increased by 398% and was even faster than before!

However!

Just as Qin Sheng was about to reach the Lich, he suddenly felt a weight on his body. Like a magnet beneath him, he fell from the sky.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Ding… your flight ability has failed! '

Tsk!

A slip of the tongue!

He had actually forgotten about this!

The flying ability granted by the Spiritual Light Cloak had a time limit!

"Hahahaha… I see!"

The lich, who had been alarmed by Qin Sheng's actions, started laughing wildly when he saw Qin Sheng fall into the ground. "This is the restriction of mortals. If you can't even fly, what can you use to fight me?"

What answered the Lich was the high-pitched cry of an eagle.

"Triple Eagle Stomp!"

Qin Luo flipped his body over and exerted strength with both his feet. With a stomp, the air that was originally empty seemed to have an actual object under his feet.

In an instant.

His body turned into a stream of light. Like an eagle spreading its wings, he borrowed the force in the air and charged under the laughing Undead Lich. The [Coiling Dragon Water] 's blade was cold as it slashed down heavily.