Chapter 415: The Battle Begins

Was this the big boss?

Tsk!

What an awesome Krassu!

He was invincible!

Level 42, exactly 10 levels above him, a Level 32 weakling warrior!

Dual-cultivation of magic and martial arts was expected.

It was understandable for a Lich to focus on demonic cultivation.

But what was with his health points?

You are a f*cking Mage, you fragile chicken!

3.5 million Health Points?

NMLGB dog system!

Are you kidding me?

Furthermore!

Both attacks were also ridiculous—

Physical attacks almost broke through 10,000, and demonic attacks reached 28,000?

With my current magic defense, isn't this just a random skill that can instantly kill me?

Hah!

I won't be satisfied until I die, right?

For such a powerful BOSS, if you told me that it was a BOSS with an S mission difficulty, I'm afraid that even SSS or even SSS would be qualified?

The worst was—

The most disgusting attribute was the ability of the Lich!

If he didn't show his hands, it would be enough for Qin Sheng to show his hands.

First hand, the ability to fly freely. How could an air force pilot fight an infantryman like him?

The second song easily bound the two Great Strength Warriors, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, easily throwing their bodies, which weighed "tons", out like trash???

"Looks like you're very surprised!"

As an expert at guessing people's minds, Qin Sheng's emotions that were revealed on the surface naturally could not escape the eyes of the Undead Lich. "I feel a prying gaze. You must have 'seen' my strength. How about it? Do you want to change your mind? I can make an exception and give you one last chance."

"Don't make it sound so perfect."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and raised the Coiling Dragon Li Water. He pointed his sword at the lich. "It's still unknown who will win!"

"Hmph, stubborn fool!"

After being rejected once, the Undead Lich was unhappy. He snorted coldly and said, "In that case, let me send you to hell!"

"Strong Gale Pellet!"

"Strong Steel Medicine!"

“Strong Berserk Potion!” (Increase Physical Attack by 20%!)

"Potential Potion!"

"Li Water!"

"Strong Water Demon Pill!"

Bam!

Qin Luo Sheng swallowed two pills in one go and drank three bottles of medicine!

If not for the fact that the Lich was about to attack and had no time to prepare, he would have used his most powerful charm.

“You’re relying on medicinal pills to temporarily increase your strength to resist me?”

The Undead Lich narrowed his eyes at Qin Sheng's actions and laughed disdainfully. "You can't knock me down with external help!"

"Don't worry, you'll suffer later!"

With a dodge, Qin Luo easily dodged the Lich's probing magic ball. His entire body glowed.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

After some maneuvering.

Qin Luo Sheng held two golden swords and pointed them at the lich. "Now, can I defeat you?"

The Lich was livid!

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng did not give him a chance to talk nonsense. Time was of the essence for the augmentation skill, so he charged straight over!

"Spiritual Light Cloak, Spiritual Light, 5!"

After expending all 10 Spiritual Lights that he had accumulated, Qin Sheng also obtained the ability to fly. His body was like an arrow that left the bow as he charged towards the Undead Lich.

"Instant Slash!"

Ten meters flashed by.

The Lich did not expect that the ant-like existence in his eyes would explode with such terrifying power that made his heart palpitate. It could also fly and teleport.

Caught off guard, he was instantly hit.

-1,48556!

A six-digit damage appeared above the Lich’s head, almost exceeding 150,000!

"Oh, this is really nothing much!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled evilly and violently.

With his full power, his right hand with [Pan Long Li Water] had more than 150,000 Physical Attack. He could really do whatever he wanted to a mere 5,000 points of Physical Defense!

"Gaze of Death!"

-700000!

"Dragon Might!"

-700000!

Who was the Lich? He was the mastermind, the Big Boss!

It was already impressive that he had been successfully ambushed. How could his reaction be that slow?

The moment Qin Luo's attack landed, he had already started moving.

Yet.

Qin Sheng, who had long since adjusted his condition to the best condition, had already reached an unprecedented peak in his combat awareness. How could he possibly watch helplessly as the 'fish' that had finally gotten close to him flew away?

He glared at the Undead Lich as if he was staring at the God of Death. The powerful Dark Force spread out and caused the Undead Lich to freeze!

Then…

The blood of the Dragon God burned as the supreme dragon might burst forth, full of intimidation.

In just a moment, the Lich's attributes decreased by 40% and he was stunned for a second.

Seizing this opportunity!

Qin Luo turned around and flew behind the lich.

"Shadow Stab!"

The sharp tip of the sword pierced the back of the Lich's head.

The special request was fulfilled!

The Lich was stunned again!

This was seamless control!

"Berserk Strike!"

He gathered his strength for a second and slashed down heavily.

-384,552!

"Ding! Your skill Berserk Strike has taken effect, causing serious injuries to the Lich. All attributes will be reduced by 10%!"

Tsk!

Upon hearing the notification from the system, Qin Luo Sheng almost blurted out vulgarities.

Another 10% reduction?

Was the BOSS's resistance too good or was I just too unlucky?

Still.

Losing 10% was not a big deal.

After all, they were Dark-type creatures. So what if they were Undead Liches? So what if they were powerful Epic Bosses? They were still subdued.

"Hunting Tiger!"

The Undead Lich's attack was reduced by 30%!

"Ding… Hunting Tiger has been successfully activated. Lich's attack power -30%, 2 seconds of fear!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Shouldn't he be afraid for five seconds?

Indeed!

Powerful control effects had the Boss immunity and weakening effect!

Qin Luo Sheng even suspected that if not for the fact that Hunting Tiger was a skill derived from [Sky Martial], it might have lasted for two seconds, but for one second, or even—not taking effect!

"Hello!"

Looking at the Lich who had just flown a few meters away and had yet to run out of range, terrified because of the hunting tiger, Qin Luo Sheng moved over with a smile and raised the [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] in his hand. A golden feast erupted!

“Vicious Destruction!”

Attacking an idiot was akin to breaking his legs. Attacking an insanely powerful BOSS like the Lich of the Undead was naturally to weaken his attack power and break his hands.

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

Three strikes landed on the right arm of the Lich.

Crack!