Chapter 411: The Darkness Of The Tarling Country, The Reason For The Annihilation Of The Country (3)

“I crazily pounced over and chopped off the head of that bastard who was lying on my little sister’s body. However, that was all.”

"Although those guys were drunk, they were not as good as me as a young fisher. Killing one of them in a sneak attack was already commendable. They were soon subdued."

"I was trampled on the ground. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't get up. The foot that stepped on me was like a huge mountain. It made me despair."

"At this moment, the crying little sister saw me and called me with a broken heart, 'Second Brother!' I heard the familiar voice of that ruffian again. 'Yo, so it's this kid. I'm familiar with him. When we entered Sarah Island, His Lordship took a fancy to his sister. His sister-in-law and wife are quite good-looking too. It's hard to imagine that this family is actually fishermen from that godforsaken place on Sarah Island!"

"Another ruffian soldier said, 'You're right. This kid's sister-in-law and wife taste really good. My team and I are very satisfied!'

"One of them smiled and said," You bunch of beasts. Two out of ten people? "

“Then you’re wrong,” the ruffian said proudly. “At that time, I was leading three squads. Including me, there were a total of twenty-seven people! It couldn’t be helped. Those two women were really not bad. Their subordinates took down the cubs. Even if there were other girls in the houses nearby, they didn’t touch them. They just wanted to play with them. However, these two girls are indeed people who often go into the water to fish. Their bodies are really tough. We brothers went through them one by one, but they still didn’t die. In the end, I was merciful and broke their necks.”

"Jiehahahaha… What a great mercy!"

“I roared like a wild beast, my body moving crazily. My hands continuously pounded the ground, and even my lips were bitten off, revealing my shattered gums. Even my teeth were shattered. I wanted to crawl up and kill these animals.”

“But, these guys aren’t just ordinary soldiers. They’re also warriors sent by that damned noble to protect his idiotic lord’s son. How can an ant like me break free?”

"To these bloodthirsty beasts, they do not fear life at all. Even when I killed their comrades, they did not react at all. Instead, toying with an ant like me would bring them joy."

"So, the ruffian soldier said, 'Killing him is boring. Do you want to play a game?'

"The group of animals immediately agreed, and the ruffian soldier made a suggestion: This kid was able to escape from the battlefield, and now he delivered himself to us. It seems that he cares a lot about his sister. How about we play with his sister in front of him? Wouldn't that be great?"

"Everyone laughed maniacally like a devil. One of the ruffians even suggested, 'Let us sacrifice ourselves and put on a show for this guy. Let's take turns, one round after another, until this girl dies. How about it? Let's see who can last longer, and who can win more? If it's not his turn, then let's broaden that kid's horizons. I want him to see every move he makes and watch it all. Let's see how we kill his sister!'"

“Thus, I was forced to open my eyes and personally witness my little sister taking her last breath after being ravaged by a bunch of animals.”

Qin Qin Sheng and the others were all stunned.

The younger girls from the Rose Society who were still protected in the ivory tower turned pale. They bent down and retched!

Hell was empty. The devil was on earth.

A gust of cold wind blew past their hearts, making everyone present shiver involuntarily.

Looking at the calm but indifferent Lich, he was like a god that was about to unleash his wrath.

Everyone knew that the Lich was furious and violent.

The Undead Lich, who had been completely possessed, was no longer the simple fishing boy from the island. He was an avenger, a Destroyer, and a Devil!

"Do you still want to listen?"

The undead lich took in the expressions of Qin Sheng and the others. Facing their complicated gazes that contained the most sympathy, it ignored them and said in a soft and gentle tone, "My story is not over yet!"

"Listen!"

Qin Luo took another deep breath and said with a solemn expression, "Please continue!"

“Father and big brother died tragically on the battlefield, mother was killed, sister-in-law and wife were raped to death, and my only little sister was raped to death in front of me. At that time, my world was dark and gloomy. You don’t know what it felt like to be so hopeless that even sorrow wouldn’t rise.”

"I was like a dead dog, paralyzed on the ground. At that moment, I was already dead. I couldn't even think of taking revenge. I was completely dead. All I wanted was to escape, to leave this hell-like world."

"However, the more I'm like this, the more those demons don't kill me. They want to see me as a walking corpse, living in a nightmare for the rest of my life, unable to extricate myself."

"I was thrown into prison and survived like a maggot. It was like they were playing a game. Every day, they took turns to 'serve' me. They fed me water and filled me with food. They were afraid that I would die of hunger and thirst."

“I don’t know how much time has passed, but the current Crown Prince has arrived. Quite a few prisoners have been released from the cells around me. It’s said that the Crown Prince is benevolent and has come to patrol the world to correct wrongdoings.”

"I was also extracted. He asked me, and I answered. I was the court's judge of those demons. I didn't even let off that evil lord. Heh, the crown prince was indeed very angry. He said that he would definitely investigate to the end."

"I thought that hope had come. The vengeful spirits of Sarah Island might be able to rest in peace this time, and my great hatred could finally be avenged. In less than two days, I was taken out of the prison cell. The prison head who let me go told me that the crown prince had already investigated and captured all of them to clear my name. Now, he will set me free."

"Heh, I was foolish enough to believe it at the time. Do you know where I was taken later on? A laboratory filled with all kinds of corpses. That group of ruffians, the lord, and the prince that I think is benevolent were all there. They looked at me and sneered. They seemed to be laughing at me for being stupid and overestimating myself."

“I was pushed onto the autopsy table. At that time, I finally came to my senses. What dogshit benevolence? What dogshit Crown Prince? Since ancient times, they have always been protected by officials. How could the imperial family harm the nobles and kill the martial artists because of us commoners? Hahaha…”

…

【删除】