Chapter 410: The Darkness Of The Tarling Country, The Reason For The Annihilation Of The Country (2)

"Guess what I saw when I returned to Furious Sea City. What did I encounter?"

Qin Luo and the others fell silent upon hearing this seemingly amused yet emotionless sentence.

To be able to cause the Lich to fall into darkness and take revenge at all costs for the rest of his life, not only did he want to kill the noble who harmed his family, but he also wanted to destroy his homeland. It was unimaginable what would happen.

"The feudal lord returned with a great victory. First, there was a bloody reckoning, and then he rewarded the three armies. I took advantage of the lax security and successfully infiltrated the feudal lord's residence with the weapons and armor that I used as cannon fodder."

"I sneaked my way here and found a dungeon. After assassinating two guards, everything in front of me made my eyes hurt."

"The people imprisoned in the dungeon are not criminals or defeated soldiers, but women. All of them are women. All of them are naked and tortured until they don't look like humans or ghosts."

"Hehe, do you know how they reacted when they saw me?"

"When they saw a stranger like me wearing the same armor as the other soldiers of the Lord's Mansion, except for a small portion of them who were screaming and hiding in fear, the rest had empty eyes and were motionless like puppets."

The hairs on Qin Luo and the others immediately stood on end as their blood ran cold.

He could really imagine that scene.

The others might not know, but Qin Luo had managed to connect the dots.

In his previous life on Earth, there was a period of darkness in his motherland. When he was invaded by an animal nation, many women were treated like this by the soldiers.

The black and white photos of countless crimes, blood, and tears made every descendant of the motherland gnash their teeth in anger.

This hatred, this hatred, we who enjoy the success of our ancestors to conquer the land and chase away the invaders, will remember it in our hearts and never forget it. If this generation cannot do it, then the next generation, the next generation, the next generation, will pass it down generation by generation. If we do not take revenge for this, the heroic souls sacrificed, the tortured souls will never rest in peace.

"Oh, looks like you're very different!"

Qin Luo Sheng's strange behavior was instantly captured by the undead lich. "This anger, this hatred, this killing intent, this violence… Not bad, not bad at all. Have you seen hell on earth before?"

"Continue!"

Qin Sheng took two deep breaths and suppressed the rage in his heart. However, his hands, which were holding the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred Battles Blood Soldier, were already tightly clenched.

“I opened the door to the prison where they were imprisoned and frantically searched for my little sister. However, after searching for over three hundred people, I still couldn’t find her. However, I found the villager who lived on Sarah Island with my little sister, the playmate who grew up with her. At that time, she was already on the verge of death. Her body was covered in wounds, and half of her bones were broken.”

"When I saw her miserable state, I was stunned. Even though I was already prepared and knew that my little sister would not have a good ending after falling into the hands of those animals, the scene before me is still unacceptable."

"When she breathed her last, she told me where my little sister was. I frantically ran out of the dungeon and towards the Lord's Mansion's attic. Not long ago, my little sister was forcefully pulled out of the dungeon by those bastards. They said that they were going to attend the celebration banquet to congratulate the soldiers who had returned victorious."

"I ran like crazy all the way. Everywhere I went, the soldiers got drunk. With the protection of the same armor, I was not stopped. It allowed me to run smoothly to the attic."

"At the door, I heard the cries of the women in the attic. Many, many. It was very miserable. At that moment, the beautiful and luxurious attic was like an open demon's mouth in my eyes, the gates of hell."

"I heard my little sister's cries. I kicked open the door. Guess what I saw?—In the huge hall of the attic, cups and plates were being borrowed like wolves. There were torn rags everywhere. Dozens of soldiers were naked and pressing down on the women who were screaming in pain. They were doing something indecent."

"In the crowd, I saw my little sister. My little sister is only fourteen years old, but she's surrounded by five men. Three of them, I won't forget even if I turn into ashes. They're the ruffians who fled to Sarah Island with that damned Lord!"

"Guess what I heard? I heard my pure and kind sister's face filled with tears. She cried out in despair," Please let me go. I don't want it anymore. I don't want it anymore. Father, Mother, Big Brother, Second Brother, I'm in so much pain, so much pain! "

"Guess what I heard again? I heard those who heard my little sister's pleas and laughed wildly. With a face full of greed and malevolence, I said," Little girl, stop shouting. Even if you shout until your throat is broken, no one will come to save you. The people of Sarah Island died the night before we set out. Your family is also inside. Yes, I have to say that you sea monkeys often swim. You're just tough and fun to play with. You're not like those delicate women in the city. Your skin will turn green and your bones will break. "

"Someone else chimed in." Yes, you should be honored to serve us. Otherwise, you'll die after we're done, just like those lowly commoners on Sarah Island. "

"Someone else said," You guys are really lucky. Such a top-quality woman actually played so much on Sarah Island. This little girl was given to us by His Lordship when he got tired of her. Wow, I can't imagine how beautiful the girl His Lordship played with was. "

"Jiehahahaha… What a beautiful speech that makes one tremble uncontrollably… Jiehahaha…"

An indescribable laughter burst out.

Qin Luo Sheng immediately felt a chill run down his spine from his feet to the top of his head!

Terrifying!

It was really too scary!

At this moment, the Undead Lich was surrounded by black gas and there was a distorted shadow behind him. It was spreading all kinds of evil thoughts like violence, killing intent, and destruction. Even the bright moonlight and the Moonlight God Stone could not suppress it and were devoured continuously.

He was possessed!

Completely possessed!

The memories that he was unwilling to face were triggered, and the Lich could not help but rage!

"Hey…"

Just as the battle was about to break out at any moment, Qin Luo suddenly took a step forward and looked at the face of the undead lich, whose handsome features could still be seen even though he was cold and twisted, because the moonlight had been washed away by the black gas. He asked seriously, "What happened after that?"

Immediately!

Brutal Axe Slash! The girls from the Rose Society were dumbfounded!

Later?

I'll give you a hard time!

Was this the time to listen to stories?

He was about to fly into a rage, bastard!

As our main attacker, our only hope is that we can be more reliable at the critical moment?

"Interesting!"

The words "what happened next" pulled back the Lich who was on the verge of going berserk. He squinted at Qin Sheng and smiled. "Then, let's continue!"