Chapter 414: The Power Of The Lich

Should I take my anger out on my family?

Qin Luo was not in a position to answer either.

That was a difficult question.

After a few seconds of silence, Qin Luo Sheng did not reply. Instead, he asked, "You should know how to sit consecutively, right? When the royal family is destroyed, even the princes and princesses are like lambs, either slaughtered or at the mercy of others."

“It’s fine if it’s a man, but what about a woman? She’ll live in nightmares for the rest of her life. If she’s not treated as a concubine, then she’ll be treated as a concubine. Thousands will ride her, and thousands will ride her.”

“And if you take revenge on those enemies, how are they compared to the royal family? Even the royal family can’t escape their tragic fate, so what are they?”

“Family? Hehe! Since you’ve enjoyed their demon-like sons, everything that their husbands and fathers have brought, then those who have been robbed of everything have the qualifications to take them back!”

The Undead Lich laughed. "I like you more. You are indeed my soulmate. You are the only one who is on the same path as me! So, one last question: Should I destroy the Taling Kingdom?"

Qin Luo fell silent once more. After a long while, he raised his head and replied, "I don't know!"

"You don't know?" The Lich frowned. "Why don't you know? Or maybe it's because you're not desperate enough. The hell you've experienced is not cruel enough!"

"No, that's not it!"

Qin Luo shook his head. "The positions of people are different, so the thoughts and considerations are naturally different as well. I have no right to comment on the war between you and the Tarling Nation. Of course, this doesn't mean that those extinct animals were wrong to kill, and that you were wrong to take revenge as well. From your point of view, no matter what you do, it's right. But those citizens of the Tarling Nation, especially those citizens of the Furious Sea City whom you're more familiar with, are truly innocent."

The Lich narrowed his eyes. "Tell me, what should I do?"

Qin Luo shrugged. "I've said before that whatever you want to do, from your point of view, is correct. I won't comment on it! However—"

"But what?" the Lich asked.

"However, from my point of view, I must stop you!" Qin Sheng said seriously, "After all, I've accepted a big mission. The target is you!"

“It seems that I’ve overestimated you. You’re just like those maggots, the lackeys of the royal family and nobles!”

The Undead Lich let out a heavy breath and his eyes turned cold. "If that's the case, let's see how it goes! Although you have reminded me of those horrible memories, I took the opportunity to absorb a lot of moonlight to recover."

"Is that so?"

Qin Luo said, "I already knew about this!"

“You know?”

The pupils of the Undead Lich constricted. "How dare you not stop me? It seems that you are very confident!"

"No, I just want to hear your story. I want to know why you would do something so crazy like destroying a country. That's all!"

Qin Luo replied with a shrug.

“Then you heard me. Any ideas?”

The Lich asked.

"Thoughts? A little!"

Qin Luo Sheng tilted his head and thought about it before replying honestly.

In fact.

He was also reminded of the past memories from his previous life. Even though he had not experienced it personally, he was still extremely furious in his heart. He urgently needed to vent it out and fight properly.

"Since you can empathize with me, why are you stopping me?"

The Lich roared, "You're still working for the decadent royals and dirty nobles?"

"No, no, no!"

Qin Luo shook his head. "I won't sell my life for anyone. I'm just me. I only do what I want to do!"

"You sure are arrogant!"

The Lich sneered. "Without absolute power, you are not even qualified to protect those you want to protect, let alone freedom!"

"You're right about that!"

Qin Qin Sheng nodded his head. "Only absolute power can control everything. The pain my country suffered in the past, as well as your experience, was because it was weak, too weak. That's why it was like this!"

“If you want to change your fate, if you want to not be humiliated, then you must grit your teeth and give it your all. Use all means to become stronger.”

Qin Luo took a deep breath. He could not help but think of the ancestors of the GM who had slaughtered their way out of mountains of corpses and seas of blood. Even if they lacked clothes and food, even if their leaders only ate meat once a week, they had to grit their teeth and improve their technology. They had to study YZD so that their country would no longer be bullied and humiliated. They would not repeat the mistakes of the decadent MQ Dynasty and become meat on someone else's chopping board. They could not resist and could only be slaughtered.

“So powerful that your enemies are afraid of you. So powerful that they don’t even dare to think about going against you. So powerful that others can only look up to you. They don’t even have the qualifications to look up to you. So powerful that you can exterminate everything with a wave of your hand.”

"Well said!"

The Lich shouted, "It's a pity that I realized this too late. It's rare for you to understand this at your age. Unfortunately, you're too young. Even if you understand this, you don't have the time to settle down and work hard to achieve your goal. Now, I'm giving you a chance. You and I are destined to be the same kind of people. As long as you help me, I can promise you anything."

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head. "You and I are different!"

"Is that so? What a pity!" The Lich sighed. "If that's the case, I'll have to ask you to sleep here for a long time. Don't worry, we're fated. I'll leave your corpse intact and not enslave your soul."

"Oh, then I'll thank you first!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. He took a deep breath and his gaze turned stern. "Then, come!"

The Undead Lich leaped down from the head of the gigantic Moon God Statue that was tens of meters tall. A faint black aura surrounded his body and floated in the air like a devil descending.

"Sir!"

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, who had been silent all this while, instinctively wanted to welcome him.

"You may leave!"

The Lich extended his hand and two black halos shot out, binding the 30-meter tall, muscular, and powerful Barbarian Warriors and throwing them aside.

"This battle is between me and him. Don't participate!"

Qin Luo, who was in the midst of using the Probing Skill, nodded his head and shot a look at Sanguine Primrose, "That's right, this is a battle between me and him, don't participate!"

Coincidentally.

Qin Luo could not find an excuse for a one-on-one fight as he was afraid that the Lich would find trouble with a group of girls.

Now that he had taken the initiative to bring it up, he naturally couldn't ask for more.

[Undead Lich (Epic Boss)]

Level: 42

Health Points: 3,500,000

Mana: 1200000

Physical Attack: 9500

Magic Attack: 28,000

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 10,000

Speed: 2,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Undead Lich. Unknown origins. A terrifying dark creature that rose up in the past ten years. It successfully evolved from a dark Magus to a terrifying Lich. It became close to death, embraced the darkness, and became an undead Lich. Ten years ago, it attacked the third battalion of the Towering Kingdom and killed hundreds of thousands of soldiers and generals. It summoned the Undead Army and used it to attack the Furious Sea City. It massacred the entire city and shocked the continent. For ten years, it annihilated the eighteen cities of the Towering Kingdom. Every time, it turned the entire city into a death zone and turned all living creatures into undead. Due to its actions, it successfully ranked seventh on the continent's bounty rankings.

Qin Sheng:…