Chapter 423: Qin Crazy Luo Sheng

"— How about this sword? Please take a look!"

How was it?

How dare he ask?

The Lich was furious!

He had never seen such a shameless person!

A young man doesn’t care about martial virtue. He’s trying to launch a sneak attack, but he’s still acting so self-righteously. I was too careless and didn’t dodge. I just wanted to say that a rat is juice!

Buzz…

+ 100000!

The black light from the Curtain of the Undead shone on the body of the Undead Sky Demon, replenishing the health points that Qin Sheng had just cut off and also repairing the burning body of the Holy Flame.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo was stunned.

All of them had balls?

With a BUG like the Undead Sky Screen, he could absorb energy at any time to recover. Unless he killed the Undead Lich in one hit, it was basically impossible to kill him.

"Wait a while, wait a while more!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with malevolence. Seeing that there was still nearly 20 seconds of flight time left, he suddenly charged forward. "Even if the Undead Lich's strength has improved greatly after evolving, I'm not someone to be trifled with. In my current state, I can completely oppress him with just the data on the interface!"

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Everyone could fly. In that case, it would be a test of speed and coordination, control, and so on!

In terms of speed, Qin Sheng naturally had an unparalleled advantage.

Although Qin Sheng did not have the advantage in terms of coordination, the equipment that came with it could bring him some improvement. Even if he was not as good as the Undead Lich, he could still overcome this disadvantage with his extraordinary speed.

“This bastard is truly difficult to deal with!”

Qin Luo was like a rabid dog, biting the Lich relentlessly. Even though the Lich was used to fighting in the air and had much more experience in aerial combat than him, he was far behind in terms of speed. There was a sense of déjà vu of being chased by Qin Luo's "random punches to kill a master".

"This is the final battle!"

Crazy pursuit, crazy attacks!

The fierce attack that came at no cost resulted in the Undead Lich's pathetic state and reduced health greatly. However, due to the presence of the Undead Sky Screen, even though Qin Sheng chased after it with all his might, even giving up all his defense and attacking with all his might, his progress was still slow under the disgusting regeneration of 10 health points per second.

"Luckily, there is no one around to provide us with nutrients. Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash are almost drained of all their blood. The rest of them are protected by the energy shields formed by the tri-colored divine light. If not, I would have been a Muggle after hundreds of thousands of healing per second!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and took a hit from the energy ball that the Lich had given him. His health bar decreased by more than half and he was almost scared to death.

Too fierce!

The current Undead Lich, after evolving and removing the effects of the Weakening Skill, was at its peak. Its attacks were simply explosive.

If not for the Holy Flames and Dragon's Blood Ignition, he would have been instakilled with his original health and magic defense.

"We can't retreat. We can only attack. Otherwise, we won't stand a chance!"

Qin Luo did not even have time to drink the potion. He held back his half-dead body and continued to attack, fighting to the death.

As for the Lich of the Undead, even if it was just a simple attack that was effective, as a lich with a weaker body, it did not dare to face Qin Luo Sheng's sharpness directly and returned to its fleeing state.

Yet.

Once Pandora's box was opened, it would cause indescribable changes.

Just like the current Undead Lich.

He had always been being chased by Qin Sheng like a dog that had lost its master. In his mind, survival was the number one priority. As long as he was not in a desperate situation, he would not risk his life. He would only continue to run and exhaust himself. This was because he knew that Qin Sheng's current strength was only temporary and could not last long. If he persisted, he would win without fighting.

However, the attack just now had knocked away half a tube of Qin Sheng's blood. As a lich, it was rather sensitive to life and energy (in other words, blood and magic points). Naturally, it had sensed Qin Sheng's abnormality.

A casual attack had such a miraculous effect?

Then, if he were to do it again, would he be able to eliminate this despicable brat and obtain victory?

The moment this thought came to his mind, he could not contain it!

Hence!

The lich's silent heart started to stir.

"Come on, give me 10 seconds to ignore the attack of the Lich and do whatever I want!"

Qin Luo Sheng had been staring fixedly at the Lich the entire time. Naturally, he could tell that Qin Luo's actions before and after were inconsistent. He was very clear that it was definitely because of the attack just now that this fellow's confidence had increased greatly. He wanted to change his strategy from constantly running away to avoiding battle to attacking at any time, wanting to take Qin Luo's life.

Like this.

On the contrary, Qin Luo Sheng was overjoyed!

Wasn't that exactly what he wanted?

"Jade Bone!"

"Ice Skin!"

Instantly.

Qin Luo Sheng's health points and defense had skyrocketed. The 70,000 plus health points that he had lost from the attack of the Lich of the Undead had also been replenished immediately, returning him to his peak state.

"Dark Ray!"

At this moment, the Lich was extremely cooperative and wanted to strike!

A beam filled with terrifying dark power penetrated Qin Sheng's chest like a laser.

-108441!

Hiss…

Qin Luo gasped.

What a ferocious single target killing skill!

Damn it!

With one hit, he dealt six-digit damage. If not for the increase in all his attributes, plus the fact that his health points had doubled and recovered to full, he would have been killed instantly.

However!

Taking the blow head-on was not a bad thing!

That was because the Undead Lich had charged up his power to execute this sure-kill technique, causing his body to stagnate and not move. Furthermore, due to the sudden explosion of energy, his body was slightly stiff.

This was…

An opportunity!

Qin Luo Sheng did not hesitate to unleash an instant slash and caught up to the Lich.

"Lich, you're finished!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with malevolence as he raised his sword and slashed down. Two single-handed swords with golden flames slashed out crazily. Terrifying sword qi shot out one after another as the sword exploded and landed on the frail body of the Lich of the Undead. Each strike brought about a huge six-digit yellow damage, and it started with a six-digit "5". It was extremely violent!

Swish!

Not only did he fail to exterminate the enemy, he even placed himself in a dangerous situation.

The Lich did not hesitate. The moment it recovered, it immediately ran away and disappeared under Qin Sheng's sword.