Chapter 429: Moonlight Stone, The Last Trump Card Of The Lich

"The power of a god is different from that of a Moon God, but it's on the same level as that of a Moon God. No, it's even a level higher!"

The undead I wanted to tremble all over and cried out in fear, “Could… could it be, he, he is, is a dead god?”

The moment the two words ‘Death God’ were spoken, the temperature in the originally incomparably cold Moon God Hall immediately plummeted.

The two brothers, Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, instantly lowered their heads and faced the ground, pretending to be dead!

The Blood Rose and Blood Rose, the two remaining girls of the Rose Society, were shocked. Even though they did not know the details, they were terrified to the point of trembling when they saw the Undead Lich. Coupled with the name of God, the reputation of Death, and their instinctive fear under the pressure of the Death God's shadow, they were extremely terrified.

She widened her beautiful eyes and could not help but look at the man. Looking at his back, which was not wide but was as tall as a mountain, her gaze became extremely complicated.

He’d originally thought that he’d overestimated himself, overestimated himself, and overestimated himself. However, all along the way, he’d noticed that all the overestimations he’d made were actually underestimations.

Especially the battle with the Lich, which lasted less than three minutes, completely shattered their understanding and crushed them again.

To them, to the current players, such a battle was like a battle between gods. Forbidden spells, legions, domains, and so on were even summoned!

Was this something that players could come into contact with?

However, this man, Weeping Soul, was really a player!

They were not in the same channel at all. Their strengths were on completely different levels.

Even the proud and arrogant Sanguine Primrose, who did not get along with Weeping Soul Beast, who felt that his values and outlook on life were somewhat distorted, was completely convinced at this moment. To go against a man who was at least as mysterious as a ghost at this point in time was an extremely unwise decision.

"Lalla, Lich!"

Qin Luo Sheng barely managed to keep his body from collapsing. Apart from the fatigue on his body, he was also resisting the mental corrosion brought about by the negative effects of the Death God. He had no time to care about the undead lich that was already like a dead person. "Death God's embrace, go!"

Following Qin Sheng's command, the illusory figure of the Death God that had no consciousness held on to his will, opened its arms and embraced the Lich!

"No, that's impossible. I refuse to accept this!"

In the face of the Death God's Law of Death, the Lich was scared out of his wits. He used all his abilities and attacked the Death God.

However!

It was completely useless!

The Death God’s phantom was the highest level Law of Death. Once activated, how could it be destroyed by a power weaker than it? How could it be affected by a power weaker than it?

The hundred-meter tall shadow of the Death God slowly descended and enveloped the 1.5-meter tall Lich. In an instant, it was as if the sky had fallen!

-4,500,000!

A huge seven-digit damage number appeared above the Lich’s head!

Qin Sheng did not care about the other attributes. He only cared about the decrease in health points.

The Undead Lich only had a total of five million health points. Due to the bombardment of the forbidden spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance, it only had 70% health points. How could it withstand the embrace of the Death God? How could it reduce 90% of all attributes?

Instantly!

The Undead Lich died miserably under the Death Laws. In less than a second, he was dead!

Clang…

The illusory image of the Death God slowly dissipated, and the Moon God Hall returned to its original cold and desolate state. Only the incomparably bright moonlight descended from the sky, enveloping this miserable battlefield in a silver color, making it look extremely beautiful.

Clang…

Qin Sheng's last bit of determination had been withstood. Finally, the bitterness had come. In a split second, his body went limp and he half knelt down. Fortunately, he moved in time. His two swords were placed on the ground. With this support, he did not collapse and was barely standing.

"Is it over?"

Exhausted, both physical and mental strength were on the verge of collapse. The system might decide that he was in danger at any time and force him to go offline. It was just like when he was in the Beginner's Village and faced the battle where he lost the [Demon Blood Sacrifice], the Epic Boss Devil Mines, Elder Feng!

"No, no, it's not over yet!"

Qin Sheng suddenly recalled something and raised his head to look at the Lich who should have died on the spot. "There is no prompt from the system. There is no prompt for the Lich to be killed. This is not over. The battle is not over yet. That bastard Lich is not dead yet!"

"What an incredible ability!"

As expected, the iconic cold and sinister voice of the Undead Lich sounded again. "I didn't expect you to have a treasure that contains the power of Death! Almost, just a little bit more and I would have been killed by you!"

Qin Luo's heart sank!

He really didn't die!

The Lich was still alive!

Bastard!

What was going on?

If not for the fact that he had many augmentation skills and BUG skills, he would not even be qualified to fight against such a powerful Ancient BOSS.

Super magic attacks were the absolute nemesis of players with low magic defense!

Flying ability was an ability that 99.99% of current players did not have!

Forbidden spells, domains, summoning armies, and so on. These abilities were high-level abilities that current players could not come into contact with!

As such…

With all these factors combined, the Undead Lich, who appeared to be an Ancient BOSS on the surface, was at least a half-step Legendary existence!

If it wasn't for the fact that Qin Sheng was a hacker who relied on his extraordinary speed and the ability of the shadow warrior to make it difficult for the undead lich to unleash its full power, he would have long since defeated Ove.

It was done!

He had given it his all and used all his strength, but now?

Once, twice, thrice!

He revived three times!

This level of BOSS revived three times in his peak state?!!

Perhaps…

It was not just three times, but he could only force him to use three resurrection times!

Shameless?

Eh?

Was this the BOSS of an S-rank quest?

Tsk!

The Boss of the SSS mission was probably only this much?

"What a beautiful stone. If not for it, I would have really failed miserably today and fallen at the hands of a nobody like you!"

The Lich cackled and held a stone that was emitting silver light in his hand. His face was full of infatuation and pride. "You're very strong and good at hiding. You almost killed me. Unfortunately, you were one move too late. You've used all the forbidden spells and Death Laws. You don't have any trump cards, do you?"

"It's the same for me. My trump cards have all been revealed by a brat like you! However, no matter how much you calculate, you missed something."

Qin Luo tried his best to raise his head to look at it. He tried his best to make his already blurry eyes look towards the object that was being held up by the Lich of the Undead. It was a light stone that contained warmth and coldness.

"You should know what it is, right? This is the Moon God Stone that I obtained after breaking into the Moon God Temple, even though I suffered heavy injuries and my strength fell drastically!"