Chapter 421: An Evolved Lich

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… You're right. I used to be like this! But—"

The Undead Lich smiled and said, "However, I'm completely different now. I've lost everything long ago. I don't have this weakness anymore. Besides, revenge isn't just about revenge. Destroying the Towering Kingdom is not only about revenge, but also for the power of my Lich. For the sake of my thoughts and Dao heart, that's all!"

Qin Luo remained silent.

"Do you think that I destroyed the Towering Kingdom just for revenge? Wrong, very wrong!"

The Lich continued, "You have similar experiences as me. Otherwise, you wouldn't have released that aura and gaze after hearing my story. You and I share the same heart, hatred, and foundation. Our desire and persistence for power are not something that ordinary people can understand."

"Perhaps you are still very ignorant and not very clear-minded. When you reach my realm, you will know how beautiful and charming the vastness of the world is."

“Revenge? That’s just for show. What I want is to destroy my inner demons and sever my past. Once I accomplish that goal, I’ll be able to break through the Epic Saga shackles and reach the Legendary level. I might even be able to reach the Godmyth level.”

“Unfortunately, you won’t be able to see that day. Today, you’ll die here! Let your flesh and soul become my nourishment!”

Wu wu wu wu…

Endless ghost faces attacked once again. Miserable screams filled the entire sky.

"Tri-colored Godly Light, Defense!" (Tri-colored Godly Light, Defense: Release the tri-colored Godly Light, forming a gold, silver, bronze, and three-colored energy shield. The shield's surface size is X (Talent Level x Class Advancement Number), 1 meter. Increases X (Personal Defense Level x Talent Level x), Physical Magic Defense Points! Duration X (Talent Level x 10) seconds. Cooldown: 12 hours!)

It was impossible for Qin Sheng, who wielded two swords alone, to cut down at least hundreds of evil ghost faces surrounding him. He could protect himself, but the four "surviving" girls behind him would follow in the footsteps of the previous eleven and become nutrients for the revival of the undead lich.

Even though he did not like Sanguine Primrose, he felt that she was too cold and arrogant. Furthermore, she was as cunning as a fox and seemed to be able to see through him. However, she did not like the Blood Rose either. Because of her different values, she had forcefully rebutted him.

However…

Of the remaining two girls, one was as gentle as water and had the qualities of a virtuous wife and mother, while the other was a little sidekick, a little tail, and called her big brother, Peony of Allure.

Whether it was the agreement to protect them or the compassion he had for them, Qin Sheng would not abandon them if he could do it!

Knock, knock, knock…

The huge shield formed by the gold, silver, and bronze colors enveloped the four girls. A group of devil-masked faces charged over crazily and collided with the energy shield, producing a dull sound. However, they were unable to break through.

"Lich, is this all you've got?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the sky expressionlessly. He looked at the figure that had absorbed the essence blood of eleven girls, Man Chang and Man Zhan, the two barbarian warriors, and shouted coldly, "Since you're not coming down and want to be a coward, let me come and find you!"

Bang…

He half-squatted and then exerted force with his feet. Qin Sheng soared into the sky and charged straight at the Lich who had almost reconstructed his body!

"Tsk tsk, you're really ruthless. You dare to leave? Aren't you afraid that I'll take the opportunity to kill your lovers?"

The undead lich spat out words of dissension, attempting to Qin Luo's Heart.

Yet.

This was destined to be futile.

Qin Luo Sheng was not an idiot. In battle, one had to press forward with indomitable will. It was a great taboo to care about head and tail.

Besides.

He was facing an Undead Lich who had many tricks up his sleeve. If he was careless, he might die in the next second.

The energy shield of the tri-colored divine light could last for 50 seconds. For close to a minute, the Ghost Face could not break through the shield unless the Lich added the additional stakes. However, with him chasing after the Lich, how could the Lich be distracted?

"Come out!"

Qin Luo Sheng held two swords in his hands as he flew in the air. He raised his head and looked at the undead lich in the dark clouds. He raised his sword and shouted coldly. The golden radiance of the holy flames was filled with a sacred aura, making him look like a golden god in the endless devil's face.

"What an arrogant junior!"

The Undead Lich sneered. Having successfully reconstructed his body, he did not hide and flew straight out of the dark clouds. Looking at the expressionless, cold, and murderous Qin Sheng, he twisted his body and exhaled a mouthful of turbid air. "Still not as comfortable as before! Kid, without your weird weakening ability, let's see how much confidence you still have!"

Was the weakening ability gone?

Startled, Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly activated his detection technique!

[Undead Lich (Enhanced Epic Boss)]

Level: 42

Health Points: 50,000,000

Mana: 2200000

Physical Attack: 12,000

Magic Attack: 40,000

Physical Defense: 8000

Magic Defense: 20000

Speed: 3,200

Skills:???

Introduction: Undead Lich. Unknown origins. A terrifying dark creature that rose up in the past ten years. It successfully evolved from a dark Magus to a terrifying Lich. It became close to death, embraced the darkness, and became an undead Lich. Ten years ago, it attacked the third battalion of the Towering Kingdom and killed hundreds of thousands of soldiers and generals. It summoned the Undead Army and used it to attack the Furious Sea City. It massacred the entire city and shocked the continent. For ten years, it annihilated the eighteen cities of the Towering Kingdom. Every time, it turned the entire city into a death zone and turned all living creatures into undead. Due to its actions, it successfully ranked seventh on the continent's bounty rankings.

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

Not only did he revive completely, but he even went from an ordinary Epic to an enhanced Epic?

Health, Mana, Physical Attack…

All his attributes had been upgraded. He had even removed the debuff from Death's Gaze and Dragon Might, as well as the negative effects of Hunting Tiger and Brutal Strike.

How was he supposed to continue playing?

Even with the enhancement of the Holy Flames, Dragon Blood Igniting Death, Undying Battle Intent, and Seething Blood skills, it was impossible to kill a Lich completely undamaged within a short period of time.

“Damn you, are you planning to use the same trick again?”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was extremely gloomy. He thought of that fellow who called himself "Death God" and his ambition to occupy his own body. His mood was very bad.

However…

Besides using the embrace of Death, was there any other way to deal with the evolved Undead Lich?