Chapter 426: Forbidden Spell: Ice And Fire Dual Dragon Dance

"Tell me, how do we conduct this delightful torture?"

The Lich looked at the scene and laughed wildly.

"Hey, hey, don't steal the warden's lines!"

Qin Luo Sheng had no intention of letting go of the sword in his hand. He snorted coldly, "You want to torture me? I wonder who's the one torturing whom!"

As he spoke.

He turned around and looked at the four girls who had their limbs held up high as though they were awaiting punishment.

"Sorry, I might not be able to control you guys anymore!"

Qin Luo Sheng blurted out this cold-blooded and heartless sentence without any burden. It was cold and cruel!

"Sorry, it's our fault!"

"Sigh, we're the ones dragging you down! You don't have to care about us!"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, you can do it!"

"To be able to come this far, I've already profited. My level has increased by five or six levels, and I've also obtained so much equipment. Now, even if I die, it doesn't matter. It's just a drop in level. As for the equipment, it has already been transferred back through the Virtual Exchange Platform. It doesn't matter anymore!"

Knowing their current situation, the four girls did not have any reaction.

Anyway.

It was just a virtual game. So what if he died? It was just one level down. It was not like he could not afford to lose.

The Undead Lich would never have imagined that his invincible threats, teasing of his emotions, and playing with his fetters had met his ultimate nemesis—a player who was not afraid of death!

If you aren't afraid of death, what's the point of your threat?

"How touching!"

However, the Lich was unmoved. He smiled sinisterly and said, "Put away your useless performance. I've seen more dramas than you have eaten rice. Do you really think you can scare me like this? Do you want me to kill you so that the kid won't be afraid? Dream on!"

Qin Sheng:…

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Tanya Suhe:…

Peony of Allure: ╭

Blood Rose: ╭ (╯ ^ ╰) ╮

"Brother, you have too many scenes!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with black lines as he looked at the confident Lich. The corner of his mouth twitched involuntarily. Even at this solemn moment, he still couldn't help but want to laugh.

"I'm going to start, sorry!"

Qin Luo gripped the Coiling Dragon Li Water tightly. His gaze was cold as he looked at the Bloody Rose once more and apologized to them.

Next.

He would no longer have any scruples and completely treated the four of them as discarded pawns.

Even if it was just a game, death was different from real death. Doing so would be very hurtful. He still had to apologize!

"Do whatever you want to do. You really don't have to care about us!"

"Killing the Lich is the best reward for us. If we can kill an Ancient BOSS, we will die a worthy death!"

"Can you kill us? Although I want to continue watching the battle, that guy over there is clearly not very smart. He really thinks that his tricks will work on us players. He wants us to torture you so that you don't dare to act rashly. If that's the case, he might torture us like this. In comparison, it's better to go back early to settle things so that you can suffer less!"

"That's right, that's right! Big Brother Weeping Soul, you should do it. I don't want to die at the hands of that disgusting guy! Also, all the best!"

Qin Luo was silent!

The hand that had touched the earpiece, [Death's Embrace], was temporarily put down.

"If you have any defensive abilities, revival abilities or evasion abilities, try your best to use them. You might even survive!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth and instantly changed his strategy.

Before.

He wanted to deal with the Lich and kill him before dealing with the monsters. However, he changed his mind.

If he killed the summoned puppet monsters first, he might be able to summon more Undead Liches, but he might be able to save the four girls.

Sigh!

He had said that he had a heart of stone, but he did not expect that at the last moment, he could not help but soften.

"I'm not a heartless blue man after all!"

Qin Luo roared and squatted down. Borrowing the force of the violent impact, his body rose up instantly. He raised the [Coiling Dragon Water] in his hand and aimed it downwards.

"Undead Lich, watch carefully!"

The [Coiling Dragon Water] was bright and resplendent. Surrounded by the golden flames of the holy flames, the sword edge was red and blue. The two dragons rapidly swam about, and the two dragons played with the beads, emitting a terrifying energy as they rapidly formed.

In an instant.

Space fluctuated and energy surged. The entire Moon God Hall began to tremble as if an earthquake had descended.

"This… this energy is…?"

The confident expression on the Lich's face changed drastically. He looked in disbelief at [Coiling Dragon Water], which was leaping in the air. He said, "Forbidden Curse?"

Why?

Why a forbidden spell?

Wasn’t that an ultimate technique that could only be comprehended after advancing to the realm of Grand Magister?

Why did it appear on the body of an incomparably weak little demon? And this little demon was a warrior, not a mage!

"Damn it, what powerful energy!"

As a Great Archmagi who had also comprehended the Forbidden Curse, the Undead Lich was naturally very familiar with Forbidden Curse. Previously, his Sky Screen of the Undead was a small-scale Forbidden Curse, and the current Undead Calamity was also a Forbidden Curse. However, it was a Summoning and Domain type combination Forbidden Curse.

However…

In terms of power, his two forbidden spells were far inferior to the one he was about to face. They were filled with ice and fire, two forbidden spells that were incompatible with each other.

It was just the prelude, and it had not even been released yet, but it had already produced such a powerful effect. It was hard to imagine how terrifying it would be if it was truly released.

"How can a bunch of trash be called an army?"

After accumulating power, Qin Sheng's forbidden spell was ready to be unleashed. He looked at the dense mass of puppet monsters below and revealed a disdainful sneer. "Watch me destroy your so-called army with one move!—Forbidden Curse—Icefire Twin Dragon Dance!"

(Author’s Note: [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] consumes 10,000 Mana Points to activate the Water Fire Dragon Soul in the Coiling Dragon Water. Activates the Water and Fire Fusion Forbidden Spell. Explode within a 50 * 50 radius area, causing 500% basic damage. At the same time, there is a burning of 5,000 points per second. 5,000 Frost Damage. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 7 days!)

A super large area of 50x50, 500% damage, and a forbidden spell with a total of 10,000 points of Fire and Ice damage. How strong was it?

Qin Luo Sheng immediately saw it!

Even in his normal state, activating this forbidden spell was an explosive and heaven-defying feat. However, the current him had a 100% increase in all attributes from the Holy Flames, a 199% increase in all attributes from the Dragon-Burning Death, and nearly 300% increase in all attributes. His basic attack had tripled, and its power was simply explosive!

-1175000!

-1175000!

-1175000!

-1175000!

-1175000!

…