Chapter 428: Instant Kill Reappears, Unrivaled Combination Killing Method

"When it rains, it pours!"

Qin Luo could not help but complain.

He had just lost his ability to fly. Fortunately, the Undead Lich was killed by him in eight seconds before it lost its ability to fly.

But now, there was a new problem!

The legendary divine weapon [Coiling Dragon Li Water], which relied on its damage output, had its energy depleted after using a forbidden spell to kill the Undead Calamity Legion and was directly sealed.

As a warrior, how could he play without a sword?

Even though he said that he didn't have a sword, it wasn't really true!

Although the [Coiling Dragon Water] was sealed, it was still usable.

However!

The situation was very special!

Qin Luo was dissatisfied.

The special effect [Li Water] seal, the special effect [Dragon Fire] seal, there was nothing to say!

Additional Skill [Dragon Soul Impact] Seal, Additional Skill [Forbidden Curse: Icefire Twin Dragon Dance] Seal, no objections!

However…

Strength + 180 also sealed it for me?

What was this?

Only the attack + 2800 was left. Was the [Coiling Dragon Water] 's physical edge still there?

Is he so inhumane?

"Without the help of the divine sword, who do you think you are?"

The Lich snorted and said, "You dare to fight me with your insignificant strength?"

“Really?”

Qin Luo Sheng let out a breath of turbid air and responded with a cold snort, "Although it's quite a pity to use less [Li Water] and less [Dragon Soul Impact], you should at least understand the current situation! In the following battle, we no longer need [Coiling Dragon Li Water]. Even if it's crippled now, it's not important."

Qin Sheng stopped in his tracks.

Qin Sheng smiled as he looked at the Lich who was about 20 meters away and Qin Luo, who was bewildered by his words.

"What are you up to again?"

The Undead Lich's vigilance was instantly maxed out. His gaze locked tightly onto Qin Sheng, and his body tensed up. He was prepared to flee at any moment to avoid the sharpness.

He wasn't afraid before, but it was precisely because he wasn't afraid that he would lose two lives. The forbidden Curtain of the Undead was gone, the forbidden calamity of the Undead was gone, and even the army of thousands summoned by the Undead Calamity was gone.

Initially, he thought that it was just an ant and did not pay much attention to it. He never expected that it was actually someone who was pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger. He had used his carelessness to get himself into this situation.

If he continued to look down on this brat, would his life be in danger?

"What are you planning? You'll know soon!"

Qin Qin Sheng gave a cold laugh as the faint light of the detection technique in his eyes slowly dissipated.

Undead Lich!

Current Health Points: 344,7805 / 5000000!

His Health Points had fallen by more than 30%!

Since that was the case, let's begin!

This fellow was still as sinister as ever. The reason why he had wasted so much time talking to him was to stall for time so that the damage caused by the forbidden spell, Icefire Twin Dragon Dance, could be quickly recovered!

What a pity!

This time, the Lich was wrong.

With over a million health points lost, it would take a long time for him to recover.

In this period of time, it was enough for him to reveal his final trump card and use his killer move!

Hu…

He exhaled heavily. If it were not necessary, Qin Sheng really did not want to do this. He really did not want to face that extremely tricky bastard who would be dragged into the abyss if he was not careful!

Except.

Now that things had developed to this point, there was no other way. Qin Sheng also wanted to fight, but without his flying ability and [Coiling Dragon Li Water] being sealed, he really did not have the capital to fight against the Lich.

This was the only way to turn the tables!

"What do you want to do?"

The Lich, who was extremely sensitive to energy, immediately felt that something was wrong. His sixth sense, which had helped him escape countless times and avoid danger, was also sounding the alarm frantically.

“Trying to escape? Unfortunately, it’s too late!”

Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly swept a glance at the undead lich. A strange black light flashed in his eyes. "Hand over your life, undead lich! Since you're in the darkness and sold everything you have to the death god and obtained the power of the lich, then you should be very interested in the next lord, hehehehe…"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

In an instant!

Dark winds blew, ghosts wailed and gods howled.

A huge shadow suddenly appeared behind Qin Luo. It blotted out the sky and directly pierced through the sky formed by the undead natural disaster.

The moonlight poured down and revealed the faces of the Undead Liches, the Blood Rose, the Blood Rose, and the half-dead Man Zhan and Brutal Axe.

He was a hundred meters tall and his figure was illusory. His entire body was covered in a wide hooded robe. Apart from a pair of eyes that were indescribable, nothing was revealed.

Yet.

Even though his face could not be seen clearly, the power and pressure exuded by this figure was unparalleled. Even the big shot Undead Lich trembled uncontrollably.

"This, this extreme upper-class energy is even stronger than my master's. No, it's a completely different level of existence. Who is he? Brat, what did you do?"

The eyes of the Undead Lich were filled with blood and he looked insane. His hair was disheveled and he looked like a lunatic.

"Who is he? As an Undead Lich, he deals with darkness and death all day. Can't you guess?"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was a little pale. After using the forbidden spell, the Dual Fire and Ice Dragon Dance, he had already exhausted more than half of his stamina. Now, he was forcefully using the Death God's Embrace to drain him of all his stamina. Not a single bit was left.

Not just physical strength, but also mental strength.

Even though this time, it was not like in the Dragon God Hall where even the will of the Death God had descended personally, but it was merely the image of the Death God that contained the Law of the Death God. It was definitely not that easy to withstand.

Qin Luo Sheng could clearly sense that as he used the [Death God's Embrace] this time, his evil consciousness seemed to have expanded by quite a bit.

This fellow was just like the [Demon Blood Sacrifice] that he had lost previously. It would greatly affect his consciousness and mind.

One was to trade with the Evil Demons, and the other was to trade with the Death God!

There was no difference!

"The power of a god is different from that of a Moon God, but it's on the same level as that of a Moon God. No, it's even a level higher!"