Chapter 424: Killing The Enemy In Eight Seconds, Killing The Undead Lich

"Teleportation? You really underestimate me!"

Qin Sheng, who had cut through the air with his sword, sneered as he looked at the Lich who had disappeared before his eyes and shifted his body.

Did he only think of avoiding the battle now?

Too late!

When you could not resist the temptation and tried to kill me, you were destined to lose!

Swoosh…

Qin Luo's body moved and disappeared on the spot.

"Die!"

With a slash of his sword, golden flames erupted and the Lich who had just teleported over staggered!

Qin Qin Sheng instantly returned to his mad dog state!

His hands danced wildly as sword qi rampaged!

It was not easy for him to find an opportunity and pay the price of almost being insta-killed. The bait used as a sacrifice was eaten by the Lich. How could he let him escape?

I was helpless just now, so I could only use my sword qi to pummel him. But now, I'm already close to him. If you continue running, are you looking down on me? Do you really think that my speed of over ten thousand is for nothing?

Swish!

The Lich teleported again!

With the holy flames adhering to his body and the lack of sacrificial offerings around him, even if the Curtain of the Undead was powerful, there was nothing it could do. It could only recover 100,000 health points every second, and it was difficult to keep up with Qin Luo Sheng's violent attack which was at least 500,000 points.

Trying to run?

Are you dreaming?

“Shadow Escape!”

You teleport, I teleport too.

At this very moment, Qin Sheng's eyes had long turned red, especially since his flying ability had already entered a state where he could fly for tens of seconds. How could he not risk his life?

Only an idiot would save his skills at this time!

First was Instant Slash, then Shadow Assault, and then Shadow Escape!

Even if one of them was purely teleportation and the other two had to lock onto the target, the effect was the same for the current situation. It could make him like a maggot in the tarsal bone, and the movement of the Lich would completely lock him down. The time difference between the two of them was less than 0.1 seconds, and they would not give him any chance to escape!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Ten seconds!

There was still half a tube of Undead Lich with about 3 million HP left!

The difficulty of this kill was definitely not inferior to the SSS mission!

However!

Qin Qin Sheng still had a chance!

Currently, his greatest advantage was to stick close to the Undead Lich, preventing him from attacking. Even if he could, he had nothing to fear if he couldn't instakill the Lich.

What did the Lich bring?

It was a critical hit that could bring about 500,000 health points. Even if the Undead Lich was not passively attacked and could move quickly or even teleport, at least it could hit him in a second.

With such damage, coupled with the 10W + Health Points that the Heavenly Screen of the Undead recovered every second, it could reduce the Undead Lich's Health Points by 40W + in one second!

The Lich's health bar was close to 3,000,000. To be precise, it was 2,910,000, 4,728, 4,832!

He needed eight strikes!

Eight seconds!

In theory, he only needed eight seconds to kill the Lich.

Except.

In theory, it was only theoretical.

He had witnessed the cunning abilities of the Lich more than once.

Just now, the Sky Screen of the Undead that was still active above 90 had revived the Lich once. God knew if he would come a second time or a third time!

Yet.

So what if he knew the current situation, but what could Qin Luo do?

There was nothing he could do!

There was no other way except to continue killing until the end!

His flying ability was the biggest limitation!

If that was not the case, with his current combat power, what would happen if he was resurrected ten times by a mere Lich?

What would happen to a Magical existence if it was approached by a Warrior or Bandit whose Attack Speed and Movement Speed were above average?

Qin Qin came to tell the answer!

It would be a tragic sight!

Even the powerful Undead Lich could not retaliate at all. He was like a pig, allowing Qin Sheng to do as he pleased. He could not even retaliate.

Perhaps it was because he was too sticky that the Lich did not have the time to chant and gather energy so that he could not use magic to counterattack, or perhaps it was because he had already used his powers once before he was resurrected and did not have any skills now.

Whether it was his Health Points decreasing to 50%, 30%, or even 10% of his Health Points, the Undead Lich did not have any reaction. Just like before, it was hung up and beaten up by him!

Eight seconds passed in the blink of an eye!

Qin Luo Sheng's math was very good. Eight seconds and eight strikes, not one second less, and not one sword less!

The Undead Lich had perished!

After being attacked by the endless sword qi, his entire body was covered in burn marks caused by the holy flames. His body that looked like it was in tatters had lost its life support and fell to the ground.

Without the support of the Undead Lich, the dark clouds that covered the sky dissipated.

Everything seemed to have ended!

Except.

As the victor, Qin Luo did not look happy at all. On the contrary, he looked solemn.

No matter how the Undead Lich deceived him with the naked eye, Qin Sheng kept one thing in mind—a virtual game. It was precisely because this was a virtual game that he did not need to judge at all. As long as the notification from the system did not arrive, the Undead Lich was definitely not dead and he was faking his death!

"What an impressive ability!"

As expected, the iconic sinister voice of the Undead Lich rang out once more. The smiles on the faces of Sanguine Primrose and the other girls who had originally thought that the battle was over gradually disappeared. Their cheerful footsteps also came to a stop as they stood rooted to the ground, not knowing what to do.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a long breath as he looked at the lich covered in wounds. He stood up and said helplessly, "I knew it. You can't be killed so easily!"

"Is that so? Looks like you know me quite well!"

The Lich sneered. "I have to praise you for forcing me into such a situation and even 'killing' me twice in such a short period of time. What a terrifying talent and ability!"

Qin Luo remained silent. Having lost his ability to fly, he had basically lost the ability to fight against the Lich of the Undead. Naturally, he was not afraid of wasting the time it would take to increase his power. He just watched him flex quietly and saw what other abilities he had yet to show.

Once or twice, it shouldn't be more than three, right?

The Undead Lich was such a powerful Ancient BOSS. It was understandable that the lousy system gave him the ability to fly indefinitely.

However…

If a BOSS of this level were to be given three or more revivals, Qin Sheng would definitely be the first to greet the 18 generations of ancestors of the dog system. He would let him know how awesome the crazy Zuan in his previous life and the peak keyboard warrior was!