Chapter 427: Desperate Situation? The Coiling Dragon Water Is Sealed!

Ice and fire raged!

Ruthlessly sweeping, crushing, shattering!

Under the effects of the forbidden spell, the puppets were as fragile as paper.

Even the Demonic Beast BOSSES that had previously won with great difficulty, including the central palace of the nine palaces, were at least Silver-tier Bosses. Under the [Forbidden Curse: Icefire Twin Dragon Dance], they were hard to resist.

It dealt over a million damage per second. The combination of ice and fire was not something a puppet could withstand.

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 37 Enhanced Three Star Elite: Undead zombie, EXP gained… '

Ding… congratulations on killing level 37 Silver Boss: Flame Cheetah, EXP gained… '

Ding… congratulations on killing level 38 Silver Enhanced Boss: Earth Burst Bear, gained EXP… '

Ding… congratulations on killing level 39 Gold Boss: Swamp Three-Headed Snake, EXP gained… '

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 40 Gold Boss: Titan Giant Elephant, EXP gained… '

"…"

The crazy battle log kept flooding!

The forbidden spell was worthy of its name. When Qin Luo Sheng used it to strengthen himself, it was simply devastating.

Countless Enhanced Elite monsters, countless Bosses, at this moment, no matter what grade they were, none of them had the ability to resist. All of them were killed by the ice and fire without exception.

Ding… You have leveled up. Health Points + 50, Mana Points + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2. You have received 29 free attribute points! '

A golden light flashed!

Qin Qin Sheng was dumbfounded.

He actually leveled up?

Wasn't this too f*cking unreal?

"A divine weapon that contains two dragon souls? Furthermore, dragon souls are dual elements of water and fire, a dual element that is incompatible with fire and water?"

Even the experienced and knowledgeable Lich was shocked. He looked at Qin Sheng's [Coiling Dragon Distant Water] and then at the ground that had been ravaged. There were hundreds and thousands of his summoned puppets piled up like a mountain, and his eyes flickered wildly.

"If I have this sword, with my magic power, will I be able to release an even more powerful forbidden spell? Will I be able to increase the power of this fire and water forbidden spell, which is enough to wipe out an army, to a higher level?"

Body!

It slowly descended from the sky.

He released the [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance]. Even though all the energy came from the Ice Fire Dragon Soul in [Coiling Dragon Water], and he only spent 10,000 mana points, controlling the Forbidden Spell was quite a burden on his body. At least half of his stamina had been absorbed.

"Oh, he's still alive? No wonder he's the president and vice president of the Rose Society. He's one of the top ten guilds in China. He doesn't lack trump cards!"

Ignoring the inexplicably scorching gaze of the undead lich, Qin Sheng turned his head and looked behind him. He was a little stunned as he looked at the blood-red rose that was bathed in flames and was emitting a red glow around its body, like a phoenix bathing in flames. An illusory ice lotus appeared under his feet and was spinning slowly, enveloping the blood-red rose and protecting its entire body. His eyes narrowed slightly.

"It's a pity that the two girls I didn't like the most survived, but my favorite Elegant Elegant Lotus and Peony Girls are gone!"

Qin Sheng let out a slow breath of turbid air. The depression in his heart disappeared in a flash. Now was not the time to think about this. Although the Undead Lich's Army of Calamity had been destroyed, he, the initiator, was still around. The battle had yet to end!

"What a good sword!"

Qin Luo turned around and coincidentally, the eyes of the undead lich shot over and landed on the [Coiling Dragon Water] on his right hand. He praised without holding anything back, "Not only did you seal the dragon soul, it's also a double opposing dragon soul that is incompatible with fire and water. It contains the power of a forbidden spell. Even among the treasures I've encountered, it's enough to squeeze into the top ten. Unfortunately—"

"Swoosh…" Qin Sheng drew his sword and walked towards the Lich. As he walked, he asked, "What's a pity?"

"It's a pity that such a divine sword actually fell into the hands of a brat like you. It's simply a waste of God's gift!" The Undead Lich sneered, not giving Qin Sheng any face at all. He said disdainfully, "You have no right to unleash its true ability. The forbidden spell just now was merely its own power."

"Oh? So what?" Qin Sheng said nonchalantly, "It's mine!"

"Hmph, what a lucky bastard!" The Undead Lich was so envious that his eyes were red. "It can unleash such power just by relying on its own energy. Such a large-scale forbidden spell can kill an entire army with one strike. If I were to operate it, as long as I have enough time to set it up, I can activate its potential and bury a city."

"Oh? That's really impressive!" Qin Luo continued, "But it's mine!"

Lich:…

Can you say anything else other than that?

It's yours! It's yours!

It's only yours now. Later, it will be my spoils of war!

"Now, your summoning puppets are all destroyed, and the barrier in front of you is gone!"

Qin Luo Sheng wielded two swords in his hands, bringing with him an invigorating battle intent brought about by the Indestructible Battle Intent. The extreme excitement brought about by the Dragon's Blood Ignition and the violent bloodlust brought about by the Blood Boil crushed towards the Undead Lich.

"What other methods do you have? Use them all!"

"Hahaha…" The Undead Lich laughed maniacally. He looked at Qin Sheng's insufferably arrogant face and said sinisterly, "Brat, you can't be thinking that by destroying my puppet army with a sword's forbidden spell, you've won against me, right?—Take a look at your own sword!"

"My own sword?"

Qin Luo Sheng lowered his head and looked at [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier]. There was nothing wrong with it. He then looked at [Coiling Dragon Water].

Eh?

The light was dim, and the two active dragon souls in the sword had stopped moving. Not only that, but their bodies were also dim, and they did not shine like before, as if they had been sucked dry.

Could it be?

Qin Luo Sheng was shocked!

He still remembered that [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] had a cooldown of seven days!

Could it be that after using the forbidden spell, [Coiling Dragon Water] would be unable to be used for seven days due to the lack of energy?

He quickly checked his stats window!

Tsk!

It was really like that!

During these seven days, before the dragon soul recovered, only the physical edge of the sword remained. Everything else was sealed!

What did this mean?

In other words.

That was, within seven days, other than the effect of [Coiling Dragon Water], other special effects, such as supplementary skills and empowerment were all sealed and useless!

F*ck!

Isn't this forcing me to die?

It was alright after that, but now was the last moment of the battle with the Lich!!!

Big boss, are you going on strike now?

What a jerk!