Chapter 422: How Is This Sword? Please Test It!

“This won’t do. It’s not the final moment yet, I can’t use my trump card so easily.”

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen. He glanced at the attributes of the Undead Lich, then secretly took a look at his own attributes. After comparing them slightly, he heaved a sigh of relief. "Fortunately, it's not too bad. After all, I have the Holy Flames, Dragon Blood Burning Death, Undying Battle Intent, and Seething Blood. These four skills can totally fight against the current Undead Lich, even if he has already eliminated the weakening brought about by Dragon Might and the Gaze of the Death God."

"However, the only flaw now is the ability to fly. Tsk, the only flying skill was brought by the Spirit Light Cloak. Just now, I used Starlight Reversal again. There's still half a minute before the engine dies."

Qin Luo's brows were tightly furrowed. It was truly difficult to judge the situation of the upcoming battle.

"No, I have to defeat the Lich quickly. Otherwise, he will be able to kill me with his flying skills. There is no way to defeat the Lich, especially when the Lich is a magical cannon."

Qin Sheng made up his mind decisively.

‘ What idea?’

Other than doing it, what else could he do?

Was he supposed to surrender?

Besides.

Even if they surrendered, they had to accept it.

Even though the Lich tried his best to rope him in and seemed to think highly of him, he made a good offer.

Try surrendering!

‘ I’ll turn you into a tool man in minutes.’

The half-dead Man Ax and Man Zhan who were lying on the ground and having their blood essence sucked dry were living examples.

"Thirty seconds, half a minute. This is my last battle time. If I don't die, I can only use my last move."

"However, I'm sure that the Undead Lich has at least two more trump cards. Either he can resurrect himself like he did now, or he can control my trump cards. Either one will be a fatal threat."

Qin Luo took a deep breath, his heart clouded.

"As the Undead Lich said, my foundation is still too weak. Even with so many powerful equipment and powerful skills, I'm still too weak."

"Previously, I exposed my weakness of having a weak magic defense of 1B. Now, I've exposed my weakness of not knowing how to fly. If not for the Spiritual Light Cloak, which has a short flying ability, I'm afraid I would have surrendered the moment I saw it."

Qin Luo was a little sad.

It turned out that in front of a real big boss, he was just a little brother, a smelly little brother.

An incomplete ability meant too many flaws.

As long as the opponent wasn’t an idiot, it was easy to grasp their weakness and target them. Other than waiting for death, there was no other way.

"I have many equipment skills, especially a few enhancement skills. They can allow me, who could barely fight against a Silver Boss, to have the ability to defeat a Gold Boss in all aspects and easily kill an enhanced Gold Boss and arm-wrestle an Epic Boss."

"However, after entering the Epic stage, it's completely different from going first. The difference between gold and Epic is like that between a warrior and an immortal cultivator."

"Even if one is a master at the peak of martial arts and an Immortal Cultivator is just a Foundation Establishment Cultivator who has just entered the threshold, there is still an absolute gap between them. This is the difference between life and death. It cannot be made up for with external forces."

“It’s obvious that the Undead Lich isn’t just an Epic, but also one of the best. Qin Sheng even suspects that this fellow wasn’t a Legendary before his strength was damaged. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to use skills that were more ferocious and BUG than the other!”

Qin Luo raised his head and looked at the endless devil faces dancing around him with an ugly expression.

However, he had to fight the Undead Lich to the end. Regardless of whether the Lich was despicable or not, he had to catch the Lich before he could fight. If he couldn't, what was the point of talking about it? He had to clear his name!

"Undead Lich, die!"

The crazy analysis seemed to take a long time, but in actual fact, it only took one or two seconds for the brain to work at high speed.

Compared to the Undead Lich, Qin Sheng, who had the ability to fly now, did not wish to waste time.

So.

The moment the Lich walked out of the Dome of the Undead, he pounced like a mad dog.

"What an immeasurably foolish fool. Why can't you become my subordinate? Not only can you do as you please, and not be bound by hypocritical laws and morals, I can even guide your cultivation. With your talent, you can achieve the greatest improvement in the shortest amount of time. You can even evolve and become an existence superior to others. Just one more step and you will be a god."

The Lich of the Undead said seductively, "If you can really offer your loyalty, I can even let you enjoy eternal life like me. You will no longer be as pitiful as an ant. In just a few decades, your life will wither and you will become a pile of dirt. From then on, heroes will die and only legends will remain."

"Eternal life? That's very tempting!"

Qin Luo's speed was not slow. He was still charging towards the Lich, but his mouth was full of words of interest. "Tell me then!"

Even though he knew that it was likely that Qin Sheng was trying to stall for time, the Lich of the Undead was very brave and wasn't afraid that he would overturn the heavens. Furthermore, he was unwilling to give up and needed to convert his own kind, so he explained excitedly to him.

Yet.

The sincerity of the undead lich in exchange for Qin Luo's "heartless and unscrupulous" contempt and disdain.

"Your so-called eternal life is to become a Lich? To become like you, neither human nor ghost?"

"Forgive me for being blunt, but this is really disgusting. Look at you, you're dark and stooped, you're associated with the darkness, and you're always dealing with dead bodies. Isn't this scary? If I'm like this, I'd rather die."

Lich:…

“Brat, you’ve insulted me again. Do you really think that you can do whatever you want just because you have my admiration?”

The Lich was furious.

He could tolerate other things.

After all.

In all these years, the only comrade who had "shared his feelings" with him needed patience and tolerance.

He had been doing the same.

If it was any other ordinary person, he would have long killed them with a wave of his hand. Why would he waste his breath on them?

He was not a good person. It could even be said that he was a heartless person who only cared about himself and benefits.

This could be seen from the fact that he did not hesitate to deal with the two brothers.

But now, he couldn't take it anymore.

Lich was his pride and joy, the source of power that he had pulled out of the abyss. He would never allow anyone to insult him.

Even Qin Luo of his own kind could not do it.

Yet.

Just as the Lich was about to give up completely and exterminate Qin Sheng, this audacious fellow, a beam of sword qi had already arrived before him and slashed heavily on his chest, leaving a burn mark on his chest.

Looking up.

Who else could it be but that evil brat?

"I'm sorry, but I'm insulting your confidence. My confidence to do whatever I want is not because of your appreciation, but because of the sword in my hand!—How about this sword? Please appraise it!"

…

* * *

It was probably midnight by the time he got home.

As he did not have any information or data, he could not connect to the battle in the previous chapter. The editor who asked for leave also said that he could not cut it off. He had to at least make one chapter.

He had slept for two hours in the past two days. It was very confusing. It was definitely a boss with poor quality. Everyone, please understand and thank me.