Chapter 425: Undead Scourge

"If there's no other choice, I really can't bear to!"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart was filled with gloominess. "This final trump card requires too much effort. If the Lich of the Undead doesn't drop something good to make up for it, it would really be a huge loss."

Why was Qin Luo still so calm even in such a dire situation?

That's right, it was because he still had a trump card that could instantly kill the Lich. Even if he evolved again, even if he recovered to 100% of his peak state, he could still kill him instantly!

Except.

He had to pay a huge price to use this trump card, he did not want to use it easily.

Yet.

Now that things had come to this, it was no longer a matter of whether he wanted to or not. He had to use it.

Otherwise…

After so many days of hard work, they had fallen at this final stage and the last Boss. No one could think clearly!

Besides.

This was not only his matter, but also the hard work of more than ten girls from the Rose Society!

For that.

He had already sacrificed eleven girls, leaving only four.

Even though he had said in advance that he could not guarantee everyone's safety, being killed by the Boss with his sister was an insult to any man. If he did not kill his sister, the Lich, he would lose all face.

"Now that things have come to this, I'll show you how a Lich like me can become the thorn in the side of all the dynasties and forces!"

While Qin Luo Sheng was still feeling sorry for his trump card, the undead lich made the final declaration of war. "Do you know why I want to kill those demon beasts that attacked with me? After all, they are not bad pawns and have very strong combat power. That's because even if they were dead, they could still do it to such an extent. Tell me, why do I still want to keep the sentient ones? I, the undead lich, am an army by myself. One person is enough to defy the heavens!"

Hahahaha…

A familiar laughter rang out!

Accompanying that was the revival of the Undead Lich. His new body burst forth with endless black energy.

Just like before.

Black energy surged upwards, followed by the Sky Screen of the Undead and the glow of the Moonlight. The Moonlight Shrine, which was originally covered in silver, turned black again.

"Come, let me see how many times you can swing your sword, how much stamina you have, and whether you can flatten my army!"

The Lich let out a roar. Under Qin Luo's disbelieving gaze, his Mana Points were deducted by up to two million points in an instant. In exchange, a gigantic Mana Formation was formed instantly.

"Undead—Calamity!"

It was as if doomsday had arrived. Doomsday had begun!

The huge magic formation resonated with the black curtain in the sky, attracting the unknown magnetic field and forming a domain.

Qin Luo Sheng felt dizzy just by looking at it. Fortunately, the existence of the [Medal of Courage] made him immune to all spiritual control and influence. Otherwise, he would have lost before the battle had even begun.

Even so, the situation was not optimistic. No, it should be said that the situation was extremely bad.

"Ah… Help!"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul, save me!"

"Go away, go away, sob sob sob…"

"Damn it!"

Screams came from behind.

Qin Luo Sheng turned his head in disbelief and saw that the four remaining girls were standing in the magic formation just like him. They were surrounded by black mist and had bloodshot eyes. At this moment, they were brandishing their weapons and attacking the empty surroundings. It was obvious that they were affected by the spirit and were hallucinating.

"You bastard!"

Qin Luo was unable to restrain his anger. "Let them go! If you have anything, come at me!"

"Are you angry?"

The Lich laughed sinisterly and said, "I only fooled them a little. The show has just begun. If you can't even stand it, the show will get bigger and better. How will you deal with yourself then?"

"You still want to start a big show?"

Qin Luo Sheng snorted coldly and charged over with two swords in hand. "That depends on whether you have the ability or not. Block the swords in my hands first!"

"Don't worry! It's not your turn yet!"

The Lich waved his hand, and countless black energy vines grew rapidly in front of him. "If you want to fight me, ask my most loyal subordinate if he agrees!"

In an instant!

The magic array was bright and black.

"What is this?"

Under Qin Luo's incredulous gaze, one monster after another was summoned from underground. Among them, there were humans, beasts, other races, and all sorts of demon beasts that had been killed previously. They were densely packed and uncountable, filling the entire Moon God Temple.

"Ah…"

Another loud scream was heard.

Qin Luo Sheng slashed two times in a hurry and killed the two summoned puppets beside him. Looking back, he saw that the four girls who had their minds controlled had already been captured. They were currently being held by four tall dark monsters with their hands. They were like prisoners bound to the torture rack as they let out mournful cries.

"What exactly do you want?"

Qin Qin Sheng almost bit his teeth into pieces.

Even though he didn't really like Sanguine Primrose, he still had a good impression of these two girls. One of them was a gentle and virtuous wife who was perfect for him. The other was a lively and cute girl who was like a girl next door. She was his favorite, and she was also his fan.

Now, the two of them were like lambs waiting to be slaughtered, and it was even in front of him. What was this, was he committing a crime now? Tch! How could I allow such a thing to happen?

“For what?”

The undead lich looked at Qin Sheng's furious expression and snapped his fingers. "Guess!"

Qin Sheng:…

I'll bet your ass!

Guess or not?

"What is this?"

“Have we been caught?”

"It seems that we have been dragging our feet all the way to the end!"

"Big Brother Weeping Soul…"

What was going on?

Has she regained her rationality?

This bastard!

Qin Luo was both shocked and furious. He instantly understood the significance of the Undead Lich's snap.

He was really despicable!

Is this guy trying to use the four of them to torture me?

What a pity!

Your plan is wrong!

Strictly speaking, these four women and I were just strangers. We weren’t even friends.

The reason she was so nervous was only because of a promise. She had said that she would do her best to protect them, so she naturally had to follow these words.

If he thought he could use this opportunity to do something, he would be dreaming!