Chapter 420: The Terrifying Sky Screen Of The Undead

"Ah…"

The screams of the Lich continued.

Not only did Qin Sheng, who was listening up close, feel goosebumps all over his body, the Rose Society girls who had been watching the battle with their heads raised all this while also turned pale.

"Are… are we just going to watch?"

Lily, who was holding her staff tightly, asked timidly, "Why don't we attack too? That Boss seems to have been subdued. The aggro shouldn't be transferred to us!"

"This is no longer a battle that we can interfere in!"

Blood Rose sighed and said helplessly, "Although that perverted guy didn't share the Boss' attributes with us, you guys have seen the damage numbers that they dealt during the battle. Even his health points dropped by more than 30,000 after taking a punch from the Boss. What do you think will happen if we take a hit?"

How was it?

Of course he would die!

"That's right. This kind of battle is not something the players should participate in."

Danya put down the shield in her hand and smiled bitterly. "At least for the players now. It's impossible for us now!"

"Isn't Weeping Soul a player?" A girl argued.

Blood Rose replied her seriously, "No, Weeping Soul is a hacker!"

The Allure Peony held it in front of her chest and looked at Little Xingxing. "No, Big Brother Weeping Soul is a god!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

"Little Rose."

The Blood Rose speechlessly glanced at the Peony of Allure and then at the little girls who had similar expressions as the Peony of Allure. Instantly, she felt goosebumps.

"What do you think?"

"What do you think will happen if Weeping Soul Beast joins our Roses?" Sanguine Primrose asked.

"Impossible!" Blood Rose subconsciously replied. "This stinky man is a pervert with a stoic face. He's so arrogant. How could he join our Rose Society? He's not one of those bootlickers!"

"Not in the game, but in reality?" Sanguine Primrose asked.

"In real life?" Blood Rose was shocked and then excited. "Have you found Weeping Soul's real identity?"

"Maybe!" Sanguine Primrose indifferently replied as she turned her attention back to the battlefield.

…

The aerial battlefield!

Qin Luo Sheng observed the situation of the Lich of the Undead and saw that his skin was torn apart and his bones were being corroded continuously. Even though he was in such a miserable state and might die in the next second, he did not relax in the slightest. Instead, he charged over without hesitation.

Before the enemy fell, any form of relaxation or carelessness was a talisman that could kill you at any time!

Only true death could make one feel completely at ease!

"That's enough, but you're an Undead Lich. I don't believe that's all! So don't blame me for being despicable. If I don't take your life while you're sick, I'll be the one to die when you recover!"

Swoosh…

Swoosh…

The Berserk Dual Knife Style had reappeared in the pugilistic world!

There were no skills, only flat slashes, endless flat slashes!

Golden Blade Auras exploded and landed on the Undead Lich who was fighting Li Shui. He had no time to care about anything else and his body collapsed even more quickly.

"Release!"

Qin Sheng had already been tortured by Li Shui to the point of speechlessness. Now that Qin Sheng was adding insult to injury, the Undead Lich finally couldn't take it anymore. It opened its arms and its body deflated as if it had lost its breath. The bulging muscles disappeared and it returned to its previous state.

“Truly, what a great method! However, your arrogance ends here!”

The Undead Lich's body exploded into the purest energy that surged upwards.

In the blink of an eye…

A mass of dark clouds formed and rapidly expanded, covering the entire Moon God Hall like the sky.

"Undead Sky Screen!"

From the dark clouds came the voice of the Lich, which was even gloomier than before. "With blood as sacrifice and spirit as the foundation, cast my Lich body and reconstruct my body!"

In an instant.

Black smoke filled the air as balls of black smoke descended from the dark clouds, transforming into strange ghost faces. They laughed weirdly as they pounced towards the Rose Society girls on the ground, as well as Man Axe and Man Zhan.

"Lord, it's me, I'm Man Ax!"

"I am Man Zhan. Sir, what are you doing?"

If he wanted to use his flesh, blood, and soul to replenish his body and create a new one, then Man Changhe and Man Zhan, who were thirty meters tall, naturally had the best choice.

Still.

Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash were not weaklings. How could a Level 40 Gold Boss be killed so easily? They immediately wielded their axes and heavy swords and slashed at the ghost faces.

Yet.

There were great benefits to being a blockhead. For example, when Qin Luo was in a showdown with Disheng, it was called "spectacular" and almost destroyed the entire scene.

Except.

At this moment, he was a burden.

Big meant a wide area for the audience. As for Brutal Axe and Brutal Slash, they were both Strength Type. They couldn't perfectly protect every part of their body. They couldn't care about the head or the tail.

Soon!

Brutal Axe and Man Zhan were covered in wounds. Large amounts of blood were sucked out and absorbed by the dark clouds in the sky and the sky of the Lich. It became the capital for the revival of the Lich.

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng had an ugly expression as he looked at the girl who was missing by more than half. He gritted his teeth!

It was too fast!

It was really too fast!

It was so fast that Qin Sheng did not even have time to react before the endless ghost face descended, instantly snatching away more than half of the members of the Rose Society's three teams.

Now, only the Blood Rose, Blood Rose, Elegant Lotus, and Peony were left. The remaining eleven died instantly without a corpse. Everything was absorbed and became nutrients for the Undead Lich.

"Hahahaha… I see. So your weakness is them!"

The Lich saw Qin Sheng's actions and laughed maniacally. "Cowardly people will eventually be tied down by feelings. You are like this, and so was I in the past."

"Oh? That's a little strange!"

Qin Luo replied with a question of his own, "Could it be that you didn't live to this day because you wanted to take revenge for your hometown, Sarah Island, and your parents? Even now, you still can't forget the Taling Nation and want to destroy your home country! Do you have the right to criticize me like this?"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk… You're right. I used to be like this! But—"