Chapter 434: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (1)

"What do you mean?" The extremely intelligent Sanguine Primrose seemed to have understood something, "The strength of this BOSS is not something that we players can deal with. All we need to do is work hard to a certain extent?"

As he spoke!

Sanguine Primrose couldn't help but turn her gaze towards the young daoist who was currently engaged in an intense battle with the Lich!

"That's right, that's what I think!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded and said, "According to my personal guess, we're just there for show. The one who really killed the undead lich is someone else. It should be that Little Heavenly Teacher who calls himself the descendant of Mount Longhu's Zhang Daoling!"

"Is it reliable?" Blood Rose muttered. "This is just your guess, right?"

"Indeed!" Qin Sheng shrugged his shoulders and did not care about Rose's doubts. "This was just a guess in the first place! Think about it, according to the information obtained from the investigation, as well as the information from the Lich himself, he is a ruthless person who is prepared to wipe out a country! Even if the Tarling Country is only a small country, it can't be a country that hasn't even reached level 50 and can only be wiped out by an Epic Boss, right?"

"In that case, the strength of the Lich of the Undead is very strong. It is at least beyond the Third Stage Profession. It is at least legendary!"

Qin Luo continued, "Just now, you guys heard the words of the undead lich. After using the Moonlight Divine Stone to evolve, he reached the level 50 Third Stage and half-step Legendary. He said that he had only recovered half of his strength!"

"The Lich who attacked the Moon Temple was injured and his strength decreased. This gave us a chance. With our mission, his rating is only [S] class!"

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose were speechless!

Please be a person?

[S] class?

Human speech?

"However, we can deal with the attributes on the interface of the Undead Lich, who is much weaker. However, he is a degenerated Legendary Boss after all. The abilities and methods he has are far beyond that of normal Epic Bosses. This also creates an S-level difficulty. He doesn't live up to his name!"

Ignoring the strange gazes of the two girls, Qin Luo continued, "In that case, the conditions for us to complete the mission will be different. If you don't believe me, look. Our mission condition is not to kill the Lich, but to purify the Moon Temple."

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose hurriedly opened up the shared quest information.

"In your opinion—"

Sanguine Primrose pointed at Qin Luo and asked, "What are the conditions for triggering external aid?"

"About three directions!"

Qin Luo Sheng stretched out three fingers and said, "Firstly, fight with the Lich of the Undead or delay him for a certain amount of time. The reinforcements will arrive, but this is a little unbelievable because the Lich and I are planning to start in about three minutes. In such a short period of time, we shouldn't be able to trigger the conditions for reinforcements!"

"Secondly, the process of the battle is to fight the Undead Lich to a certain extent. For example, reduce his HP to 30%, 10%, and so on. Or, kill the Undead Lich. After reviving, his strength will increase greatly and external help will arrive. If this is the reason, then it should only be triggered after killing the Undead Lich three times. After all, I killed the Undead Lich three times before the little Daoist appeared!"

"Thirdly, I don't know what the final trump card of the Undead Lich is! However, the Moonlight God Stone is one of his trump cards."

"After coming into contact with the Moonlight God's Stone, the Undead Lich evolved and recovered a portion of its strength. It reached the level of a half-step Legendary, and its level increased to Level 50. It surpassed us by more than 10 levels, making us completely unable to fight it, or even qualify!"

"In such a situation, we are like lambs waiting to be slaughtered. The meat on the chopping board will die without external help!"

"I'm personally inclined to the third condition for the triggering of the three conditions. Of course, I can't rule out the possibility that there are factors affecting all three conditions, especially the second and third conditions. Perhaps the Little Daoist will only come forward to carry out the so-called cleaning up of the sect if all three conditions are met at the same time!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

Blood Rose:…

You're really an analyst!

She still remembered that when she first saw us, she was innocent and shy, but she pretended to be herself. She pretended to be a cold prince charming and ignored us. She only said one word at a time without saying anything!

Now, when he analyzed these things, they were clear and logical. Their logic was so clear that it could not be any clearer. They did not eat, they did not stutter, and they did not break down. You are really something!

Hmph!

What a lonely fellow!

This was the type of straight man that girls hated the most. A purebred loser who ignored the charm of this fairy and thought that the game was more enjoyable!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Qin Sheng, who was rubbing his chin and analyzing the situation, was dumbfounded as he looked at the two girls whose eyes had suddenly turned unfriendly and had a cold expression.

Did I say something wrong?

Thinking back carefully!

No!

They were all analyzing seriously. They did not drive or act like hooligans. Their tone was normal and their attitude was gentle. What did they do to offend them?

Fortunately, Qin Luo Sheng did not know what Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose were thinking at this moment. Otherwise, he would not have spat on them just because they were girls!

Tsk!

I’m here killing brain cells to analyze karma and weigh the pros and cons, but you’re thinking about all this shit. What kind of brain circuits?

Bang…

Just as the atmosphere suddenly became slightly awkward, an earth-shattering collision suddenly came from above, attracting the gazes of Qin Sheng and the others.

He saw…

The Little Daoist Zhang Daoming and the undead lich in the Moon God's radiant form were both sent flying backwards. After they both stabilized themselves in the air, they didn't immediately attack again. Instead, they confronted each other from afar!

"The situation is not looking good!"

Qin Luo Sheng squinted his eyes as he observed the situation between the two parties. He muttered, "They look like they're in tatters and have suffered significant injuries. It seems like they're evenly matched. However, the current undead lich is in the form of the Moon God's Radiance. The Taoist master's talisman dao technique that specializes in restraining ghosts and evil spirits is not advantageous because it has lost its ability to restrain."

"Moreover, this is the territory of the Undead Lich and the territory of the Moon Goddess. The terrain is unique and the dome can quickly receive the moonlight. It's too advantageous for the Undead Lich who holds the Moonlight God Stone."

"In this way, not only can he recover his injuries faster, but he can also continuously absorb the moonlight to make up for the deficit in energy. If this continues, even if the Little Daoist was originally stronger, he would also be dragged into the mud and mired bit by bit. He would be completely exhausted and ultimately defeated!"