Chapter 438: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (5)

"In this battle, both I and him have consumed a lot of energy and hurt their natural source. I don't have a divine item like the Moonlight Divine Stone to recover, so I can't mobilize any Quintessential Essence in a short period of time. However, he can. He can use the Moonlight Divine Stone to absorb the moonlight and extract its power. Even if he can't do much, it's more than enough to kill us!"

Zhang Daoming sent a voice transmission. "This Penniless Priest's junior brothers have already received my transmission, but they are too far away and won't be able to arrive in a short period of time. The only thing we can rely on now is ourselves. We mustn't sit and wait for death!"

Qin Luo was speechless!

Big boss!

I want to do it too, but what can I do?

Look! Look!

I was a weakling to begin with. Not only did I not have any augmentation skills, I was also in a weakened state. All my attributes were only left with 10%. What else could I do?

"Don't panic, it's not time to despair yet!"

As if sensing Qin Sheng's thoughts, Zhang Dao consoled him. "This Penniless Priest observed that you seem to have consumed too much energy in the battle, resulting in both your body and mind being burdened, resulting in you falling into a weakened state.—You are different from This Penniless Priest. I have injured my essence, while you are merely tired and overly used some kind of power, resulting in the weak aftereffects!"

And then?

Qin Qin Sheng almost blurted out!

"This Penniless Priest has a golden talisman passed down from my ancestors. It can resolve your current predicament and restore your energy and stamina to its peak state. It can also stimulate a portion of your potential!"

Zhang Daoming continued transmitting his voice. "This is our last hope! However, you have to remember that although the Golden Light Talisman is very powerful and can help you, the battle is yours. It needs you to control it. Whether you can kill the undead lich depends on you!"

"…Also, the duration of the Golden Light Talisman is extremely limited. If it exceeds the time limit, everything will return to its original state. At that time, not only you and I, but even those two girls will be brutally murdered!"

"Moreover, once the Lich escaped this calamity and hid himself, it would be difficult to track him down again. After he completely integrates with the Moonlight God Stone, his strength will be restored to its peak and he will reach a higher level of enlightenment. At that time, the people will be plunged into misery and suffering. The ones who will cause trouble will not only be the Pale Nation, but even my dynasty will be affected!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and his expression turned grave!

I see!

There's such a huge pit waiting for me to jump into!

Damn system!

You really know how to play!

Naturally, the players had to complete their own missions.

First, he had the players fight the Undead Lich. As the Undead Lich was too powerful, it wasn't something that players could defeat. Therefore, he arranged for reinforcements to arrive, which was the Little Daoist, Zhang Daoming.

Then—

He wanted the evolved Undead Lich to fight the Little Daoist, Zhang Daoming, in a fifty-fifty situation. Both sides would suffer losses and wait for the players to come out on their own. They would redeem themselves, finish off the Boss, and complete the mission!

The final step!

Because the Undead Lich's strength after its evolution was too ridiculous, it was at Rank 3, 50, and half-step Legendary. Even if it was seriously injured, its level alone was enough to make players despair.

At this moment.

The concern from his allies had arrived!

That's right!

The concern of an ally was to give you a super buff that allowed you to fight the Lich!

This was not purely a silly plot stream and plot kill, but a player had to do it manually.

To put it simply…

That is to give you the ability, but you are useless. Don't blame me!

Tsk!

"Young friend, it's done!"

Zhang Daoming suddenly let out a loud shout. A beam of golden light appeared and flew rapidly towards Qin Sheng. "The rest is up to you! You must kill this demon!"

Buzz…

Golden light flashed and energy trembled!

Qin Sheng, who was the first to bear the brunt of this dazzling light, subconsciously narrowed his eyes. He could barely see the thing that was emitting the golden light. It was a talisman filled with runes and incantations. Before he could see it clearly, it had entered his body!

"Ding… You have received the blessing of the Golden Light Incantation. All negative status has been erased!"

"Ding, due to the effects of the Golden Light Incantation, your potential has been activated. Level up to 50, all attributes + 100%! Duration: 10 seconds!"

Holy shit!

Expel all abnormal states?

Rank up to Rank 50 Third Stage?

Additionally, 100% increase in all attributes?

What kind of talisman was this? It was way too powerful!

However!

Why can this only last for 10 seconds?

Damn it!

Fast guy?

Who was he looking down on?

"I didn't expect you to be my enemy in the end!"

Looking at Qin Sheng who was covered in golden light, the undead lich had a complicated expression. "Fine, let me send you off with my own hands! You are the only one I want to kill with my own hands. I want to kill with my own hands in battle and not be crushed like a lamb!"

“Moon God Light, bloom!”

With a roar, the Undead Lich forcefully activated the Moonlight God Stone to further damage the Original Source and allowed himself to absorb the power of the moon quickly.

"I'll return the same words to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng summoned the [Coiling Dragon Water] once again. He held the weapon tightly, which had lost its energy due to the use of the forbidden spell. Now, only the most basic physical attack power + 2800 was left. The legendary divine weapon that could not be restored in seven days was once again filled with fighting spirit as he looked at the Lich of the Undead.

"I will not comment on your actions! However, only those who share the same sentiments can sympathize with each other! However, the position that you and I are in is ultimately unable to stand together!"

Qin Sheng stomped on the ground and charged towards the Lich like an arrow. "In that case, let me personally send you off with my sword!"

"Hahahaha…"

The Undead Lich laughed wildly. "Good, each for its own master. Even if our hearts are connected and we share the same pain, we can't be together. I was too obsessed before. Let's settle everything with this battle! Moonlight Cage!"

In an instant!

The Moonlight Divine Stone glowed brightly and guided the boundless power of the moon to descend, forming thick silver beams of light that locked Qin Sheng in a cage!

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Qin Luo Sheng brandished the [Coiling Dragon Water] crazily. One sword after another slashed down heavily on the beam of light formed by the moonlight. The incomparably sharp edge of the sword could do nothing to a legendary weapon.

"Crap!"

Zhang Daoming wore a look of despair. "Sigh, I should have thought of this long ago. Under the illumination of the endless moonlight, the Undead Lich with the Moonlight Divine Stone can rely on his control of energy. How can he allow a young man who hasn't come into contact with the application of spells to easily approach him!?"

"Zizizi ~ ~ ~ ~”

Looking at the undead lich that was so close to him, Qin Sheng stretched out his hand. Ignoring the scorching heat of the energy, he gripped the beam of light tightly. He gritted his teeth and roared like a wild beast, "…I… don't… submit…"

…

Author's Note: On the last day of 2020, everyone is happy on New Year's Day!