Chapter 432: Uninvited Guest, Zhang Tianshi Of Mount Longhu?

In the sky!

The bright moon suddenly shone brightly. After being guided by the Moonlight God Stone, the treasure of the Moon Goddess, the moonlight fell and was absorbed into the body of the Lich.

The sun was extremely masculine!

The moon was extremely soft!

The energy of the moonlight was the favorite of many demonic beasts and strange demons!

Even though the Undead Lich focused on Darkness, he was extremely fond of Moonlight's extreme Yin energy. Otherwise, he would not have taken the risk to invade the temple of the Moon God in order to attack the Pale Spirit Kingdom. He wanted to obtain the Moonlight God Stone to improve himself!

"Ding… Please note that the strengthened Epic BOSS Undead Lich absorbed the power of the moonlight from the extradition. With the power of the Moon Goddess contained in the Moon God Stone, its strength has evolved to half-step Legendary!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Sanguine Primrose:…

Rose soaked in blood: o (╯ ╰) o

Probes!

[Undead Lich (Half-Legendary Boss)]

Level: 50

Health Points: 120,000,000

Mana: 5800000

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 100,000

Physical Defense: 40,000

Magic Defense: 65,000

Speed: 6,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Undead Lich. Unknown origins. A terrifying dark creature that rose up in the past ten years. It successfully evolved from a dark Magus to a terrifying Lich. It became close to death, embraced the darkness, and became an undead Lich. Ten years ago, it attacked the third battalion of the Towering Kingdom and killed hundreds of thousands of soldiers and generals. It summoned the Undead Army and used it to attack the Furious Sea City. It massacred the entire city and shocked the continent. For ten years, it annihilated the eighteen cities of the Towering Kingdom. Every time, it turned the entire city into a death zone and turned all living creatures into undead. Due to its actions, it successfully ranked seventh on the continent's bounty rankings.

[Current Form: Moon God's Glory]

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Qin Sheng was dumbstruck as he watched Qin Luo's body transform drastically. His entire body was enshrouded in a layer of silver moonlight energy, and a horn grew out of his forehead. He looked like a pure and holy undead lich!

This was truly the body metamorphosis of Balala the Fairies!

You're really something, Undead Lich!

You are really something, dog system!

Damn…

Haha!

Forget it!

Qin Luo Sheng felt exhausted.

The current him!

He did not even have the strength to scold anymore!

Whatever you want, dog system!

You can do whatever you want, I don't care!

"This is the power of a god. Even if it's just a trace of the treasure it once used, it can allow us mortals to evolve and become higher level lifeforms, displaying all kinds of inconceivable abilities!"

The Undead Lich, who was in the glorious form of the Moon God, held a scepter and a Moonlight God Stone in his hand as he floated in the air. He had a horn on his forehead, his eyes reflected the crescent moon, and runes that looked like the moon appeared on his body, making him look sacred and mysterious.

“Speaking of it, I am truly grateful to you all. If it wasn’t for you all, I wouldn’t have been forced into such a situation and had no choice but to give it my all.”

The Undead Lich laughed wildly. "I've spent so much time refining the surface seal of the Moonlight God Stone. As for the power of the Moon God sealed in the core, I can't even touch it."

“I never would have thought that I would be able to survive after putting myself in a hopeless situation. When I died, I had no choice but to activate the Moon God Stone that was originally split apart and pour it into my Moon God Stone to search for a trace of the power of the Moon God. Unexpectedly, by chance, I managed to fuse it into my soul, activating the power of the Moon God within it and using it for my own use. Not only did I recover half of my strength, but I also obtained my current form, the brilliance of the Moon God. What a good name! Jejejejeje…”

Qin Qin Sheng did not even want to show his face anymore.

A level 50 Third Stage Legendary Boss!

Health Points exceeded 10 million, reaching 12 million points!

Ignoring the physical attack, the magic attack rose to six digits!

Physical Defense and Magic Defense added up to more than 100,000!

His usual speed had reached 6500 points!

Haha!

This was f*cking fun?

We haven't even reached Rank two, how can we fight a Rank three boss? Moreover, this boss is half-step Legendary, its level is almost 20 levels higher!

This time, Qin Sheng was in utter despair!

Originally, under the encouragement of Sanguine Primrose and the Blood Rose, they wanted to take the final gamble. Even if they had to suffer heavy losses, they still wanted to take a gamble on their luck!

But now!

The Undead Lich used his Moon God's Glory form to persuade him to retreat!

Fight?

T?

What's the point of being poor?

It would be over if he just lay there and let them kill him!

Why waste so much effort?

"Die!"

The Undead Lich walked over with an imposing manner. With a wave of his scepter, a silver ball of light shot out and attacked Qin Sheng. "My promise just now is still valid. I will give you an intact corpse to ensure that your soul enters Samsara. This is my final mercy!"

Was this the end?

Qin Luo Sheng's pupils reflected the moon energy ball that was growing larger in his eyes. He let out a bitter laugh and puffed out his chest, calmly accepting death!

"What a good show!"

Just as the energy ball was about to land on Qin Sheng's body, at the critical moment, a deep voice suddenly rang out. Before Qin Sheng could react, his vision blurred and a figure appeared!

He looked over!

This was a Daoist!

He wore a Yin Yang Eight Trigrams Daoist Robe, held a Yin-Yang Taiji Horsetail Whisk in his hand, and had a coiling dragon hair that shot into the sky above his head!

This style!

As a Chinese, he knew it very well!

"Kid, you're not bad!"

The Daoist turned his head and looked at Qin Luo Sheng. There was undisguised admiration in his eyes. "I am Zhang Daoling of Mount Longhu. Ancestral Master Zhang Daoling has eighty-seven generations. On the orders of my emperor, I came to investigate the changes in the Moon Temple. I didn't expect that it was actually this traitor who is stirring up trouble. I'll leave the rest to this Daoist!"

Mount Longhu?

Zhang Daoling's 87th descendant?

Qin Luo Sheng's mouth was wide open in shock.

What kind of nonsense was this?

Wasn't Mount Longhu a famous Taoist mountain in reality?

Wasn't Zhang Daoling the number one heavenly master on Mount Longhu?

Why would it appear in the game world?

The designers and planners of Fate Dimension, are you serious?

"It's you, Ox-nose from the Heavenly Master Sect!"

When the undead lich saw Zhang Daoming's attire, it was instantly enraged. It charged over like a bull that had seen a red cloth.

"A useless lich who followed my sect's abandoned disciples secretly learned some superficial knowledge of the Heavenly Master Sect's spells. How dare he stir up trouble, tamper with the orthodoxy of Daoism, destroy cities and countries, paint charcoal to create spirits, sacrifice human beings, and not tolerate the Heavenly Dao!"

Zhang Daoming flicked his horsetail whisk, and an eight trigrams pattern appeared around his body. It was filled with a mysterious and vast aura. "Today, This Penniless Priest will help Uncle-Master clean up the sect and destroy this unfilial grand-disciple of yours!"

In an instant!

A yellow piece of paper flew out from Zhang Daoming's fingers. It was filled with mysterious charms!

Rumble…

The talisman ignited, and instantly, thunder rumbled.

In the sky, Zhang Daoming's palm—Heart Lightning—that he had held in his hand at some point in time burst forth with lightning columns that were as thick as elephant legs!

His target was the Lich floating in the air!

…

Author's Note: Author's Note: Thank you to the three Mojitos of the newbie contestant big brother. Thank you big brother for your support! At the same time, thank you to all the brothers who have always supported you! (Author's Note: Thank you to the newbie big brother for 1) I've slept more than four points!