Chapter 436: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (3)

"They give food and wine to the brutal soldiers, medicine and clothes. They offer money to the nobles, and even their own children as slaves. They offer loyalty and dignity to the royal family, and even their lives!"

"Are they innocent? Are they innocent? If it weren't for their role, their tolerance, their groveling, and time again strengthening the bodies of the perpetrators and expanding the souls of the oppressors, would we have to go through this? Would the people of Sarah Island, the people of Furious Sea City, and the cities that I destroyed, the people who were worse than dogs, experience this hellish pain?"

No one answered!

No one could answer!

No one dared to answer!

When the cold and cruel cover was lifted, the nakedness was exposed right under his eyes. All the gorgeous words and fake Taiping were so pale!

"Buddhists seek karma, Daoists seek retribution!"

Zhang Daoming was at a loss for words. He could only adhere to his Daoist roots. "Reverse the course of action and act ruthlessly. The royal family of the Towering Kingdom will ultimately suffer the consequences of their own actions. Those evil aristocrats will not have a good ending."

"Hmph!"

The Lich snorted and did not buy it. "Karma? Retribution? All bullshit! From the moment Sarah Island was destroyed and my family died, I only believed in myself! God? What's the point of begging him? I'll take revenge myself!"

"Stubborn fool!"

Zhang Daoming shook his head and suddenly flicked his sleeve. "In that case, let This Penniless Priest experience your Dharma spells!"

"Hmph, after saying so much, we still have to show our true strength!"

The Undead Lich did not back down. "In this world, it depends on whose fist is bigger and whose words have weight! It's a pity that I didn't understand in the past. When I understood, it was too late. I will never make this mistake again!"

Implosion!

Implosion!

Implosion!

Be it the undead lich or the little Heavenly Master Zhang Daoming, they were all Dharma Lords. One used necromancy spells, while the other used talisman spells. When they attacked each other, it was extremely dazzling and terrifying!

Such a battlefield was not something players could stay in!

Qin Sheng, who was at his peak, could do it. However, he was currently in a weakened state. He was not even comparable to the two girls, the Blood Rose and Blood Rose. How could he dare to be rash?

He quickly retreated, retreated, and retreated again!

In a battle between experts, victory or defeat could be determined in an instant. It was not surprising that it would take several days or even longer!

Fortunately!

The two Grandmasters were both "fast gunners". In order to prove that their ideals were right, they unleashed their true fire. Every move was vicious and deadly. They did not leave any room for negotiation. They attacked with the goal of killing each other!

This way!

Even if the two of them were equally strong and experienced, it would be very difficult for them to ambush the other party and lay the foundation for victory. However, a wild attack that did not care about the price would still have a huge impact. One of them was that the energy consumption was too fast, and his stamina and energy were also rapidly decreasing!

Indeed!

In less than five minutes, both the Lich and Zhang Daoming were injured!

The battlefield was sliced apart once again. The Undead Lich and Zhang Daoming escaped from the entanglement for the second time, and they faced off once again!

Except.

This time, it was not the first time that both parties were in a sorry state. Instead, their bodies were in tatters and their hair was disheveled. The energy that lingered around their bodies was unstable and intermittent. It was obvious that they had almost reached the point of exhaustion!

"Not bad, as expected of Xuan Gate's orthodox sect!”

The Undead Lich wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and smiled. "If I didn't have the Moonlight God Stone to transform my energy into moonlight and not be restrained by you, I might have already lost! Unfortunately, there is moonlight shining in the Moon Temple, and the moonlight is guiding me. I also have the Moonlight God Stone in my hand, so you can't possibly win against me!"

“Really?”

Zhang Daoming's hair was messed up, and there were wounds on his face. He looked extremely disheveled, but his eyes were as clear as before. His Dao heart was firm, completely unaffected by the undead lich. "Then why don't you try the Heavenly Master Sect mystic technique I've been cultivating for fifty years?"

"Is he finally going to use his killer move?"

The Lich grinned and raised his scepter and the Moonlight God Stone. "Show me what you've got! I'll wait and see!"

"Since that's the case!"

Zhang Daoming took a deep breath and grabbed a golden talisman with his right index and middle fingers. "Yin-Yang, Five Elements Demon Slayer Lightning. Please take a look!"

Rumble…

The golden talisman burned to ashes and transformed into a golden ray of light that shot into the sky!

In an instant!

Dark clouds covered the sky and thunder rumbled!

Yin and yang energies, five elements radiance flickered at the same time!

“Power of the Moon God!”

Lightning was the bane of all evil!

Although the Undead Lich was a human, he had already transformed himself into a human that was neither human nor ghost. Furthermore, because he cultivated the Dark Secret Technique, he had long fallen into depravity. Therefore, he was naturally terrified of the Divine Thunder that was righteous and Yang.

Normally, the Lich would escape immediately!

However!

At this moment, the lightning had already gathered, and because of the previous two battles, it had already suffered heavy injuries. There was no way for it to move, so it could only resist!

Fortunately.

Zhang Daoming had trump cards, so did he!

Even though it wasn't as powerful as the orthodox Mount Longhu of the Mystic Sect, the Moonlight Divine Stone in his hand was still a precious treasure of the Moon God. Even if it only contained a trace of the power of the Moon God, it wasn't a Moon God and couldn't unleash its full power. However, it should be enough to deal with a mere Daoist!

Besides!

So what if it wasn't enough?

Did he still have a choice?

Crack!

Seven-colored lightning suddenly descended!

With the five elements of yin and yang, a total of seven types of energy, and the divine lightning that had the effect of destroying evil spirits and demons, struck the head of the Lich!

Buzz…

However!

The Undead Lich, who had already condensed the power of the Moon God and used the Moonlight God Stone to form an energy shield, blocked the Divine Thunder outside and resisted it to the end!

Whether it was Zhang Daoming or the Lich of the Undead, they had already used everything they had. They had placed the outcome of the battle on this strike and used all their skills.

The remaining energy in his body was released without restraint, increasing the chips!

One controlled lightning to increase its power!

One could control divine objects and strengthen their defense!

Battlefield!

The stalemate continued!

Divine lightning rumbled and moonlight flashed!

With the two of them offsetting each other, they, who had been sustained by human strength, slowly dissipated after struggling for less than a minute!

Pfft!

Pfft!

Two blood arrows spewed out from Zhang Daoming and the lich's mouths. They scattered in the air, forming two beautiful blobs of blood!

Due to the depletion of energy, his body, which was originally floating in the air, could no longer sustain itself. He fell down and smashed onto the ground, causing a cloud of dust to fly up!