Chapter 431: Evolution Of Despair

“Ice Lotus Platform, Icy Snow!”

The power of extreme frost, the power of extreme ice, and the power of extreme snow!

Together!

It represented the coldness of the temperature!

It represented a penetrating icicle!

It represented cutting snowflakes!

It poured madly towards the Lich!

Ice and fire!

A strange scarlet rose!

A pure white ice lotus!

Dual Ice and Fire Heavens!

Just like the forbidden spell [Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] that Qin Sheng had just performed, when the incompatible elements were combined together, the effect would definitely be 1 + 1 > 2!

"Don't give up!"

After executing their ultimate move, Sanguine Primrose and Sanguine Primrose both gasped for breath as they held onto their scepter, nearly losing their balance. "Your innate talent should be even stronger than ours, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't have come this far! Our [S] class innate talent can only help you to this point. Your [S] class or even [S] class innate talent should be even stronger, right? If you don't put your life on the line, are you just going to wait for death?”

Qin Luo was speechless!

Looking at the blood rose and white snow lotus blooming in front of him, he was stunned!

Were these the abilities of the Rose Society’s president and vice president? Their [S] class talents were truly terrifying!

Indeed!

None of those who could become big shots were simple!

There were more than a billion players in the Huaxia Battlefront, and there were billions of players in the entire world. There was definitely someone who had the talent of SSS, and he was definitely not the only one!

No one understood the Lord of the Stars' heaven-defying BUG better than him!

However, with [S] class talent, its lethality was terrifying.

The Epic Undead Lich, who was holding the Moonlight God Stone, was suppressed. The Crimson Rose and the White Ice Lotus were engulfed by the combined magic of Fire and Water.

“Truly inconceivable. I never thought that two weak women actually had such great potential within their bodies!”

Combination magic was indeed powerful, but it was impossible to deal with a monster like the Lich.

A familiar black energy burst out and instantly tore apart Sanguine Rose and the white ice lotus. The Undead Lich held the Skeleton Scepter in one hand and the Moonlight God Stone in the other. His cold gaze landed on Sanguine Rose and Blood Rose. His eyes were filled with fervor and excitement. "What a superb material. If I squeeze out your Soul Liquid and Marrow Liquid and concoct a secret potion with the recipe, it might be able to increase the strength of my soul and talent!"

Instantly!

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose started trembling uncontrollably!

It was not a good thing to be targeted by an evil Lich!

Soul liquid and Marrow Liquid didn’t sound good at all!

"Don't be afraid, I will be very gentle!"

The Lich cackled. "You guys are worthy of being my collections. From now on, not only will you be able to retain your youth and live forever, but you will also be able to increase your strength greatly. You will be ten times stronger than you are now, and you will only have to pay a small price. This is such a good deal. Everyone will be happy. Isn't it beautiful?"

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose were trembling even more violently than before, their eyes filled with despair!

Hello, hello, hello?

Like hell I believe you!

What was eternal youth?

What was immortality?

What was ten times stronger?

To be able to obtain such benefits without paying the equivalent price, who was he trying to fool?

In an instant!

A figure appeared in the minds of Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose. It was none other than the boss they had encountered outside the Moon God Temple: Ghostmother Evil Infant!

Wasn't this mother and son duo the work of this bastard?!

Eternal youth?

It was indeed the Ghostmother Evil Infant. One was in the form of a young woman, while the other was in the form of an infant, and they wouldn’t age. Wasn’t this the eternal youth?

Immortality?

That's right, the Ghostmother Evil Infant had already been transformed into an evil and ugly monster. It was no longer a human body, but something even more bizarre. It had an endless lifespan, so wasn't this immortality?

Ten times stronger?

This was not nonsense, but how did he get ten times stronger? No one wanted to experience it!

This was especially true after they had witnessed the terrifying process of creation in the introduction of the Ghostmother Evil Infant. The Bloody Rose and the Blood Rose would rather die than become existences like the Ghostmother Evil Infant!

"Little Qiangwei, what should we do now?"

Blood Rose looked like she was about to cry. Her usual sexy and charming image of a mature sister had completely collapsed. She looked like a cute and helpless little girl.

Sanguine Primrose:…

If you ask me, who should I ask?

"How about we commit suicide? I don't want to be tortured by this disgusting BOSS!"

The Bloody Rose gave her idea without hesitation. Under the gaze of the Lich, she trembled and didn't care about anything else. She only wanted to get out of this damned place as soon as possible.

"This…"

Even Sanguine Primrose, who had always believed that she would never lose to a man, started to hesitate after hearing these words. The righteous words she had just said, the valiance she had displayed earlier, and the desire to fight to the end had all been shattered.

They—

He was terrified!

To this, Qin Luo Sheng, who was standing beside them and listening to every word of the conversation, expressed his understanding!

Not to mention the two girls, even a man like him felt terrified!

This was not considered deserting at the last minute. He was cowardly, but a wise man submits to circumstances!

The strength of the Lich was not something that they could deal with. In front of an enemy that they could not defeat, they had to fight head-on and disregard all consequences. That was not bravery, but stupidity!

Originally, their only hope was to weep!

Let's see if this legendary man can continue to bring about miracles!

This was also the reason why they stood forward just now!

What a pity!

This time, they were destined to be disappointed!

At this moment, Qin Sheng was already crippled!

After being in a weakened state for a day, all skills that could fight a Boss like the Undead Lich were in a CD state. Now, he only had 10% of his attributes in his Normal State. What could he do?

He was not doing anything!

Furthermore!

Due to the high intensity of the battle, his stamina and energy were severely depleted and he was on the verge of collapse. He could not even stand properly and could not even hold his sword. How could he fight the Lich?

"Trying to escape? It's useless! If you're targeted by the Lich, you won't be able to escape from me!"

The experienced Lich immediately saw through the thoughts of the Blood Rose and Blood Rose. He laughed sinisterly and suddenly raised the Moonlight God Stone in his hand. "Fine, I'll let you experience what despair is! I'll let you put down your unrealistic fantasies and become my collection!—Moonlight Extraction of the Moon God!"

…

Author's Note: Thank you to the three Mojitos of the newbie contestant big brother. Thank you big brother for your support! At the same time, thank you to the brothers who have always supported you!