Chapter 430: Explosion, Blood Rose And Blood Rose

Moonlight Divine Stone?!!

A bitter smile appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's face!

He had used all his trump cards in the battle with the Lich. He had even used the Death God's Embrace, which could affect his character. He had indeed killed the Lich, but he had fallen to this rock.

What was this?

Seriously, what a joke!

The treasure that the Moon God had given to the humans had helped the humans kill demons and monsters. The foundation of the temple had been destroyed. The Moon God Temple had been destroyed, all the priests of the Moon God had been killed, and the Undead Liches of the Moon God Division had been used. He, who was supposed to avenge the Moon God Temple, had been completely destroyed!

How ironic!

"I have already refined a portion of this Moon God's former treasure. I can use its ability to entrust a trace of my soul to it. Your Law of Death killed me, but it did not kill my soul that was attached to the Moonlight God Stone. Therefore, with its help, I was reborn."

The Undead Lich ignored Qin Sheng, whose mental activity was terrible, and continued to provoke him. "How is it? Do you feel despair?"

"Despair? Perhaps!"

Qin Luo stood up shakily with the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hand. This time, he did not point his sword horizontally and was in high spirits. Instead, his body was trembling like a dying old man who could fall down at any moment.

"Ding… Due to your body, the effects of the holy flame have been forcefully ended!"

"Ding… Due to your body, the Dragon Blood Burnt effect has been forcefully ended. You have entered a weakened state for one day!"

"Ding… Due to your mental state, the Indestructible Battle Intent effect has been forcefully ended!"

"Ding… Due to your body, the Blood Boiling effect has been forcefully ended!"

"Ding… Due to your body, the Ice Skin effect has been forcibly ended!"

"Ding… Due to your body, the jade bone's effect has been forcefully ended!"

Qin Sheng ignored the prompts from the system!

Relying on his willpower, he tried his best to straighten his body. His legs trembled and his body trembled. Even though he was in great pain, he did not relax. He gritted his teeth and persevered. This was his final stubbornness!

"What a tenacious will!"

When the undead lich saw Qin Sheng's actions, it shut its mouth and no longer mocked him. He could see the shadow of his past self from Qin Sheng.

This was an unyielding man!

This was a great warrior!

"Indeed, you are exactly the same as me!"

The Undead Lich smiled and said, "It's not just experience. It's not just pain. It's the same for your character. You're equally stubborn and tenacious!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not reply. He did not know what to say, nor could he say anything right now. This was because at this moment, he could even feel pain in his lungs from breathing.

“Let me personally send you on your way!”

Seeing the pained look on Qin Sheng's face, the Lich of the Undead had a rare silence. He did not mock or dig at him and restrained his smile. He stepped forward and stretched out a finger towards Qin Sheng. Black energy condensed on his fingertip. "I will leave you with an intact corpse, but I will not enslave your soul. This might be the only mercy and kindness of the me who has long fallen into darkness! Wait for me in hell. Wait for me to destroy the Towering Country. Perhaps, we will meet again one day."

Swish!

Dark beams shot out.

Without the slightest amplification effect, Qin Sheng, whose attributes had dropped to 10% due to his weakened state, could not resist at all. He was hit on the spot and pierced through his body!

However!

Qin Luo Sheng was not dead!

Instead, a white light emitted from his chest and pure life force burst forth, pulling him back from the gates of hell!

"Ding, the Blessing effect of the Life Goddess has been triggered. You have been resurrected. Current Health Points: 10% (Originally 50%, but due to the Weakening effect, it has been forcibly reduced to 10%)!"

Revive?

I forgot about this ability!

However!

Now, what was the use of reviving?

It was just one more death and more torture!

"Fine, let's stop here!"

Qin Sheng could not help but close his eyes when he saw the dark energy condensed at the tip of the Undead Lich's finger again. He had chosen to stand up not because he wanted to fight, but because he did not want to be killed while lying on the ground in a sorry state. That was all.

No matter how unwilling he was to admit defeat,

However, reality was just that cruel. It would not shift with your personal will.

Losing meant losing!

Defeat meant defeat!

Death was death!

There were no exceptions!

"Don't admit defeat, Weeping Soul!"

Just as Qin Luo closed his eyes and waited for death, he suddenly heard a cold shout. Accompanied by two delicate fragrances that drifted into his nose, he opened his eyes.

"What are you doing?"

He looked at the Bloody Rose and Blood Rose, who had unknowingly appeared in front of him. Qin Sheng's face was filled with astonishment. He took a glance at their frail backs and said in agony, "It's already over! We've failed this mission! This BOSS is too BUG. It's not something that players at the current stage can defeat. I've killed him three times and he has revived three times. He still has the Moonlight God Stone in his hands. You guys can't defeat him!"

"Shut up!"

Sanguine Primrose, who had always been aloof and never offended him, suddenly exploded in anger, bringing out her authority as the guild leader of the Primrose Militia. She held her scepter tightly in her hands and looked at the terrifying Undead Lich without any thoughts of retreating. "So what if I am? It's just a BOSS, how dare you let me, Sanguine Primrose, escape? In my dictionary, there is no such thing as' submission '. At most, I'll just die, that's all!"

"That suits me, Little Qiangwei!"

Blood Rose was so excited that her whole body was trembling. Her exquisite and voluptuous, curvaceous and perfect figure caused waves of eye-catching flesh waves. "It's just the one and only battle, what's there to be afraid of?—I'm Blood Rose, the Blood Rose that's known as the Queen of Blood. Ever since I entered Moonlight Forest, it's always been this kid's one-man show. It's finally my turn, how can I not have an extremely gorgeous and perfect curtain call?"

"Bloody Rose!"

A scarlet rose was released from the blood-soaked rose's hand. It was the size of a palm and gradually spread out, enlarging, blooming, exploding—

Demonic and beautiful!

On the other side—

The cold Blood Rose held a water-type magic staff in her hands as ice lotuses bloomed all over her body. Pure and transparent ice crystals floated around her body, making her look like a goddess of ice and snow, holy and cold, inviolable!

Following the recitation of the incantation, the ice crystal lotus platform that had protected her under the [Forbidden Curse: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] appeared under her feet once again, erupting with extreme coldness!