Chapter 435: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (2)

"…Exhausted, defeated!"

Even Qin Luo Sheng, a semi-professional, could understand it, and the Little Daoist was no exception!

Except.

So what if he understood it?

There was no way to solve it!

He knew, and so did the Liches!

If he wanted to seduce the Lich with his schemes, the Lich would not fall for it. He would not be given any chance. He would use his home ground advantage to defeat him!

"As expected of an authentic successor of the Heavenly Master Sect. Zhang Daoling's bloodline is truly exquisite!"

The Lich cackled. "It's a pity that you chose the wrong enemy and the wrong place. Do you really think that I'm the old ghost of my master? He only learned a little bit of the Heavenly Master Sect. Then, he used a few secret techniques dug up from the tombs and tampered with them. He made himself look like a human and a ghost. His strength was only so-so and did not improve much!"

"Oh? Then how much better are you than that traitor? You look neither human nor ghost?"

Zhang Daoming snorted coldly. "You are a lonely ghost. You aren't even comparable to your master, that traitor of the sect. At least, he's only a traitor of the sect. He didn't cheat his master or destroy his ancestors, nor did he paint his face red. As for you, not only did you kill your master, but you also used evil arts to lead the undead army to destroy more than ten cities. The lives that died at your hands numbered in the millions. Have you really gone completely mad? Do you not have the slightest bit of compassion?"

"Mercy? Mercy?"

The Lich laughed wildly. "What an emotional word! I have compassion. Who has been merciful to me?"

Zhang Daoming fell silent!

"I know about your misfortune, but this is not a reason for you to kill the innocent!"

Zhang Daoming recited a poem, and his tone slowed down significantly. "Daoism does not do anything. It preaches that Daoism seeks nature, so it won't stop you from taking revenge. However, the Heavenly Dao is clear. You should have a goal for taking revenge, and not pour your anger and misfortune on the innocent. They have no sins. Why must your hatred continue like this! The people you kill, their descendants will seek revenge on you. There will be no end to revenge!"

"Shut up!"

The Lich roared, "You are not me. How do you know what I have experienced? What you know is only a few words recorded on a thin piece of paper. What can you see from it? Have you experienced it yourself? Have you seen it with your own eyes? Do you really understand?"

Zhang Daoming fell silent once again!

Qin Sheng and the others below did not speak either!

Qin Sheng did not know what Sanguine Rose and Blood Rose were thinking, but he agreed with the Lich.

Don't try to persuade others to be kind without suffering!

If you don't know the truth, I'll advise you to be a magnanimous' saint '. This kind of person should stay as far away from him as possible. Otherwise, when the heavens strike, it's very likely that you will be implicated!

The cruelty of history was only a few strokes. A few cold words recorded one thing!

For future generations, they could only see a few words, a few paragraphs, or an article. That was all!

However, behind the cold words, the people who were struggling inside, the pain they experienced, the mental torture, was not something that outsiders could imagine.

Qin Sheng was very fortunate. He had lived in a peaceful era and had not encountered any great calamities or tribulations, nor had he faced any pain or torture.

But!

These things did not come for no reason!

Human history was a war history!

Thousands of years, just a tiny bit of time. There was no war!

War was cruel!

Hence, peace was hard to come by!

Even in the modern society that boasted of civilization, didn't there always be conflicts and wars?

Living in a safe country like China was really lucky!

He would rather be a prosperous dog than a man in troubled times!

How much bitterness and blood did this short sentence contain?

And didn't modern peace come from the flesh and blood of their ancestors?

At that time, even children who weren’t even ten years old went to the battlefield, almost having their clans wiped out. How could they not remember this deeply?

Qin Sheng, who had experienced the suffering of the Lich of the Undead, could deeply understand it even if he could only empathize with it!

In the movies and television dramas of his previous life, the people who were tortured by the invaders were his compatriots, his ancestors, and the Chinese who shared the same Yan Huang bloodline as him!

Hunting game, biochemical experiments, live anatomy, QJ rotation J, WA concentration camp…

When we saw this on screen, our hearts couldn't help but tremble, our eyes filled with tears, and we felt indignant!

When faced with such cruelty, how desperate and helpless were those persecuted compatriots?

So!

True hatred must be washed away with blood!

Other than blood for blood, tooth for tooth, there was no other way to appease those souls that died with endless hatred!

It was the same for the Liches!

Other than destroying the Towering Country that had caused him to be in such a miserable state, there was no other way that could make his thoughts clear and allow his relatives in the netherworld to be comforted.

What a pity!

To an ordinary person, doing this was going against the norm. It was inhumane!

Hence!

He would be stopped by countless people, countless so-called righteous people, including Qin Sheng!

"I'm sorry, everyone has their own masters!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the undead lich who was still talking to Zhang Daoming and sighed silently in his heart. He apologized to him. "In the future, if I have the chance, I will exterminate the entire royal family of the Towering Kingdom as a memorial for you!"

"Cut the crap!"

After being questioned by the undead lich, Zhang Daoming retreated in defeat. He was no match for it at all. After all, he was the one in the wrong. If not for the emperor's orders to clean up the mess, he wouldn't even be willing to come here.

Daoism emphasized inaction and retribution!

To Zhang Daoming, no matter how extreme the undead lich's actions were, the ones who deserved death the most were the royal family of the Towering Kingdom, as well as the nobles and tyrannical soldiers!

"How nice would it be if you only seek revenge from the royal family of the Pale Spirit Kingdom!"

Zhang Daoming took a deep breath and strengthened his Dao heart. "Unfortunately, you took the wrong path and inflicted pain on the innocent citizens, destroying more than ten cities in a row. Be it the will of humans, the will of Human Emperor, or anything else, they will not allow you to continue!"

"Shut up!"

The Undead Lich roared, "What do you know, a cow who is cultivating in the deep mountains? No snowflakes are innocent in an avalanche! What if I harmed so many innocent people? Do you know what they did?"