Chapter 439: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (6)

"Incompetent Fury?"

Looking at Qin Luo's expression, the Lich of the Undead did not mock him. It was as if he was looking at himself in a mirror, seeing his past self, seeing that unbearable scene.

Being trampled on by an expert without any strength was impossible. They could only howl like wild beasts and curse like evil spirits.

“Unfortunately, no matter how strong your will is, you’re still unable to overcome the cruel reality!”

The Undead Lich taught Qin Luo Sheng his last lesson coldly. It was a lesson that he had gone through, a lesson that cost him his life.

"I, who have the Moon God Stone, am undefeated in the Moon God's glorious form!"

Moonlight Divine Stone!

Moon God's Glory!

Damn it!

It was this disgusting thing that caused everything to fail!

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth.

"It's useless. Stop struggling!"

Seeing that Qin Luo was still frantically attacking the Moonlight Cage, the undead lich said, "Without the power of the moon and the power of gods on the same level as the Moon Goddess, you won't be able to open this cage!"

Moonlight Force?

The power of a god on the same level as the Moon God?

Qin Luo was stunned!

He seemed to have thought of something!

He reached into his backpack!

In less than a second!

A stone glowing with moonlight appeared in Qin Luo Sheng's hand!

[Heart of the Moon God]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: The energy core that contains the dense power of the Moon God seems to have some special use.

This was what he had gathered from the fallen Moon God High Priest.

Since the name had the word "Moon God" in it, coupled with the fact that the full greeting would definitely be a rare or mysterious series, he had always carried it with him. Moreover, he had placed it in the most conspicuous position so that he could use it during this trip to the Moon God Temple. Perhaps, when and where it would be useful.

Buzz…

The moment the Moon God's Heart appeared, more than half of the power of the moon that had been absorbed by the Moonlight Divine Stone suddenly shifted towards Qin Sheng. To be precise, it was headed towards the Moon God's Heart in his hands!

'Ding… Heart of the Moon God absorbs the power of the moon and begins to revive!

'Ding… Heart of the Moon God detected the Moonlight God Stone. Do you wish to seize control?'

Surprise!

It came so suddenly!

Qin Sheng was not prepared at all!

The Moon God’s Heart was something that existed in the Grand Priest of the Moon God Realm. The thing on this person who had betrayed the Moon God was actually the core of the Moon God Stone’s control?

"Seize control!"

Seeing that the effects of the Golden Light Talisman were less than five seconds away, Qin Sheng roared and gave the order!

Swish…

The Undead Lich opened his hand and let the Moonlight God Stone land on his palm. He did not expect such a ridiculous thing to happen. By the time he reacted, the Moonlight God Stone had slipped out of his hand!

Departed Spirit Lich: (f*ck)

Zhang Daoming was speechless.

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Blood Rose:???

Other than Qin Sheng, everyone else had a face full of question marks. They had no idea what had happened!

The others were dumbfounded, but Qin Sheng, who had been paying attention to the time, did not!

"Splash…"

Without the Moon God Stone, the Undead Lich could not devour the power of the moonlight and was instantly beaten back to its original form from the Moon God's radiance. At the same time, he obtained the Heart of the Moon God and the Moon God Stone, an inner core and a body. The two treasures, Qin Sheng, became the second-generation eye that could control the moonlight!

Instantly!

The cage formed by the moonlight directly shattered. Like a mirror, it turned into sparkling and translucent tiny fragments!

“Damn brat!”

The Undead Lich dragged his heavily injured body, which had not been treated by Yuehua, towards Qin Sheng in a mixture of shock and anger. It looked as if it should have been Qin Sheng, but now it had landed on the Moonlight Divine Stone in Qin Luo's hands, as well as the heart of the Moon God which he had bitterly searched for. With a wave of his staff, he shifted his body and prepared to snatch it!

The remaining time of the Golden Light Curse was four seconds!

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

A dense light flashed and Xiaoxiao, who was about to reach Rank two and 30, was summoned.

"Xiaoxiao, quick, use Dragon Roar Impact!" (PS: [Dragon Roar Impact] consumes 5,000 Mana Points, mobilizes the blood of the True Dragon in your body, and emits an intimidating dragon's roar, dealing 500% damage and adding a mandatory 3 second Fear effect. Cooldown: 1 hour!)

Qin Luo Sheng did not have the time to explain to Xiaoxiao at all. He just instructed her directly!

If it was any other pet that had just been summoned, even if its master had given the order in time, there would definitely be some delay.

However!

Xiao-Xiao and Qin Sheng had signed a bloodline contract of the highest grade. Their minds were already connected, and a single thought was conveyed over without even needing words.

"Roar!"

A tender dragon's roar could be heard all of a sudden!

Even though the Undead Lich was now a half-step Legendary—no, due to the loss of the Moon God Stone, the Moon God's brilliance had dissipated, and he had returned to the Epic stage, he was still a magical existence. His mental strength was extremely strong, and it was very difficult to control him!

However!

Little He Xulong?

That was the legacy treasure of the Dragon God. Even the Dragon Emperor bloodline was not as advanced as his!

Even if he was still in his nascent state and had yet to enter the growth stage (Rank 30 Second Stage Profession), not to mention the maturity stage (Rank 50 Third Stage Profession), the metamorphosis stage (Rank 80 Fourth Stage), and the peak stage (Rank 100 Fifth Stage), the first roar of the Milk Tiger could still make the hundred beasts panic. How could a dragon that was of a higher level than a True Dragon not be able to suppress a mere Epic Boss?

“Dragon Roar Impact!”

-1,500,000!

With five times the damage, the Lich lost 150,000 health points.

How terrifying!

Xiaoxiao was not even Level 30!

With this level and strength, not only did his voice cause the Lich to be terrified for three seconds, but he also managed to deal such terrifying damage beyond level 10.

U

Believable!

Golden Light Spell, countdown of 3 seconds!

Buzz…

Qin Sheng, who was wielding his sword, had a determined look on his face and was full of fighting spirit. He pointed the tip of the Coiling Dragon Water at the Lich, who was in a state of fear, and began to accumulate power!

Counting down to 2 seconds!

Counting down to 1 second!

He had gathered his strength!

"Heaven Crushing—Slash!" (PS: [Heaven Crushing Slash (Special)] Aiming in one direction, accumulating power for three seconds, using the ultimate slash of all strength, full of faith and fighting spirit, able to cut and destroy even the heavens. Attack strength + 1000%, with the Destruction attribute. The width and length of the slash is determined by the user's strength! After using it, fall into a weakened state for 1 hour. Cooldown time: 7 days!)

Qin Sheng, who had locked onto the Lich, unleashed everything he had, his strength, his spirit, his beliefs…

The unparalleled Sword Aura, which seemed to be able to cut the sky, slashed towards the Lich!