Chapter 437: The Light Of Miracles, The Heart Of The Moon God (4)

This was!

Did both sides suffer?

Things had happened so quickly that Qin Luo and the other two had too much to take in. After watching the dazzling scene in the sky, they did not have time to take action. The two big bosses fell to the ground like birds with broken wings.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng's heart began to beat violently. "Could it be that I've encountered the legendary double loss? Am I f*cking destined to be the protagonist?"

After exchanging glances with Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose, the three of them began moving forward cautiously!

The reason why they did not dare to approach the battlefield earlier was because there were two "fierce tigers" fighting. Now, both "fierce tigers" were seriously injured and could not even get up easily. What was there to be afraid of?

As the saying goes, those who starve to death are cowards, and those who are courageous at most die. Since they dared to break into the Moonlight Forest, kill their way into the Moon God Temple, and charge all the way here, how could they be afraid?

Although he could escape now and retreat safely, how could he be willing to accept this?

He had risked his life to force the Lich to such a state. Eleven girls had died, and his reinforcements had come out to fight. How could he escape?

Tsk…

Who was he looking down on?

"It's really like when the sandpiper and the clam fight, the fisherman benefits!"

Even though they were unable to sense each other for a period of time due to the impact of the energies, Zhang Daoming and the Undead Lich, as Dharma Lords, had extremely sharp senses. They had already sensed it the moment Qin Sheng and the others moved over.

"It seems like I've won this battle!"

Zhang Daoming tried his best to prop up half of his body and looked at the lich lying on the ground opposite him. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he smiled. "This is your territory. On the battlefield, you, who wields the Moonlight Divine Stone, have the advantage. However, you, who have gone against the rules, no longer trust anyone. You are in cahoots with puppets, so you ultimately don't have anyone you trust to accompany you. But I'm different. Even though I'm heavily injured on the ground, there are people who will complete my mission and kill the exhausted you!"

Lich:…

"Probing!"

As the two big shots conversed, Qin Luo and the other two also reached over.

Even though it seemed like the Lich could not move, Qin Sheng, who had suffered a lot in his hands, was not careless at all. Like the rash youth, he rushed forward excitedly and used the Probing Skill from the furthest distance. Was this fellow really not going to make it or was he pretending, waiting for them to take the bait and capture them all at once?

[Undead Lich (Half-Legendary Boss)]

Level: 50

Health: 2448100 / 120000

Mana: 1288200 / 5800000

Physical Attack: 18,000

Magic Attack: 75000

Physical Defense: 10,000

Magic Defense: 15,000

Speed: 3000

Skills:???

Introduction: Undead Lich. Unknown origins. A terrifying dark creature that rose up in the past ten years. It successfully evolved from a dark Magus to a terrifying Lich. It became close to death, embraced the darkness, and became an undead Lich. Ten years ago, it attacked the third battalion of the Towering Kingdom and killed hundreds of thousands of soldiers and generals. It summoned the Undead Army and used it to attack the Furious Sea City. It massacred the entire city and shocked the continent. For ten years, it annihilated the eighteen cities of the Towering Kingdom. Every time, it turned the entire city into a death zone and turned all living creatures into undead. Due to its actions, it successfully ranked seventh on the continent's bounty rankings.

[Current Form: Moon God's Glory]

[Current Status: Microsoft]

It was true!

Qin Luo was pleasantly surprised!

The weakness of the Lich was real, not fake!

He had less than 2.5 million HP left. His Attack, Defense, and Speed had also decreased drastically. He was no longer at his peak!

"As expected of a warrior who dared to barge into the Moon God Temple alone, he is indeed heroic and extraordinary!"

Zhang Daoming praised, "After seeing this fellow's evilness and strength, you can still overcome your fear. Instead of retreating, you are advancing. You are very good!"

"What a hypocrite!"

Perhaps the undead lich knew that it was impossible for Qin Sheng to turn Qin Luo against him, so it didn't waste its breath. Instead, it looked at Zhang Daoming mockingly and said disdainfully, "It looks like you are about the same as me. If you want to use others, you have to sweet-talk them a little!"

Zhang Daoming: "…"

What was a scam?

I meant what I said.

"You don't have to say anything. Your thoughts are exactly what I'm thinking. Unfortunately, even if you are seriously injured and can't move, the three of us can't do anything to the Lich!"

Qin Luo Sheng said with a bitter smile, his face full of regret.

It was not that he wanted to shirk the responsibility, but that it was the truth!

Even though the Undead Lich was slightly weakened, his physical defense was still 10,000 points, and his Mana Defense was 15,000 points!

How could they fight like this?

The other party's defense was higher than his attack. He did not even have the qualifications to take Gua!

In addition, the Undead Lich was still at Rank Three and 50, which was higher than the three of them who were not even Rank Two, a total of Rank Twenty (Qin Luo was Rank 33). Needless to say, its attack was bound to be an unlimited MISS. Even if it was hit occasionally, it would be a mandatory -1 Health Points and would be useless!

"Well said!"

The Lich laughed maniacally. "These three brats want my life? They are delusional!"

"Don't be smug!"

Zhang Daoming's expression was very ugly, but he didn't show any weakness. "Just now, when I confirmed that you were the one behind the Moon God Temple, I sent a message. I believe that it won't be long before the nearby reinforcements arrive. You won't be able to escape!"

“Really?”

The Lich smirked and revealed a sinister smile. "Are there any more reinforcements? However, it's a pity that you can't wait until then. When your reinforcements arrive, they will probably be collecting your corpses!"

‘ What do you mean?’

Everyone was stunned!

"Have you all forgotten that this is my home ground! I have the Moonlight God Stone in my hands and it is being absorbed and restored by the moonlight!"

The Lich shook the Moonlight Stone in his hand and laughed. "I'm about to take action! What do you think will happen next?"

Qin Luo and the others were all silent!

The huge Moon Temple fell into a strange silence. Apart from the lich's arrogant laughter, there was no other sound!

Was this really the end?

Hope to despair, despair to hope, and now despair.

It was like a roller coaster!

If it wasn't for Qin Sheng's strong mental endurance, he wouldn't be able to take it anymore!

"That's impossible. My guess should be correct! Could there be more than one reinforcement?"

Qin Luo Sheng was still somewhat unwilling to believe it. They had already come this far. How could he give up so easily at the final juncture?

“Little friend, listen to me!”

Just as Qin Luo and the other two were filled with despair, Zhang Daoming's voice suddenly rang out by their ears. They turned their heads and looked at him. They didn't know when, but this young-looking Daoist who was at least their grandfather's age had already propped himself up and sat cross-legged.