Chapter 433: Qin Luo'S Reflection And Analysis

Wasn't this too exaggerated?

Qin Luo Sheng was dumbstruck as he looked at the daoist who was fighting with the undead lich in the air. He opened his mouth and could not close it for a long time!

"Little Qiangwei, we seem to be saved!"

Qin Luo was not the only one. The two girls beside him were also surprised and confused. Under the cold moonlight, their pale faces, which had been frightened by the Lich of the Undead, turned rosy.

"I thought that there would be hidden factions and hidden sects, but I never thought that we would have the chance to come into contact with them at this stage. This might be our opportunity!"

Sanguine Primrose was indeed worthy of being called Sanguine Primrose. Just a moment ago, she had been badly frightened by the Undead Lich. Now that she had yet to fully recover from her shock, she was actually thinking about this?

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless!

Was this the difference between a loser and a big shot?

I got it!

"The Heavenly Master of Mount Longhu! He's really too awesome!"

The topic was switched on and the attention of the blood-soaked rose shifted over. Sister Yu instantly became a fangirl. She held her hands in front of her chest and looked at the handsome young Daoist priest who was unrestrained in the air. He controlled lightning and sprinkled talismans, and the Yin Yang Fish of the Eight Trigrams constantly flickered. He looked as though his heart was overflowing with love. "I've been to Mount Longhu several times in the past. Why haven't I met such a good-looking and capable young Daoist priest? Wuwu…"

Hey!

Big Sis, wake up!

Stop daydreaming!

This was the virtual world of the game. How could there be such a ferocious person in real life?

However!

If you want to have a relationship with this handsome young Daoist boy, it's not impossible. After all, this game world supports NPCs and players XXOO!

"Weeping Soul, what do you think of this mission?"

After a round of nonsense, the Blood Rose was pacified by the Blood Rose. She looked at Qin Sheng and asked, "You should have come into contact with these things a long time ago. You shouldn't have been hiding these things, right?"

Qin Sheng:…

Sanguine Primrose was right!

He had not encountered any hidden sects, but he had encountered hidden NPCs!

For example, the Alchemist Wu Lin who was hiding in the Beginner's Village!

For example, the daughter of the Starlight City’s City Lord and the leader of the Rose Mercenary Squad, Luo Li!

For example, Gu Qingfeng and Li Dongliu from the City Lord Manor!

"You should have noticed something wrong with this mission!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored Sanguine Rose's question and answered her question, "The Lich is so strong that he doesn't even look like an Ancient BOSS!"

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Blood Rose:???

"Sorry, we have never encountered an Epic BOSS before, so we can't evaluate it!"

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose replied expressionlessly.

Qin Sheng:…

This was f * * king awkward!

That was true!

Perhaps there were players who had encountered an Epic BOSS before. However, an Epic BOSS that was far stronger than a Gold BOSS that was one level lower was really powerful. Even if they encountered one, they would be helpless. Not to mention killing it, it would be considered lucky if they could escape from the BOSS.

Qin Luo was probably the only one who could kill an Epic-ranked BOSS head-on!

‘ Of course.’

This was his previous thought.

Ever since Sanguine Primrose and Sanguine Rose unleashed their terrifying awakening abilities, their power was comparable to forbidden spells.

The world was too big. There were crouching tigers and hidden dragons among the people. Who knew what demons and ghosts would appear?

SSS Talent was indeed at the top.

However, he was not the only one with SSS talent!

One should not underestimate the heroes of the world!

However!

With the existence of the "assistant" system, it was indeed Qin Sheng, the first Epic Boss to be killed, and the World Television to be the witness!

He was the first person to kill an Epic Boss alone, but he did not know if anyone could kill an Epic Boss in a group!

Qin Qin Sheng guessed that someone must have done it before!

There was no need to look at the world. Just the Huaxia warzone alone, which had the BUG-level ability "Miracle of Starlight", was unable to monopolize the equipment rankings. It was even squeezed in by East Imperial and Martial Emperor.

‘ You can see that.’

These two fellows were not just legends. They were truly capable!

To be able to drop Epic equipment, even if they had not killed an Epic Boss before, they would definitely complete a mission of the same level as an Epic Boss!

"Hu…"

He exhaled heavily.

Qin Qin Sheng restrained his arrogance once again.

Previously, they thought that with the talent of SSS, and with the continuous evolution of the Lord of Stars, and the continuous awakening of BUG-level skills, they were arrogant and condescending. In the end, they were taught a lesson by the various powerful Bosses!

Alright!

A monster like the BOSS could not be compared, could he not compete?

I'll compete with the players!

Now, Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose had given him yet another blow!

So!

The other players who had always looked down on him and even looked down on him had such terrifying strength!

Two girls with [S] class talents could activate terrifying abilities. Firstly, they could protect themselves in his [Forbidden Spell: Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance]. Secondly, they could deal great damage to the Ancient BOSS Undead Lich.

Qin Qin Sheng could guarantee that this was definitely not their everything. It was merely the tip of the iceberg!

Even though their abilities were not comparable to the Lord of the Stars, they had their own specialties. The Lord of the Stars' abilities were more like support. Even though they were all BUG level skills, in terms of lethality, they were not as good as Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose!

"Hey, hey, what are you pretending to be? Say something! What are you thinking?"

The urging of the blood-soaked rose brought Qin Sheng back from his deep thoughts.

Looking at the dissatisfied faces of the two girls, Qin Sheng smiled and said, “The system has a very strict assessment of the difficulty of the quest. Do you think that this trip to the Moon God Temple, [S] class is worthy?”

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose fell silent!

"Not worthy!"

Qin Luo Sheng answered on their behalf, "The front is still quite normal. The nine palaces at the back, especially the central palace, are all Silver-tier BOSSes at the very least. The highest is an enhanced Gold-tier BOSS with a level of 40! Based on your level when you accepted the mission, the difference is about 15 levels. Is that reasonable?"

"It definitely doesn't make sense!"

Qin Luo Sheng continued, "It's fine if it's just the little monsters in front, but this Undead Lich, as you've all seen, his combat strength is simply ridiculous!—Firstly, he's a magic-type Boss. Secondly, he's capable of flying the entire time. Thirdly, he has the ability to revive, and it's as high as three times. Fourthly, he can summon as many as a thousand Demon Beast Bosses as we've killed earlier. Fifthly, he's also holding the Moon God's Moonlight Stone, the divine object of the Moon God Temple. It's also what we came here to look for, the mission target!"

“You mean?”