Chapter 442: Zhang Daoming'S Store

It was done!

It was finally done!

It wasn't just Qin Luo. The Blood Rose and Blood Rose heaved a huge sigh of relief!

Compared to Qin Sheng, who was a loner, as the leader and second-in-command of the Rose Society, the pressure was even greater!

Who knew that this f*cking mission actually took them so long!

Even if he could control it remotely now, the structure of the union was still complete. There were still many core members, especially professionals, who were taking care of it. It would not affect the operation of the Rose Society.

However, as the guild leader and vice guild leader, especially Sanguine Primrose, she was the soul of the Primrose Militia. If she did not appear for a long time, the morale of the guild would definitely fluctuate.

It was a good thing that everyone was in the beginning stages of a newbie and focused on development. They would not easily start a war and let others benefit from it. Otherwise, when the guild leader was not around, it would be easy for other forces to start a war.

Ding… congratulations [Rose Mercenary Group] on completing S-rank hidden mission—Moon Temple. Reward: Level + 1, Reputation + 10,000! '

"Ding, according to evaluation, your Contribution Points have exceeded 90% in this mission. Additional reward: Level + 1, Random Job Equipment, Random Job Skill Book, Random Scroll!"

"Ding… Congratulations on killing Undead Lich. You have completed the bounty mission. Please head to the authorities to receive your reward!"

The continuous prompts made Qin Luo sink into bliss and joy!

Good lord!

Qin Luo cried out!

Wasn't this reward too hardcore?

Experience?

What was that!

This was not a high-class item. Could it show how impressive an S-rank hidden quest was?

If he wanted to come, he would just level up!

First was the reward for completing the mission of the mercenary group, level + 1!

Following that!

It was another bonus contribution point reward for the mission. Level + 1!

Awesome!

Initially, he had relied on the great Lich to summon thousands of puppets and let him use [Forbidden Spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] to wipe them out. He had obtained a huge amount of EXP and 30 million EXP instantly soared to Level 33!

This time, the quest completion gave him another two levels, reaching level 35!

Open the rankings!

First place was him, leading far ahead without any surprise!

However!

The second one was a little unexpected. It was actually Sanguine Primrose?

Damn!

Before entering Moonlight Forest, this girl didn't even make it onto the rankings board. She just slipped away and completed a mission, and directly broke through to second place?

Level 32?!

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

If she remembered correctly, she was only Level 29 before, right?

No!

It should be Level 30. After clearing thousands of puppet monsters, she leveled up too!

In that case…

She also received a level + 2 mission reward?

Tsk!

The captain was indeed good. The initiator of the mission was the best!

He had gotten the reward from lying down!

o (￣ ▽ ￣ o #!

"Now that this matter is settled, this poor Taoist also has to return to report to His Majesty the Emperor. I'll return to Mount Longhu to report to the sect. The mountains are high and the waters are far. I'll take my leave here!"

Zhang Daoming had also rested for quite some time while reciting the Sutra of Transcendence. At this moment, he was no longer in a state where he could forcefully split himself with the Undead Lich. His injuries were so severe that he was unable to move. He stood up and bade farewell to Qin Sheng and the other two.

"Wait!"

Seeing that Zhang Daoming was about to leave, Qin Sheng hurriedly called out to him, "Little Heavenly Teacher, it's fate that we've met. I've admired Mount Longhu for a long time. I wonder if we can get to know each other?"

Get to know him?

Zhang Daoming was stunned. He looked at Qin Luo Sheng's undisguised desire and instantly understood!

"Daoism emphasizes the laws of fate. Since you three can meet me here, it must be fate!"

Zhang Daoming chuckled and said, "Besides, we've dealt with the great fiend, the Lich of the Undead together. The fate between the three of you and Mount Longhu isn't shallow."

Qin Luo Sheng nodded fervently!

It was the same for the Bloody Rose and the Blood Rose. Although Qin Sheng did not act so blatantly, they still yearned for it!

No one present was an idiot!

Everyone knew very well that once a hidden sect like Mount Longhu appeared in the later stages of the game, or even in the later stages of the game, it might not even be publicly announced. The benefits they would receive would be unimaginable.

Regardless of whether it was for them who were players or the Rose Society's leader and second-in-command, such opportunities were delivered to their doorsteps. Even if they had to rack their brains, they had to squeeze in and could not miss it.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the friendship of Heavenly Teacher Zhang Daoming of Mount Longhu. Favorability + 100! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining the right to purchase Zhang Daoming's convenience store! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Sanguine Primrose: "???”

Blood Rose:???

The convenience store?

Damn system!

Did your program get messed up? You even came up with a mini mart?

"This is a Summoning Talisman. In the future, if the three of you need any help, you just need to activate it. Naturally, the disciples from Mount Longhu who are closest to you will go and help!"

Zhang Daoming handed over a talisman with a smile and said, "In order to deal with the impending trend of the world, Mount Longhu has been sealed for the past few years. If there's a chance in the future, I'll definitely invite the three of you to Mount Longhu as guests.—This Penniless Priest is about to return to report. However, it's fate that we meet. This Penniless Priest still has some small toys here. I wonder if you guys are interested?"

As he spoke.

A screen of light slowly unfolded before Qin Luo and the other two!

o (⊙ ▽ ⊙) o!

???

Oh my god!

Who's posturing!

It was so glaring!

Zhang Daoming's Shop

Essence Restoring Talisman: Instantly recover 50% health points and mana. Price: 1 crystal coin!

Gale Talisman: Increases movement speed by 100% for 10 seconds. Price: 1 crystal coin!

Strength Talisman: Increases physical strength by 50% for 30 seconds. Price: 3 crystal coins!

Origins Returning Talisman: Increases one's spirit by 50% for 30 seconds. Price: 1 crystal coin!

Clear Heart Talisman: Remove all negative effects. Price: 5 crystal coins!

Divine Fire Symbol: Increases Fire Energy by 50% for 10 seconds. Price: 3 crystal coins!

Modest Wind Talisman: Increases wind energy by 50% for 10 seconds. Price: 3 crystal coins!

Weak Water Talisman: Increases water energy by 50% for 10 seconds. Price: 3 crystal coins!

Thick Earth Talisman: Increases Earth Energy by 50% for 10 seconds. Price: 3 crystal coins!

Thunderfall Talisman: Summon Thunderbolt Attack. Price: 5 crystal coins!

Five Elements Thunder Talisman: Summon five stars divine thunder attack for 10 seconds. Price: 10 crystal coins!

Exorcism Talisman:…

Demon Slayer Talisman:…

Diamond Seal:…

…

It was dazzling!

It was too much to take in!

Qin Qin and the other two were like country bumpkins who had never seen the world. They were dazzled by the series of talismans on the list of items!

Too fierce!

It was really too fierce!

Qin Luo was wild with joy!

After the hidden NPC Alchemist Wu Lin in the Beginner's Village, he finally found another item, "Great Merchant"!

Even though the effects of these charms were similar to the potions in Dragon City, the effects were much stronger. 10%, 20% of the abilities could be compared to 50%, 100%?

Once he obtained these charms and sublimated them miraculously with starlight, wouldn't the effects be explosive?

————

Author's Note: Thank you again for the newbie player, big brother's bulldozer. Thank you!———Today, I guarantee that I will complete it. I shall not talk about it anymore. You are urging me to play mahjong again. o (╯ ╰) o! Today is the end.