Chapter 445: Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy, I'Ll F*Cking Explode Buy!

This…

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned and speechless.

I only wanted an apple, and you put me in a colorful fruit basket?!

Tsk!

Are you trying to empty me?

What a terrible person!

However!

I like it!

Damn it!

After browsing through the list, I couldn’t help but drool!

Potential Talisman, Explosive Talisman, Flight Talisman, and Divine Movement Talisman!

These were the four talismans on the hidden list!

However, there were only four types of talismans that could enter the hidden list. In terms of effectiveness, it surpassed the 20 mid-tier talismans on the open list!

Four talismans, four abilities!

Increase all attributes, AOE damage, flying ability, and teleportation skills!

Damn!

This was simply too godly!

Qin Luo needed every type right now!

As a simple and honest Warrior, he was much more agile than other Warriors because he was a Shadow Warrior with a hidden job. Coupled with the skills of the Shadow Warrior, he might not be like a ghost, but at least he could appear and disappear unpredictably. He was much better at getting close to other players.

But no matter how strong he was, he was still a warrior!

His speed was not bad, but he lacked AOE damage and flying ability!

The appearance of these four talismans greatly made up for their flaws!

If he had these things, why would he be in so much pain fighting the Lich?

Needless to say!

Buy, buy, buy!

Damn it, I'll buy it until it explodes!

No matter how expensive it is, the crystal coins in my hands are already unbearably hungry!

However!

When he saw that these four talismans were merely used as the vanguard and there were a few other treasures on the list, Qin Sheng forcefully stopped the "carriage" that was used to purchase the talismans!

What the heck!

What kind of godly equipment was this? A godly item? A godly skill?

Talisman array?

Talisman array formations similar to forbidden spells?

Duality Dao Sword! Glazed Daoist Robe!

Epic weapons and armor?

If he bought the Starlight Miracle Movement, wouldn't he become a legendary supreme-grade item in minutes?

There was nothing to say!

Definitely!

These two items made up for the fact that the Lich was destroyed by the Sky Slash, and all his loot was reduced to ashes!

After killing the BOSS, he did not have any equipment income. He felt very uncomfortable!

Heart-Protecting Mirror!

Extremely special equipment was on the same level as masks, inner crowns and inner armor. It was even rarer than capes and belts!

It was hidden in the armor and did not occupy the equipment slot. Such a good item that could increase combat power and defense must be obtained!

The next step was to inscribe the insights of talismans, complete talismans (Basic). Needless to say, these two combined props would give you the secondary job of inscribing talismans, as well as the engraving method of 49 basic talismans. It was equivalent to giving you a secondary job as a talisman master and a blueprint for 49 types of talismans inscribing!

Super awesome!

However!

Each required 3,000 crystal coins!?

Meow, meow, meow???

F*ck!

It was a little expensive!

But this was the chicken that laid the golden egg, like the Essence Restoring Talismans, Gale Talismans, Strength Talismans, and so on. They were probably all from the Talisman Encyclopedia. If he learned them and made them himself, how many crystal coins would he save?

Now, crystal coins were not dispensable delights, but rare treasures that were much more expensive than gold coins!

Qin Luo Sheng was extremely regretful now. Why did he not allow the Hidden Dragon Pavilion to purchase crystal coins vigorously?

Originally, with Hidden Dragon Pavilion's popularity, with its unique conditions and resources, even the ten great guilds might not be able to compete with him!

It was all too late now!

The extremely intelligent president of the Rose Society knew the importance of crystal coins. Once the two of them joined the battlefield and competed with each other, it would definitely cause a chain reaction and drag the other major forces down with them. At that time, it would be a chaotic battle between the various kings, and the price of crystal coins might be raised to an extremely high level!

F*ck!

Too late for regrets!

Finally—

Nine Characters Incantation!

The only Skill Selling Item!

As a native Chinese, Qin Sheng, who had a good impression of Daoism, was no stranger to Daoism!

In his previous life, he had watched a popular cartoon, Naruto, and the most basic core of it was the hand seals, which were directly copied from the Nine Syllables of Truth!

In the real world, the Nine Symbolic Words were only a Daoist culture, the heritage of China!

Nothing special!

But in this world!

Zhang Tianshi of Mount Longhu had come out. His talisman arts were extremely magnificent and he was able to subdue demons with brute force. Even the emperor was deeply dependent on him!

With such a background!

The Nine Characters Incantation was incredible!

Even if he did not understand all these, he should understand a thing or two from the price, right?

How could something that sold for 10,000 crystal coins be trash?

Even the chicken that laid the golden egg and the Daoist's core talisman techniques added up to only six thousand crystal coins!

"This…"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at all the treasures on the hidden list with a pained expression.

He wanted everything!

But!

The conditions did not allow it!

He only had ten thousand crystal coins on him!

Just the Nine Symbolic Words alone could drain him dry!

You want all of them?

He was probably thinking of eating it!

"Heavenly Master, give me the Duality Dao Sword, the Glass Dao Robe, and the Heart-Protecting Mirror!"

Glancing at the Blood Rose and Blood Rose, Zhang Daosheng saw that they seemed to have already given their orders and were about to come over. He hurriedly requested for a transaction with Qin Luo and quickly handed over 3,500 crystal coins!

Everything else was fine!

However, he had to use the Starlight Miracle Transcendence next. He definitely could not let those two girls see it. Otherwise, how could an Epic equipment instantly become a Legendary equipment?

"Alright!"

He had obtained 3500 crystal coins in an instant, but all he had paid was the Dao Sword and Daoist robe that he no longer needed. Zhang Daoming nearly couldn't hold back his smile.

Ding… transaction successful!

Ding… You have obtained the Duality Dao Sword, Glass Daoist Robe, Heart-Protecting Mirror! '

Ding… you have lost crystal coins * 3500! '

Qin Luo could not help but smile after receiving three good items in an instant!

He hid the equipment and looked at the remaining treasures!

He could not afford the Nine Symbolic Words Incantation!

And the rest?

What should he buy?

"Weeping Soul, what's in the hidden list?"

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose walked over and looked at the two of them with smiles on their faces.

"What the f*ck?!!"

Without waiting for Qin Sheng's reply, the two pairs of beautiful eyes had already seen the public hidden list. Looking at the treasures on it, the two girls who had received a good education almost spewed vulgarities.

"What a powerful talisman!"

Blood Rose muttered, "With this talisman as support, I can even solo a Gold Boss!"

"Talismans are still alright. They are strong, but they are just consumables!"

Sanguine Primrose added: "But the blueprints for these talismans are too much of a bug! If we can learn them, wouldn't we be able to replicate the basic talismans without limit? Wouldn't that mean that the talismans we just bought, such as the Origin-Returning Talismans, will soon be used?"