Chapter 440: Lich'S Will, Ss Mission

"This power…"

The Lich, who had just recovered from his fear, opened his eyes and saw the terrifying attack that filled his pupils. He shuddered.

“Sealing space, severing time, in the heavens above and earth below, there is no way to escape, no place to hide, -- is this the slash of a god?”

The Lich seemed to be crying and smiling. At the last moment, he threw away the Skeleton Scepter in his hand and opened his arms to welcome the "Sky Crushing Strike"!

Swoosh…

An indescribable strike!

An indescribable strike!

As the sword beam shot out, everything was annihilated!

Deep ravines were carved into the ground, and the hard walls of the temple were completely destroyed like thin paper. Bricks, gravel, and dust were everywhere!

However!

At the center of the sword light, everything was destroyed, not even ashes were left!

As the core of the lock, the Lich was naturally reduced to ashes without a single piece of cloth remaining!

Golden Light Spell, countdown of 0 seconds!

The effect disappeared!

"It's over, it's finally over!"

Qin Luo's body went limp, and he once again returned to his weak state. He abruptly half-knelt and relied on [Coiling Dragon Water] to barely support his body without lying down.

Ding… congratulations on killing Epic BOSS Undead Lich. You have received 1,000W experience points and 30,000 Reputation points! '

The system’s prompt sounded beside his ear.

At this moment.

Only then did Qin Luo believe that the undead lich was really dead this time!

"Unfortunately, under the Heaven Crushing Strike, nothing was left behind!"

Raising his head, he looked at a deep ravine that seemed to have been destroyed by high-tech sci-fi weapons. Apart from a ravine about five meters wide and whose length extended beyond the Moon Temple, Qin Luo Sheng could only smile bitterly.

An Epic Boss was different from the trial monsters in the Dragon God Temple. It summoned its will, and its body was formed by energy. This was a real physical body, a real physical body.

With his luck of 36 points, coupled with the fact that it was the first time the Lich was killed, the loot dropped was unimaginable. Other than that, there should be at least an Epic equipment. Then, it would miraculously upgrade and become a Legendary equipment in seconds.

Tsk!

Perhaps there was more than one Legendary equipment, but it had slipped through his fingers just like that?

I only have two legendary items!

This was a huge loss!

However!

So what?

He was just one second away. If he had been one second late, he would have been able to return to the city free of pain, let alone mourn the loss of his equipment!

"Sigh! This is fate. Perhaps, it has nothing to do with me!"

Qin Luo Sheng closed his eyes in pain.

He really had no choice then.

Other than betting on the destructive "Sky Slash", none of the other skills could cause millions of damage to the Lich!

In other words.

The Sky-Splitting Slash was the only hope of victory!

"Jie hahahaha… I really didn't expect to die in the hands of a little brat. Fate really makes fools of people!"

After the incident ended, Qin Luo Sheng gradually recovered from the 'grief' of losing his legendary equipment and feeling wronged. Just as he was about to get up and meet up with Sanguine Primrose, he asked her, the leader of the mercenary group, what should he do after accepting the mission. However, something unexpected happened. The voice of the Undead Lich which should have died subconsciously rang out once more.

Swish…

Without waiting for Qin Sheng's reaction, a ray of black light suddenly shot out from the Moonlight Divine Stone and entered his glabella.

"I can't accept the fact that I haven't gotten my revenge!"

The voice of the Lich sounded in his mind. "We are of the same kind. Even if I die today, I will leave my will behind!"

"Ding… You have received the approval of the Lich's resentment. Do you accept his will?"

Qin Sheng:…

Accept the will?

Damn it, you entered my sea of consciousness and acted first before reporting. Do I dare to disagree?

If he were to reject her, he would probably not be able to live in peace anymore.

"I—accept!"

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and accepted.

It was both for the sake of peace in the future and for the sake of her own feelings.

He wanted to avenge the Lich!

It was because he wanted to do this, that was all!

"Ding… You have accepted the will of the Lich!"

Ding… congratulations on obtaining SS mission [Destroy Taling Nation]. Please head to the mission panel and check it yourself! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Tsk!

Is your will really to destroy the tower kingdom? This tower kingdom?

Should he consider destroying the royal family of the Towering Kingdom?

Or rather…

Exterminate the Towering Kingdom’s nobles, or even the army!!!

"I was tricked. I'm so stupid. Damn it, I shouldn't have trusted the Lich!"

Qin Luo Sheng's mentality exploded. Looking at the SS mission that had already been completed and could no longer be changed, he almost burst into tears!

Destroying a country was fundamentally different from destroying a country!

Destruction meant complete annihilation, leaving nothing behind!

And the destruction, to put it simply, meant that from then onwards, there would be no Towering Kingdom. It was not to the extent that there would be any differences. For example, eliminating the royal family of Towering Kingdom, eliminating the name of the country, and so on. All of these could be considered destroying a country and destroying a country!

Yet!

The Lich of the Undead had an explosive temper and would not let any of the citizens of the Pale Spirit Kingdom off.

What should he do?

Even if Qin Luo sympathized with the undead lich, even if he agreed that not a single snowflake under the avalanche was innocent, was there really no good person in the Taling Kingdom? Was there no one who was as persecuted as the undead lich?

Definitely!

If he was also crazy enough to massacre cities and wipe out countries, where he went, not a single blade of grass would grow. What was the difference between him and a demon? Wasn't this pushing him into the dark faction and making him betray humanity?

"Please, don't be too extreme!"

Qin Luo Sheng prayed fervently like a robot as he pulled open the mission panel one by one. "I'm f*cking taking revenge for you. Don't cheat me, bastard!"

[Mission Title: Destroy the Tarling Country

[Mission Introduction] The Tarling Country had already decayed. The Lich spent 10 years to destroy 18 cities and annihilate millions of people. The power of the Tarling Country had been depleted, but this was far from enough. The hatred of the Lich would never dissipate unless the Tarling Country was destroyed.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Kill an aristocrat and official from the Tarling Kingdom, wipe out a ten-man team from the Tarling Kingdom, and destroy a village.

[Mission Difficulty] SS

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

Qin Sheng:…