Chapter 446: Accounts? Ah ~ ~ Pui!

"Heavenly Master, I want to inscribe my insights and talismans!"

Ignoring the chatter of the two girls, Zhang Daosheng naturally wouldn't hide any of the treasures that followed. He continued to apply for transactions openly!

"Deal."

Zhang Daoming naturally agreed to such a generous customer.

In exchange for his little insights and the basic talisman techniques of his sect, he received a total of 6,000 crystal coins!

Wasn't this a freeloader?

It was equivalent to a free trade!

He had made a killing!

Instantly, Zhang Daoming could no longer keep a straight face as he grinned from ear to ear!

And Qin Sheng!

It was the same!

He had paid six thousand useless crystal coins in exchange for a "chicken" that could only lay golden eggs!

Can't you see that the eyes of the two girls beside him have turned green?

He had earned so much that tears couldn't stop flowing from the corners of his mouth!!

"Learn, inscribing insights from talismans (Zhang Daoming)!"

After paying a hefty sum of 6,000 crystal coins, Qin Sheng finally got his desired assistant position and learned it without hesitation.

Ding… congratulations on learning the insights of inscribing talismans (Zhang Daoming's version). You have successfully obtained a secondary job: Talisman Master! '

Ding… congratulations on successfully becoming a talisman master (Beginner)!

"Ding… Due to your high perceptivity, the Talisman Master level has been raised to a high level!"

What?

Qin Luo Sheng was stunned!

Was this luck from heaven?

Sorry!

Perception!

I misunderstood you in the past. I thought you were just trash. I didn't expect you to be so awesome!

He had already experienced it once at the Gravedigger's wooden hut and learned many auxiliary skills and languages. He did not expect that he would show his prowess here again!

Great!

A junior talisman practitioner instantly became a senior talisman practitioner!

Bang!

I'll blow you up!

"Learn, Encyclopedia of Talismans (Basic)!"

"Ding… Congratulations on learning the complete Talisman Encyclopedia. You have obtained the method to inscribe the Origin Talisman, the method to inscribe the Gale Talisman, the method to inscribe the Strength Talisman, the method to inscribe the Origin Talisman…"

This time, there was no chance for him to display his comprehension ability!

However!

In the future, there would be plenty of time for it to show off!

After all!

The previous refining techniques would only improve his proficiency greatly in actual practice. Everything depended on practice!

He had already gotten the equipment he wanted and put it in his backpack!

Even the chicken that laid the golden egg would get a check!

Next!

Looking at the Nine Characters Incantation that cost 10,000 crystal coins, there was nothing else to say. He skipped it!

There was no other way!

Poor bastard!

He couldn't afford it!

As such, there were only five items left to purchase on the hidden list Zhang Daoming gave!

First was the talisman matrix!

Needless to say, he had to get his hands on it!

Five hundred crystal coins were traded out again and the array glyphs were kept in his pocket!

The remaining four runes had different abilities.

Qin Luo Sheng was most lacking in flying talismans!

After the battle with the Undead Lich, the disadvantage of being unable to fly was completely exposed. It was even more extreme than having low Mana Defense!

Learn from your mistakes!

Qin Qin Sheng would not allow himself to fall into the same pit twice!

Qin Luo bought 10 flight talismans for 30 crystal coins each!

Checking the remaining crystal coins, there were only 1,300!

The remaining Potential Talismans, Explosive Talismans, and Swift Talismans!

All three were necessary, but not extremely!

Qin Luo's Potential Talisman could amplify all attributes. Qin Sheng had so many augmentation skills, but they were actually not too bad. Unless he encountered a super tough opponent like the Undead Lich and used all his trump cards, he could drag it out until he returned to his normal form!

The Explosive Talisman was an AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE AOE damage talisman. Qin Sheng currently had a Fire ~ Medicine can, Sky Tremor Bomb, Divine Fire Talisman, Lightning Drop Talisman, and so on in his hands. These were good items that he had gotten from Wu Lin previously. Once he got his hands on them, they would most likely be used to level up and increase their efficiency. That was all. They were not very rare.

This was especially so for Qin Luo, who had a BUG-level skill that had both the augmentation effect and the ability to split attacks. Although this Explosive Talisman was not useless, it was really dispensable.

If it was paid with gold coins, it would not be a big deal. Buying a batch and preparing it was always better to be prepared. Who knew when they would be able to use it. However, it needed scarce crystal coins. The cost-efficiency ratio would be too ridiculous. He would just give it up!

As for the Swift Amulet!

Teleportation was indeed very useful.

However, Qin Luo Sheng had the Shadow Escape, Shadow Assault, Instant Slash, three combat teleportation skills, and a BUG-level space jump. That was four of them. Even when the Boss was fighting, it was still very rare. The more Swift Talismans there were, the better. But there was nothing he could do about it. He was really short on money!

"Sigh, this Divine Traversal Talisman. If only it was the same price as the Divine Traversal Talisman that Wu Lin obtained previously!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but sigh.

Wu Lin's Divine Movement Talisman had been purchased after triggering a hidden mission to replace gold coins with wolf eyes!

What a pity!

The names were the same, but the functions were different. The price was also vastly different!

Tragic!

"Taoist master, I want the Nine Characters Mantra. Can I borrow it?"

Qin Luo asked pitifully.

He really wanted the mysterious Nine Characters Incantation, but the sky-high price of ten thousand crystal coins made him helpless.

Previously, he had so many, but he could not bet everything on the Nine Syllables Mantra, right?

Wasn't the Duality Dao Sword fragrant?

Wasn't the glazed robe fragrant?

Wasn't the special equipment Heart-Protecting Mirror fragrant?

Wasn't it nice to be a Talisman Master's deputy and 49th talisman inscribing method?

Sigh!

This was really difficult!

"Master, this…"

The smile on Zhang Daoming's face gradually stiffened.

He wanted to reject him, but the big boss in front of him had spent over ten thousand crystal coins on him in such a short period of time. Moreover, he found him rather pleasing to the eye. He really did not want to offend him, nor did he want to break their friendship!

But!

The Nine Syllables Mantra was a secret art passed down from Mount Longhu and even from Taoism!

The reason why he had put it out earlier was because he wanted to show off. After all, it was impossible for others to afford it, so it was fine for him to show it off!

Unexpectedly!

One should never judge a book by its cover.

At such a young age, he really had a huge amount of tens of thousands of crystal coins!

He broke out in cold sweat!

If the Nine Characters Incantation was exchanged, wouldn't the Dao Sect and the secret arts of Mount Longhu be transmitted?

This was a big matter!

Even if his grandfather was the current generation's Taoist master, it was impossible for him to bear this crime!

Fortunately!

The young man was still young after all. His horizons were not high enough and his willpower was not strong enough. He was actually attracted by some small things that he had released. He exchanged the precious crystal coins for elimination items that he no longer needed. He really made a killing!

But what was going on now?

Paying on credit?

And it was on credit for the Nine Characters Incantation that he did not want to release.

Little brother!

Are you crazy, or do you think I can't lift a knife?

If you were to exchange 10,000 crystal coins for it, I, your brother, would probably give up my love and keep my promise to pass the Nine Characters Incantation to you!

But now that you've taken my treasure, you're almost as poor as a beggar. Now that your pockets are empty, you want to buy on credit?

Ah ~ ~ ~ Pui!