Chapter 443: Real Intention Revealed

"Crystal coins?"

Qin Qin Sheng looked at the currency written behind the price with a complicated expression.

The charms Zhang Daoming sold were powerful, but the currency he sold wasn't gold coins but crystal coins!

This was a little awkward!

"Sage, is there any difference between crystal coins and gold coins?"

Qin Qin Sheng asked if he did not understand.

It was not easy for them to capture a hidden big shot who needed crystal coins. If they did not clarify the question that had been troubling all the players, how could they be willing?

In particular, Qin Sheng had a large amount of crystal coins in his hands and had always believed that crystal coins were very useful. The facts had proven that this was indeed the case.

The use of crystal coins was revealed at this moment!

Furthermore!

Qin Luo had a strong sixth sense!

He felt that the crystal coins were more useful than he had imagined!

After all!

Even an existence like Zhang Daoming from Mount Longhu needed crystal coins!

"Crystal coins are energy crystals, formed purely from energy solidification. In layman's terms, crystal coins are equivalent to spirit stones!"

Zhang Daoming generously explained the effects of crystal coins to Qin Sheng and the other two. "Cultivators all need to absorb the energy drifting between heaven and earth. However, the energy drifting around is chaotic and filled with impurities. It requires us to choose carefully, divide, extract, remove impurities, and refine it to be used for ourselves!"

Qin Luo nodded.

Even though he did not know about this, it did not stop him from understanding the reason behind it.

Even the air was divided into oxygen, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and so on. Human respiration did not just absorb oxygen.

"But crystal coins are different. They are of a higher grade than spirit stones, and the energy they contain is purer. They can be completely absorbed without any side effects.

Zhang Daoming continued, "You have to know that even the spirit stones circulating among cultivators contain impurities. When absorbing them, they need to be filtered. Furthermore, spirit stones basically have no attributes. It means that any cultivator can absorb them without being meticulous. However, crystal coins are usually divided. The color represents the attributes. For example, red contains fire-elemental energy. It's the favorite of fire-elemental cultivators!"

Holy shit!

So that was how it was!

Qin Luo was enlightened!

Initially, he thought that the colors of the crystal coins were different because they looked good. He did not expect that it was due to different attributes!

"We're rich! We're rich!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed.

He remembered that there were all kinds of crystal coins in his backpack. There were no less than ten thousand of them!

Back in the Dragon God Temple, because the trial monsters were all manifested by the Dragon God's energy, the equipment and props did not explode, and there were no corpses, so they were Berserk Crystal Coins.

Firstly, it matched the characteristics of the monster formed from energy. Crystal coins were formed from pure energy!

Secondly, it was compensation for not dropping any equipment!

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand before.

But now, he understood!

How was this a f*cking petty dog system? It was really generous!

Crystal coins were no longer dispensable. They were merely decorations that girls loved because of their good looks. They were even more precious than gold coins, high-grade goods that circulated among cultivators!

"Sage, these charms are so strong!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled "good-naturedly" and said half seriously and half respectfully.

"It's alright!"

Upon hearing the praise, Zhang Daoming chuckled and replied politely, "These are my clumsy works in my spare time. I've made you laugh!"

"These charms are actually the work of a Taoist master. How disrespectful!"

Qin Luo Sheng "turned pale with fright" and exclaimed, "I definitely believe in Heavenly Teacher's masterpiece. Even a ferocious person like the Lich of the Undead can't resist it. I must buy some Heavenly Teacher's masterpiece as a necessity!"

Zhang Daoming's smile widened!

As the saying goes, a flower sedan will carry a person!

Everyone loved hearing nice words!

It was the same even for Daoists with weak personalities!

Qin Qin Sheng's spiel had clearly hit Zhang Daoming's G-spot, making him secretly delighted!

“Heh! This fellow is still young!”

Qin Sheng, who had been secretly observing, could not help but laugh secretly when he saw Zhang Daoming's obviously changed expression. He was indeed not good at socializing, but he had never eaten pork before. He had never seen a pig run before. How many of these most basic things had he encountered while playing games, reading novels, watching movies, etc? A few casual words could be effective.

"This, this, and this… I want all of them. Give me ten of them!"

If you can't bear to part with a child, you can't catch the wolf.

Qin Luo Sheng fully displayed his "nouveau riche" behavior. He pointed at Zhang Daoming's small store and bought ten talismans for every talisman he showed!

Instantly!

Zhang Daoming's expression changed!

This was a big shot!

It was perfect!

These basic talismans that he casually wrote sold crystal coins instead of spirit stones. The cheapest one was a crystal coin, yet they were so popular?

"Master, do you want ten of these?"

Zhang Daoming asked with a trembling voice.

He had never seen such a "boss" who was so "outspoken". Having lived in poverty on Mount Longhu, he was momentarily unable to react!

"That's right!"

For the sake of fishing, Qin Sheng had also put in a lot of bait. Moreover, he did not suffer a loss either. These talismans could be exchanged for with 'worthless' crystal coins. That was really equivalent to a free trade. It was simply a huge profit, alright?

Ding… you have purchased Gale Talisman x10, lost crystal coins x10! '

"Ding… you have bought an elemental regeneration talisman * 10, lost crystal coins * 10!"

Ding… you have purchased Strength Talisman x10, lost crystal coins x10! '

Ding…

He tapped his fingers and a series of successful notifications rang out beside his ears!

The crystal coins in his backpack decreased by a small amount, but what he gained were powerful talismans!

"Little Heavenmaster, we want to buy some too!”

Qin Luo Sheng made his move. Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose, who were already 'gluttonous', looked at each other and shouted at the same time. Then, without another word, they joined the purchasing army!

Reality proved it!

Women were crazier than men when it came to shopping!

Even in the game!

Even if they did not buy cosmetics, bags, or beautiful clothes!

"Thank you, ladies!"

As he watched his "garbage" talismans being sold one after another and his crystal coins being harvested one after another, even the little heavenly master, who didn't care about fame or fortune, couldn't stop smiling.

He originally thought that this trip would be an arduous task, yet never had he imagined that he would actually obtain such unexpected gains!

In less than half a minute, he had earned hundreds of crystal coins. Even his senior brothers and elders who were on the most dangerous missions could not afford such a huge sum!

"Heavenly Master, these talismans are too powerful. I'm very satisfied!"

After Sanguine Rose and Blood Rose had finished buying, Qin Luo suddenly interjected, "I reckon I'll be able to use this trip for a very long time. I have the Message Talisman that you've given me, will I be able to find you to buy it next time? Sigh, what a pity, I won't be able to use too much by myself, these crystal coins are wasted!"

As he spoke!

Unknowingly, a large pile of crystal coins that were brightly colored in his backpack leaked out!

He looked at Zhang Daoming's bloodshot eyes!

Qin Luo Sheng smiled proudly!

Buying talismans was only the foundation. His true goal was to take out the good stuff that Zhang Daoming had hidden!

Now!

The true intention was revealed!

Obviously!

The Little Daoist Zhang Daoming had been tricked!