Chapter 441: Revenant Transcendence, Mission Complete

It's over! It's over!

The Lich was serious!

F*ck!

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with despair!

This was not giving him a way out at all!

It was an even higher level than this trip to the Moon God Temple. An SS-rank mission to exterminate a country!

Seriously!

"Do I really have to complete it honestly?"

Qin Luo Sheng felt his head hurting.

It was impossible for him to do such a thing now. In the future, even if he had the strength to destroy the Towering Kingdom, it was basically impossible for him to do such a thing.

Destroy a country!

How could he do something so inhumane? He was not a demon.

However!

If he didn't do it, there should be some terrifying consequences!

How terrifying was it?

Qin Luo Sheng could sense that there was an extremely evil resentment in his sea of consciousness. It belonged to the resentment of the undead lich. As long as his goal was not achieved and the tower kingdom was not destroyed, this resentment would never be eliminated.

Now!

Perhaps it wasn’t because he was worried about the Towering Kingdom that he couldn’t even protect himself.

Although the resentment did not have any self-awareness, it was only because the hatred was too deep that the obsession did not disappear. But if this went on, who knew what would happen?

In this world, all sorts of strange things could happen. It was not impossible for the legendary possession to happen!

With this thing in his sea of consciousness, it was equivalent to carrying a time bomb with him. He did not know when it would explode and he would be completely blown up.

"Weeping Soul, take a look, this mission—"

At this moment, Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose walked up together. As the leader of the party and the initiator of the quest, Sanguine Primrose shared the updated quest in the chat.

The mission was not completed yet?

Qin Luo Sheng had temporarily put down his mission to exterminate the country. This matter could be considered in the future.

Looking at the mission, his expression froze!

[Mission Title: Moon Temple

[Mission Introduction] It was rumored that in ancient times, demons ran rampant, humans suffered but did not survive, demons and monsters ran rampant across the continent. People sought help from the gods, and the Moon God took pity on them and bestowed them with Moonlight God Stones. Moonlight illuminated the land, causing demons and monsters to appear and be killed by human heroes. In order to be grateful to the Moon God, people specially built the Moon Temple in the land where the demons and monsters were exterminated, and they consecrated the Moonlight God Stones in the temple. As time passed, the Moon God's miracle was no longer visible, and the Moon God Temple gradually lost its spirituality, causing a change.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Entering Moonlight Forest (Completed); Stage Two—Searching for the Moon Temple (Completed); Stage Three—Purifying the Moon Temple (Completed); Stage Four—Transcending the Dead Souls (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] S

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

The third stage of the Temple of Purification was completed?

Could it be that the system determined that the Undead Lich was the biggest stain in the Moon Temple? Everything would be fine after killing him?

However!

What the hell was this fourth stage?

Transcending the dead souls was understandable!

They were either the priests of the Moon Temple who died in the hands of the Undead Lich, or those who were killed by the Undead Lich!

No matter which one it was, there was nothing they could do!

They were not monks or Daoists, so how could they exorcise the souls of the dead? This was not the right profession!

Eh!

Wait!

There were no monks, but it seemed like there was a Daoist priest!

Qin Luo Sheng immediately shifted his gaze and looked at Little Heavenly Teacher Zhang Daoming, who was sitting cross-legged with his five hearts facing the sky, absorbing energy from the surroundings to recover from his injuries!

Zhang Daoming was speechless.

What was going on?

Why is everyone looking at me?

"Priest, the Undead Lich is dead, but his sins are not cleared!"

Qin Luo took the initiative and ignored Sanguine Primrose, the real "boss". He spoke first, "There are too many vengeful spirits in the Moon Temple. Without the suppression of the Undead Lich, they will easily leave the territory of the Moon Temple and turn into malicious spirits that wreak havoc everywhere. How about you work hard and send them away?"

"This little scholar is kind-hearted and has a heart that helps the world. In the future, he will definitely be rewarded!"

Zhang Daoming flicked his horsetail whisk and bowed. He said solemnly, "Although This Penniless Priest isn't good at exorcising souls, I should be able to give a try for a soul that hasn't transformed into evil spirits!"

To embrace the world?

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched!

Forget it, Big Boss!

I can't afford it!

Being a hero would result in a tragic outcome!

This was a mission!

Mission!

Without a mission, who would care about these things?

However!

If you misunderstand, so be it. Ever since I gained Charm Points, as long as I'm an NPC, my relationship with them has been upgraded to one where I'm completely honest with them. I'm already used to them!

Sigh!

The days that were welcomed were simple and boring!

It made one feel—

How satisfying!!!

"$% # $… #"

Ignoring Qin Sheng and the other two, Zhang Daoming sat down cross-legged on the spot and began chanting scriptures as he looked at the group of undead who were still in a state of chaos due to the lack of undead lich binding them.

Outsiders would never understand the scriptures of religion!

However, Qin Sheng understood Zhang Daoming's Soul Crossing Sutra. It was the Exalted Grotto's Mystic Spirit Treasure, the Five Refinements of the Corpse Refining Sutra. It was a very famous transcendent scripture of Daoism!

Along with the chanting of the scriptures, a type of dead soul was calmed down. The viciousness and resentment that had yet to take form vanished without a trace!

"This is going to be difficult!"

After completing the transcendence, Zhang Daoming stood up and looked at the souls floating in the air. He felt his head ache. "The evil aura of these souls has already dissipated. They can be reincarnated. However, they were previously plundered by the undead lich using an evil technique. They managed to deceive the Underworld Prefecture and the Infernal Devils. Even if they were transcended now, the door to the Underworld wouldn't open, and the Infernal Devils wouldn't come to receive them. They still wouldn't be able to enter reincarnation."

"Moreover, the human world is too polluted. For normal Ghost Bodies, the Yang qi is too strong, so it's not suitable to stay for long. If we can't send them into the Netherworld before dawn, there's a high chance that they'll become malicious ghosts. If that's the case, it'll be difficult to transcend again."

Qin Sheng:…

So you're not lying. You're really a dabbler!

Open the gate to the Netherworld?

I'm familiar with this job!

"As long as we can open the gate to the Netherworld, that's fine, right?"

Qin Luo asked.

"Yes!"

Zhang Daoming glanced at Qin Sheng in surprise. He didn't know what Qin Sheng was up to, but he still replied honestly, "As long as we open the door to the Underworld before dawn and send them into the Underworld, there will naturally be ghostly servants from the Underworld to deal with them!"

"Sure!"

Qin Luo Sheng snapped his fingers and took out the [Soul Guiding Lamp] from his backpack. "Then leave it to me!"

Buzz…

The faint orange light unique to the Soul Guiding Lamp lit up. In the spacious Moon God Great Hall, an ancient door filled with mystery suddenly appeared and slowly opened!

In an instant!

The vengeful spirits floating in the air seemed to be attracted by something as they swarmed towards the gates of the Netherworld. They did not resist at all and no longer yearned for the human world. They all headed towards the Netherworld!

Ding… congratulations on completing hidden S-rank mission—Moon Temple! '

———————

【删除】