Chapter 447: Agreement! Another Month?

"Master, you're making things difficult for me!"

Zhang Daoming looked troubled.

"I don't want you to make things difficult for me either!"

Qin Luo said sincerely, "But I really want this Nine Characters Mantra!"

Zhang Daoming was speechless.

What did that mean?

If you really want it, I will give it to you on credit?

Are you that shameless?

"To be honest with you, the Nine Symbolic Words Incantation is a secret of my Dao Sect. I didn't pass it on to anyone at Mount Longhu. I was careless just now and revealed it!"

Zhang Daoming said with an apologetic look, "However, meeting is fate. This Penniless Priest wishes to part with you if you can buy it. Perhaps the Nine Syllables True Mantra and you are fated. However, you didn't choose it. Since that's the case, the Nine Syllables True Mantra means that you are not fated. Why must you be so persistent? There are times in your life, but there's no need to force it!"

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

So much nonsense!

What excuse?

If he didn't want to buy on credit, so be it!

What's the big deal?

Hmph!

"However, I can be considered to have gone through thick and thin with you. If I were to reject you completely, it would appear too heartless and not conform to the Daoist doctrine!"

When Zhang Daoming saw Qin Sheng's disappointed expression, he recalled how this handsome young lad had risked his life to kill the undead lich and indirectly saved his life. His heart softened as he said, "I, the Daoist, am a fated person. I preach to the laws of nature. I preach to never be ruthless in everything. Leaving behind a sliver of hope is the same as escaping to the 50th Great Dao!"

"Why don't I make a gentleman's agreement with you!"

Upon seeing Qin Luo's dumbfounded expression, Zhang Daoming said with a smile, "This Penniless Priest will not directly reject Benefactor's request, but This Penniless Priest will also not credit the Nine Syllables Incantation to Benefactor. When the two are combined, This Penniless Priest will keep the Nine Syllables Incantation and make an agreement with Benefactor for a month."

"If you can find 10,000 crystal coins within a month, I will offer you the Nine Characters Incantation with both hands according to the price today."

"If you can't gather ten thousand crystal coins within a month, then let's drop this matter. It proves that you have no fate with the Nine Characters Incantation."

"Look, how about this?"

January?

Another month?

Why was it all in January?

Previously, he had agreed to fight against Long Yuan for a month!

Now, Zhang Daoming had agreed on a transaction time of another month!

Could it be that these big shots had special feelings for the one-month period?

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but complain!

But even though he was complaining, he did not forget about the important matters!

Except.

Before he could say a word, the system appeared again and forcefully made its presence known.

Ding… congratulations on obtaining triggered hidden mission—[Monthly Period]. Do you accept? '

Rubbish, I fought so hard for this. How could I possibly refuse?

"Accept!"

With a command!

This triggered hidden mission was generated in Qin Luo's mission panel.

[Mission Title: One Month

[Mission Introduction] The Nine Characters Incantation is a secret that Daoism does not teach. As the next Heavenly Master candidate, Zhang Daoming, favors you greatly, I hereby use the Nine Characters Incantation as a token to set a month's time.

[Mission Details] Gather 10,000 crystal coins within a month

[Mission Difficulty] Unassessable

[Mission Time] 30 days

[Mission Reward] Nine Syllables Mantra

[Punishment for Failure] Zhang Daoming's favorability decreased and he lost contact with Zhang Daoming.

He glanced at the mission content!

Qin Luo frowned slightly.

It looked like this mission was very standard and had no special characteristics.

Or rather…

There was no risk in this mission. It was purely a benefit. Even if they failed, the punishment would be no punishment and they would not lose anything.

Yet.

Qin Qin Sheng knew very well that the punishment for failing this mission was extremely severe!

Who was Zhang Daoming?

The next Heavenly Teacher of the hidden sect, Mount Longhu!

What kind of existence was Mount Longhu?

It was not very clear!

But Qin Sheng only needed to know a little.

Mount Longhu was closely related to the current imperial court and could even reach Tian Ting and the emperor!

Zhang Daoming's favorability towards him decreased. He had lost his connection with him, which also meant that he had ended their fight together. In fact, from a certain point of view, he had saved his life.

How could he tolerate that?

What did he obtain from Zhang Daoming after interacting with him for a short while?

Two Epic equipment, one special equipment, and a hidden Talisman Master…

Although this was exchanged with crystal coins, without Zhang Daoming as a "platform," what was the point of having crystal coins?

If there was a need, there would be a market. Money was money. If there was no money, money was just waste paper, trash!

"Alright!—I have no objections!"

Qin Luo nodded hurriedly.

Qin Sheng was very satisfied with this casual mention that he had never expected it to develop to such an extent. He said, "I am indebted to Heavenly Master for your kindness. Everything shall be as you say. Whether I succeed or not, I will definitely ignite the Message Talisman and invite Heavenly Master for a chat!"

"Deal."

Zhang Daoming was very satisfied with Qin Sheng's tactfulness. He flicked his horsetail whisk and prepared to leave.

It was still early in the month. The most important thing now was to report the news of the death of the Lich. At the same time, he had to return to Mount Longhu and prepare to be beaten up!

The secret technique passed down by his ancestors was actually used by him, who was unfilial to his descendants, to do business. If he didn't get beaten up, wouldn't he be overturning the heavens?

"Wait!"

Qin Qin Sheng suddenly called out to Zhang Daoming. Under his puzzled gaze, he took out the remaining 1,300 crystal coins from his body and threw them over.

“Give me another ten Potential Talismans, ten Explosive Talismans, and ten Divine Movement Talismans!”

Zhang Daoming: o (* ￣ ￣ *) o Ah, rich country bumpkin!

Sanguine Primrose: (￣ ~ ￣) Sigh, I'm so envious!

Blood Rose: ╮ Hmph, unhappy!

After receiving thirty brand new charms, Zhang Daoming left with a smile!

Qin Luo Sheng had also temporarily forgotten that he only had a single digit of crystal coins left. Looking at the spoils of war in his backpack, from the inside to the outside, every pore on his body felt extremely comfortable!

"You're not keeping the crystal coins? Are you confident that you can get ten thousand crystal coins within a month?”

Sanguine Primrose was confused.

According to normal logic, he should have kept the thousand-odd crystal coins. After all, the Nine Characters Incantation that even Zhang Daoming was nervous about and could be sold for a sky-high price of ten thousand crystal coins was definitely extraordinary.

In comparison.

Those talismans were powerful, but they were just consumables. How could they be compared to the Nine Symbolic Words?

This priority was totally wrong!

Unless…

The man in front of him had a huge sum of money. He was a tycoon who nearly emptied Zhang Daoming's store. He was confident that he could obtain 10,000 crystal coins in a month.