Chapter 448: Cooperation? Sanguine Primrose'S Inspiration!

"Woman, what are you thinking?"

The strange look in Sanguine Primrose's eyes told Qin Luo that even without using his brain, he could guess her thoughts.

What a pity!

This time, Sanguine Primrose, this intelligent woman, had indeed guessed wrongly!

Qin Luo Sheng was not crazy, nor was he confident that he could get 10,000 crystal coins within a month!

He had no choice but to spend a huge sum to purchase talismans!

He had been delayed at the Moon Temple for about ten days. There were still twenty days until the final battle with Long Yuan!

At the same time, there was a month's time. However, the final battle with Long Yuan had to arrive first. The priority was higher than the agreement with Zhang Daoming!

Although he coveted the Nine Characters Mantra, it did not reach his hands. No matter how strong it was, it had nothing to do with Qin Sheng!

And the final battle with Long Yuan.

There were too many implications!

If he failed, he would be doomed.

He had purchased talismans in preparation for the final battle.

These talismans were a little expensive, but their effects were really good. They were very helpful in battles, and the more the better.

If it weren't for the fact that he was really poor and had limited crystal coins, Qin Luo would have used it all during the battle.

Assuming that there was no limit to the number of charms, Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to guarantee that he would definitely be able to win, but at least his chances of winning would increase by 20%!

"Weeping Soul, thank you for your help on this mission!"

He took a deep look at Qin Sheng. The intelligent Sanguine Rose did not delve deeper into it and went to find out Qin Sheng's bottom line and secrets. Instead, she spoke first and changed the topic. "If there's anything you need from Rose Society in the future, I'll definitely help if I can!"

Qin Sheng:…

"President Rose is too polite!"

As a 'mercenary', since the mission had been completed, he shouldn't have too much involvement with his employer, especially since this employer was a ruthless demoness. If he wasn't careful, he might be sold off by her. Qin Sheng would naturally scram as far as he could. He definitely didn't want to have anything to do with Sanguine Primrose, nor did he want to have anything to do with Rose.

"Since this matter has been settled and my mission has been completed, we shall part ways here!"

Qin Luo Sheng unhesitatingly opened the mercenary group's system, clicked on it and operated it!

At the next moment!

"Ding… All members of the Rose Mercenary Group, please take note: Player Weeping Souls has left the mercenary group!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

Blood Rose:…

F*ck!

You're really a straight man!

Are we a man-eating tiger, or will Rose be a dragon's lair, tiger's lair, and spider's lair?!

Other people would beg their parents to sue their grandmother, and they would do everything in their power to join them. Yet, you managed to obtain the benefits that others yearned for without any effort, and you are willing to give it up?

You're really something, weeping Soul!

Alright!

Take a step back!

You are not interested in our Rose Society, which is known as the Kingdom of Women!

He was not interested in a beauty like this old lady who could topple kingdoms and cities!

You’re fucking impotent. Dead Gay...

But can you understand something?

Would he learn how to be humane?

Just like that, in front of us, the president of the Rose Society and the vice president of the Rose Society, he directly left the mercenary corps?

Are you a Gan Godfiend?

Is this how you slap your face?

Bastard!

"I'm talking business!"

Blood Rose was so angry that she almost exploded. She was so angry that she trembled and almost blinded Qin Luo's eyes. He suppressed the throbbing in his heart and tried his best to maintain his poker face. Just as he was about to cover his nose that was about to bleed, he was stopped by the equally cold and unhappy Blood Rose.

"You should know that we also have Zhang Daoming's transmission talisman. We can contact him, and no one can reject the talisman on him!"

Sanguine Primrose quickly regained control of her emotions and no longer had a cold expression on her face. However, at the same time, there was no expression on her face. She was just like an ice sculpture, so cold that Qin Sheng was almost shivering.

“Next, our Rose Society will definitely wantonly purchase crystal coins. So, I’ll give you a greeting here. Because you also need a large amount of crystal coins. Don’t misunderstand that our Rose Society is going against you!”

Qin Luo was enlightened!

In fact.

He had realized this from the start.

Just as Sanguine Primrose had said, there was no way a player could reject Zhang Daoming's talisman. Even an existence like her, who was basically at the top of the player pyramid, was no exception.

Nothing else!

Too powerful!

The amplification from those talismans was really too strong!

How strong was he?

Strong enough to rewrite a battle, strong enough to turn the tide, strong enough to bring hope…

Whether it was for personal use or for strategic purposes, the ambitious Sanguine Primrose would never give up!

"I understand!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded, indicating that he understood. "When it comes to business, I'm not that petty. I'll remember it in my heart because of this matter. Since that's the case, let's all depend on our own abilities next!"

Crystal coins were a rare thing!

This item would only drop after killing the Boss!

That's right, it was a chance drop, not an absolute drop!

The reason why Qin Luo had dropped crystal coins every time he killed a Boss was because the Boss' level was high enough and its grade was high enough. In addition, his luck was high enough.

With the three conditions combined, the BOSS he killed had a 100% drop rate of crystal coins instead of a 100% drop rate of crystal coins.

Bosses were very rare to begin with, and with the problem of drop rates, the number of crystal coins was unimaginably low!

Still.

The number of players was so huge. There were more than a billion in the Huaxia Battle Zone. Even if the lucky ones were one in a million, even if the proportion of crystal coins was very small, the total amount should still be quite a lot. It was more than enough to supply him with the 10,000 crystals he needed.

He had the goods!

Next, it would depend on how to fight a tough battle with the menacing Rose Society, as well as the merchants who were already prepared to hoard their goods!

Honestly.

Qin Qin was truly unsure.

Even with the existence of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, his foundation was really too weak. He might not even be able to compete with a Rose Society. Moreover, the Rose Society was definitely not the only one competing. There might even be a giant crocodile that was even more terrifying than the Rose Society charging into the crystal coin market and stirring up a storm. At that time, he would even be unable to complete the "small goal" of 10,000 coins.

"Wait!"

Sanguine Rose once again called out to Qin Luo. The corners of her cold face suddenly twitched as she revealed a stunning smile. "Our Rose will need talismans, and you will need crystal coins. As talismans are only available to Zhang Daoming, in a sense, crystal coins are equivalent to talismans. However, talismans aren't only available to Zhang Daoming. Then…"

So what?

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes instantly narrowed!

He wasn't an idiot so he naturally understood the hidden meaning behind Sanguine Primrose's words.

Since the charm no longer belonged to Zhang Daoming alone, there was no need to follow Zhang Daoming's trading method. There was no need to pay crystal coins.

Rose would need talismans. Talismans bought with crystal coins were talismans. Talismans bought with other things were also talismans.

The goods must be the same!

But this supplier could be changed!

And the only person who could inscribe talismans was Zhang Daoming. Now, there was another him—

Weeping Soul!

————

He had originally planned to stay at the bottom for two chapters a week, but because of the rubbish he had done a few days ago, he had decided to stay at the bottom for three chapters a week. This could be considered adding more chapters!