Chapter 449: Getting Involved With The Spiders' Nest

"This woman still won't let me off. Must she have designs on me?"

Qin Luo Sheng was rather speechless.

He knew exactly what Sanguine Primrose was thinking.

Except.

Qin Sheng had no choice but to jump into the pit even though he knew very well what Sanguine Rose was planning.

This was an open conspiracy!

This was exactly what Sanguine Primrose wanted!

Unless Qin Luo was determined to fight a price war with countless large factions and compete for the crystal coins market, he could only compromise.

"This is a win-win situation!"

Seeing Qin Luo remain silent, Sanguine Primrose continued, "The Primrose Militia needs talismans to raise our strength, while you need crystal coins to buy what you need. Everyone gets what they want!"

"In the past, no one had a choice. But now, you've also learned the talisman technique. In that case, you and I both have the right to choose again."

"There's no difference between us buying talismans from Zhang Daoming and buying talismans from you! As for you, other than spending a lot of money to snatch the crystal coin market, you can also cooperate with my Rose Society!"

That was the logic.

However!

Qin Qin Sheng did not want to ask a tiger for its skin.

Qin Sheng had no doubts about his intelligence, especially after the evolution of [Intelligence]. He felt that his brain had been further developed, and his intelligence had increased exponentially.

However!

IQ was intelligence. If she really wanted to play, she might not be able to do it well. Sanguine Primrose, who had grown up scheming ever since she was young, was the best.

Nothing else!

His experience was too poor!

Qin Sheng did not want to have too much contact with the Bloody Rose unless absolutely necessary.

Because—

The more contact they had, the greater the chance of being exposed.

Only a thousand days of being a thief, not a thousand days of guarding against thieves!

Once he was too deeply involved with this Sanguine Primrose, it was impossible for him to be so tense all the time. Every second and every second, his acting skills would skyrocket, right? As long as he had the slightest bit of relaxation, it was possible for him to expose information, allowing this female fox, Sanguine Primrose, to find out his real identity!

Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to bet!

However!

At this moment, the crystal coins market was still almost empty. It was really tempting!

He might have had his doubts in the past, but now that he had met Zhang Daoming, even an idiot knew that the future overlord of currency would undoubtedly be crystal coins.

If he did not take advantage of the fact that no one knew the benefits of crystal coins in the early stages and spent the least amount of money to collect them, would he have to wait until the later stages where everyone fought for supremacy and compete with others with the current value of ten to a hundred times?

"You win!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought about it seriously for a long time. In the end, he could not resist the temptation and made up his mind. "Let's have a pleasant cooperation!"

"Happy working together!" A radiant smile appeared on Sanguine Primrose's face as she stretched out her jade-like hand towards Qin Sheng.

"Little Rose!" Blood Rose couldn't help but call out with a complicated expression.

She knew very well how arrogant a woman younger than her was.

Even those high-ranking officials, second-generation rich kids, and second-generation military kids who were not good-for-nothings but young and promising leaders who had achieved outstanding results in their own fields were not worthy of her attention.

Now.

Yet, for the first time, she took the initiative to express her goodwill to a man. Not only that, she even "crossed the line" and wanted to "have intimate contact" with him!

What was wrong with her?

"Since it's a cooperation, we have to discuss the specific rules, how to cooperate, how far to cooperate, the obligations that both parties should fulfill, the responsibilities that they should fulfill, and so on!"

Suppressing the palpitations in his heart, Qin Luo Sheng gently held onto Sanguine Rose's soft and tender hand.

As his two hands touched, Qin Sheng felt as if he was holding a piece of soft jade. It was warm and moist, and he could not bear to let go of it. Fortunately, he still had his rationality and did not do anything embarrassing. He controlled his desires and impulses with great willpower and acted perfectly upon contact.

"These details…"

Sanguine Primrose looked at her hands in surprise, then at Qin Luo Sheng who was pretending to be calm and expressionless. She pursed her lips into a smile and was about to speak when she was interrupted by Qin Luo Sheng.

"I won't be participating in the specific details. I believe that there will be very professional people in your Rose Society. Just draft it. When the time comes, just let me see the results once. As long as it works, it's fine. If it doesn't, it's fine.—These can be discussed slowly. There's no hurry."

"The most important thing now is to take over the crystal coins market. This cannot be delayed. The sooner we can take over the crystal coins, the better. However, we must be careful and not make a big fuss. Otherwise, we will attract more capital moguls to invest in it. At that time, it will be impossible for us to buy it at a low price!"

This matter concerned 10,000 crystal coins, the Nine Characters True Mantra, and the strategic objective of the future. Qin Sheng was very serious. "Your Rose Society is too involved. Every move will draw attention, and there must be many spies hiding in your guild. Fortunately, there's only you and the Blood Rose here, so the news won't leak out. This is our only advantage right now!"

"Hey, hey, hey…"

Blood Rose finally found an opportunity to interject after being called out. When she saw Sanguine Primrose personally extend her hand towards her, she felt as though her own cabbage had been eaten by a pig. She had been unhappy since a long time ago. Now that Qin Sheng had come knocking on her door, what else could she do but retaliate?

"You make it sound like you have a small goal!"

Blood Rose frowned and said fiercely, "Your Hidden Dragon Pavilion has attracted far more attention than my Rose Society. You should take care of yourself first!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Motherfucker!

What's wrong with you?

Did I provoke you?

Why did he look like he had been drugged?

"Don't worry, our Rose Society will definitely not drag you down!"

Sanguine Primrose's expression turned serious.

The crystal coins were not only useful to Qin Luo, but also to Rose Society.

Even though they had already reached a strategic partnership with Qin Sheng and did not need to purchase talismans from Zhang Daoming, the vast prospects of crystal coins had already revealed the tip of the iceberg in their eyes.

Of course!

Gold coins were only suitable for low-end items and high-end items. Crystal coins were the real currency.

"As long as we don't harm the other party's interests and don't disrupt the market, and minimize the detection of other forces to the greatest extent, everyone will have to rely on their own abilities to join the acquisition team!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded. "Of course!"

Qin Sheng was not surprised that Rose would interfere.

As long as one wasn't an idiot, they would be able to sense the vast potential of the crystal coins. How could the Sanguine Primrose, who was even more cunning than a fox, just stand by and watch?

This was why he agreed to cooperate with her!

Everyone wanted to buy crystal coins. Currently, only the two families knew the use of crystal coins. In order to monopolize, cooperation was necessary.

When the two of them were full, they would fight with each other and let the other investors enter the venue. No one would be full, and all smart people would know what was going on!

"Deal."

Qin Sheng had reached the critical point of the preliminary collaboration. He nodded at the two girls, took out a return scroll and crushed it.