Chapter 458: Black Hair Calls

"However, there are more shops recently. The Hidden Dragon Pavilion is the most popular, and it has a monopoly on the potion business. Those guys can't beat it alone, and if they work together, they can indeed steal a lot of traffic!"

Qin Luo rubbed his chin and thought to himself. "Especially the other eight main cities. Even with the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's reputation, it's still considered a latecomer. It's really hard to say if a fierce dragon can suppress a local snake."

"In order to maintain the position of the head of Hidden Dragon Pavilion, we still need to promote it. We need to increase the popularity and traffic to attract everyone's attention. At the same time, we need to show off Hidden Dragon Pavilion's foundation and tell those stinky brothers that a younger brother will always be a younger brother."

He had never eaten pork, but he had seen pigs run.

Qin Sheng did not need to expend any effort to control the best resources. He only needed to do the simplest things to achieve the desired results.

If one shop couldn't obtain an Epic equipment, then they could just patrol around!

Five Epic equipment exhibitions were hung in a shop every day. It was definitely eye-catching.

‘ Of course.’

One look was enough to see the equipment.

In order to keep the flow of people and drive the eight stores, the equipment exhibition alone was not enough. After all, this was an exhibition. One could see but not eat.

Only by participating could the players be willing to follow Qin Sheng's train of thought. Every day, they would go to the Hidden Dragon Pavilion to report.

As for how to make the players submit?

Simple!

Equipment auction!

Weren't there more than a dozen Gold accessories?

Counting them carefully, there were sixteen of them. Besides the Hidden Dragon Pavilion’s main store in Starlight City, there were enough for eight branches to buy two each!

Five Epic equipment exhibitions, two Gold accessories, and a 90% discount for potions…

If this doesn't get popular, I'll f*cking wash my hair upside down and do a live-stream of the fan!

“By the way, when I completed Moon Temple’s [S] quest earlier, due to the high contribution rate, it exceeded 90%. The system even gave me additional rewards, right?”

After the publicity plan was finalized, Qin Sheng regained his energy.

"One job equipment, one job skill book, one random scroll!—Let me look!"

Qin Luo rummaged through the cabinet. Fortunately, he had the habit of distinguishing between different categories. Very soon, he found three very conspicuous items. He took a glance at them and was instantly displeased. "Only Gold-grade? Tsk!"

An S-rank mission was equivalent to an additional Epic reward, but it was not an Epic reward. This did not make sense!

However, even though he was depressed, Qin Luo still rushed over to the appraisal shop to appraise it.

Same old rules!

Miracle Starlight!

Golden Instant Transformation!

He opened his stats window and took a quick look!

Qin Luo immediately put on the mask of pain.

The attributes of the Epic boots were much better than the current Shadow Clone!

What a pity!

In terms of special effects and supplementary skills, it was too bad. It was not worth it to exchange for the 50 points of Speed and 20 points of Agility for the [Shadow Ghost]!

The Skill Book was a Gold-tier one. It was called the Power Storing Critical Hit. It was a skill effect. After accumulating power for at least one second, the user would launch a violent attack on the enemy. The damage would be determined based on the time of accumulation. If the user accumulated power for one more second, the damage would increase by 100%. The maximum was 500%. When using this skill, the Critical Hit Chance would be temporarily increased to 80%. It could be said to be ferocious.

However!

This did not match Qin Sheng's fighting style at all!

Shadow Warriors were known for their speedy attacks.

This [Critical Strike Storing] was so silly that he needed to accumulate strength to unleash its strongest effect. It was completely unsuitable for him!

Without a doubt.

The final outcome of this Skill Book was the same as the Epic-ranked boots from before. Qin Sheng, this heartless blue man, sold it without hesitation.

"No way, that's the reward? There's no use for any of them!"

Qin Luo complained.

In reality, Qin Sheng himself was well aware that the reward given by the system was already good enough. After all, this was only an additional reward. It was equivalent to picking it up for free. What else did he want?

However!

This was what it meant to be unable to think clearly!

"Fortunately, there is still a scroll. This is my last hope. System, please don't let me spit at you!"

Qin Luo opened the last reward with great concentration!

[Repair Scroll]

Type: Scroll

Grade: Epic

Effect: Repair

Introduction: A scroll with magical powers that can repair any equipment or item!

Good!

Finally, something that he could see through!

Although Qin Luo Sheng did not know what use the [Repairing Scroll] was to him, as long as it seemed to be useful, it was enough. At the very least, he could keep it in his backpack to eat dust. Who knew when it would come in handy.

“Okay, my backpack is clean!”

Qin Sheng stuffed the restoration scroll into his backpack and scanned it carefully. After discovering that he did not miss anything, he stood up in satisfaction. "There's still some time. Let's go forging! The hard bones, special human skin and other materials we obtained in the mass grave should be used up!"

"Coincidentally, I'm more or less familiar with forging in the art of refining. It's time for me to come into contact with tailoring. I've accumulated so much human skin, animal skin, and zombie skin. It doesn't matter if I fail. I'll just treat it as cleaning up my inventory."

…

The next day!

Qin Luo only woke up with sleepy eyes at ten in the morning.

The day before had worn him out from hammering and weaving. It had been easier to forge, and he had long since become familiar with it, but it was the first time a tailor had ever touched a piece of fabric. And that thing, threading a needle and drawing a thread, focused on every moment. It took a lot of energy, and even with his superhuman physique, he couldn’t quite manage it.

Still.

There would always be rewards for giving.

Not only had he absorbed a portion of the memory experience from the legacy pearl, but he had also created dozens of bronze or silver armors and signed them with his Weeping Souls name. He felt quite accomplished!

After breakfast.

It was already 11 AM!

"What the f*ck, I think the agreed time with Sanguine Primrose is 9 o'clock?"

Qin Sheng had just laid down in the gaming capsule when he recalled something. Instantly, cold sweat trickled down his forehead.

This was bad!

This was no longer as simple as being late!

Two hours late. What the hell?

He had clearly forgotten the promise!

As the goddess in the eyes of countless men and the president of the sixth union in China, she was actually stood up and waited for a man for two hours. This…

There was no need to think about Qin Luo.

Once this news spread, even if he was' Weeping Soul ', he would definitely be criticized and scolded like a dog!

He quickly went online!

Beep beep beep…

The moment he entered the game, his communicator rang.

Qin Luo immediately broke out in cold sweat.

What should he do?

He swallowed hard!

Forget it!

So be it!

It was indeed his fault.

If he was wrong, he would be punished. If he was beaten, he would stand up straight.

Yet.

When Qin Luo Sheng turned on his communicator, he realized that the caller was not the Bloody Rose he had imagined. It was Qing Si, whom he had not contacted for a long time!