Chapter 459: Qin Luo'S Demonic Heart

"It's her!"

A hint of confusion flashed across Qin Luo Sheng's eyes.

In both his previous life and current life, he had seen many different kinds of people.

In his previous life, the wives of many paper cutters on Earth were mainly in the second dimension. In this life, he met many outstanding girls, such as Mu Mu, the girls from the Rose Society, and Su Youran, who were mainly in the third dimension.

However!

The only woman who made his heart flutter and his heart ripple was truly stunned. The only woman he wanted to fall in love with was her—

Green hair!

"Connect!"

The call went through.

Qin Luo Sheng did not speak, neither did Qing Si. Both of them were silent for a few seconds.

"Weeping Soul, long time no see!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the other end of the video call. It was still as stunning as ever. His mind was in a mess and he did not know how to reply.

"Yeah!"

He did not know where to begin, but the words that came out of his mouth eventually converged into one sentence. "Long time no see!"

"It's been about half a month since we parted at the mercenary king's mausoleum, right? Time really flies!"

She did not know if it was an illusion, but her usually indifferent face suddenly seemed to have become much gentler. "I heard from Yatu that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion that has been very popular recently was opened by you, right? How nice!"

This was the first time Qin Luo had heard Qing Si speak so much. Moreover, it sounded like a casual chat between friends.

Although Qing Si's tone was a little stiff, it was obvious that she was not used to speaking like this. It might even be her first time speaking like this. However, the shock in his heart was even greater. It was like a jade ripple spreading out and could not be stopped.

When a person, regardless of whether it was a man or a woman, was in front of the opposite sex that they liked, even if it was just a small action on the opposite side, it was enough to make one's heart surge.

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the fine black hair on the screen with a burning gaze. He opened his mouth but did not know how to respond to her. He only nodded his head heavily.

"You don't know. Mu Mu often talks about you, saying that you're a big wooden block, saying that you're a big jerk, saying that you're not a friend enough. It's been such a long time, but you haven't contacted her. After opening a shop, you have good items that can explode, but you don't even take care of your old comrade. She's very unhappy with you!"

Qin Luo was instantly rendered speechless.

In his mind, he could not help but think of the little beauty Mu Mu, who was always gritting her teeth and looking angry, but also dumbfounded, Little Chili!

That's right!

It was as if he had not contacted her for a long time!

Not only Mu Mu, but also Qing Si, Feng Xing, who had fought alongside her in the Beginner's Village, as well as her teammates who had entered the Mausoleum of Mercenaries together with her, such as Daddy Baby Cutie, An Ying, Apostle, Fiery Red Lips, and so on. Only she was still in contact with Yatu, and this connection was only with the sale of potions.

Maybe.

I am lonely!

After all.

My soul doesn’t belong to Bluestar. Not here.

So.

There would always be a subconscious rejection.

Somehow, she felt out of place in this world.

It was as if they were standing on the other side, existing as a separate group.

In this virtual world, the players treated the data people as NPCs, but he also treated everyone on the blue planet as NPCs.

"Maybe I was wrong!"

Qin Luo murmured.

Man is man.

No matter which world.

Even the wanderers would find a place to warm their souls while they traveled.

People live in groups.

No matter how much he resisted, he could not avoid this nature.

His soul was drifting, and it was hard to say where it belonged.

This was inevitable.

But.

He was also in this place. On the blue planet, what he had experienced, what he had seen, his body and his soul had established a memory vessel that belonged to him.

The current him.

He was no longer the Qin Sheng who had descended upon the blue planet with no kin in sight and only confusion.

Even though his soul was still not stable, his heart had already taken the first step.

In reality, Nannan, Su Youran, and his mother, whom he had never met, whom he had only spoken to on the phone, and even the two girls he had gone on a blind date with…

In the game, Qing Si, Mu Mu, Ya Tu, Feng Xing, Sanguine Rose, Blood Rose, Lily, Allure Peony, Bright Green Lantern, Raging Red Lips…

Unknowingly.

He had already met so many people and established connections with many of them. He had formed friendships and even had feelings for them.

"Really? Then it's really my fault!"

Qin Qin Sheng suddenly broke into a bright smile. "Perhaps I should apologize to Little Beauty Mu!"

"Weeping Soul, you…"

Her fine black hair stared at Qin Luo, who was acting like a sunny youth, and her expression became one of astonishment.

She could not understand.

In her impression, he was cold and emotionless, a soul that seemed to keep people away. Even just now, he had been like this. Why did he suddenly become like this after lowering his head for a few seconds?!

"However, this is good too!"

Her beautiful eyes were fixed on Qin Sheng, who was smiling from ear to ear. For some unknown reason, there was a slight ripple in the heart lake that had always been as calm as an ancient well for the past twenty years. It was as if a drop of water had fallen, stirring up layers of ripples.

"What about you? Did you come to find me for an interrogation just like Mu Mu?"

After his thoughts had cleared up, it seemed as if he had put down his burden and Qin Sheng had gradually returned to his original nature from his previous life. Even though he was a shut-in, he was still a little mischievous. He blinked at Qing Si and asked with a grin, "If I were to be nagged by the great beauty Qing Si, then I would really die of happiness."

Qing Yi:…

"This guy!"

As she looked at Qin Luo's somewhat exaggerated performance, her fine black hair, for some reason, seemed to soften. At the same time, her face was suffused with a faint blush that had never been seen before.

Crack!

Crack!

Crack!

Qin Luo Sheng's mouth instantly dropped open and his eyes widened as if he had just seen a magnificent scene. He stared fixedly at the screen, not even blinking for fear of missing out on the beauty.

At the same time.

His fingers moved continuously as he frantically took screenshots.

Swoosh…

Yet.

Before long, the screen had already gone off.

Obviously.

On the other end of the line, Cyan Hair took the initiative to end the video call.

"Ding, the player you contacted has gone offline!"

Qin Sheng:…

What was going on?

So shy?

It seemed that this goddess was a real goddess. She was otherworldly and pure. She had yet to experience love!

"D * mn, doesn't that mean I have a chance?"

Qin Luo's heart instantly heated up. "Even if I'm not a scumbag and don't know how to sweet-talk, scumbags won't have a chance to get close to the green hair. I'm the one who got the best of the best. Furthermore, the green hair seems to view me in a different light. If I can't even win a king blow-up, I might as well find a rope and hang myself. How can I still be a transmigrator of J2?"