Chapter 453: The Appearance Of A Commercial Empire (4)

"It's just demon beast meat. There's no need to fight over it. Although I don't have much in my hands, I do have a hundred million points!"

???

Do you listen to what people say?

If not for the fact that you are our boss, if not for the fact that you have top-grade demonic beast meat in your hands, if not for the fact that we might not be able to defeat you, do you believe that we will let you know how powerful the spatula and spoon are on the spot!?

How shameless could she be when she put on airs in front of Chef?

"Done!"

As a master-level chef and an elder of the Chef's Alliance Association, Old Master Lin was highly respected. Almost all of the people present were his juniors. Some of them were even his disciples and grand-disciples. They were also hired as head chefs, so they naturally had the most say.

"If the owner has such quality beast meat, we are absolutely confident that we can build a famous restaurant in the owner's restaurant!"

Oh!

Although he was human, his aspirations were not old!

Good job!

Old Master Lin!

I like talents like you!

"Alright, since that's the case, I'll leave this restaurant to you, Old Master Lin!"

In the game world, everything was based on data. It was not like in real life where one had to scheme and kill brain cells crazily. Here, one only needed to look at numbers.

Favorability, loyalty, satisfaction…

Qin Luo Sheng had the great weapon of charm, MAX. It might not be a success, but at least it had an absolute advantage.

Under such conditions and with money to pave the way and cater to his needs (the best ingredients), even if these chefs didn't die for him, they wouldn't betray him easily.

Thus…

Qin Qin Sheng could then be at ease as a shopkeeper who did nothing!

‘ Of course.’

It was not as if he did not care about anything.

The kitchen and administrative management were two separate parts. The shopkeeper and the head chef were in charge of operations and dishes respectively. They kept each other in check. Basically, there would be no backlash from bullying the owner.

In addition, as the boss, he had money, property, and ingredients. With his life, even if the chefs and shopkeepers wanted to work together, they wouldn't be able to do anything.

"Everyone, get ready for the opening tomorrow!"

Qin Qin Sheng issued an order as the host. "Here is a small red packet. Consider it my greeting gift to everyone. From now on, my restaurant will depend on everyone!"

"Thank you, boss!”

"Boss is generous!"

"…"

With red packets and real money, the atmosphere was naturally lively.

Today, he was no longer the poor boy of the past, Qin Sheng. He had a few million yuan in his hands, which was naturally a huge sum of money. However, he was not a spendthrift either. Giving everyone a tenth of their salaries was already considered a high standard. After all, this was only a red packet for a greeting gift and a reward.

"I believe that all the masters are already excited about the hunt?"

After dismissing the chefs below, Old Master Lin and the group of senior chefs stayed behind. Seeing their eyes constantly darting towards the ingredients, Qin Sheng said with a smile, "Next, it's up to all of you to perform! You can use these ingredients as you please. No matter what method you use, just make a dish."

This was a test!

Old Master Lin, who was a Master Chef, was fully deserving of the title of Head Chef. He led nine restaurants and presided over the main branch of Star Glory City. As for the other eight main cities, they needed an administrative head Chef.

But.

Other than Old Master Lin, the rest of them were all high-level chefs. Who could convince whom?

Qin Luo Sheng did not wish for the kitchen to be unstable in the future, so he decided to "use the kitchen to select" and resolve the future troubles first. Everyone was a chef and depended on their skills to make a living. If one's skills were inferior to others, there was nothing to say, right?

When they heard that Qin Sheng was so generous as to actually take out such top-grade demon beast meat to use as he pleased, all the chefs' eyes lit up. Even the steady Old Master Lin was eager to try.

Two hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the table full of dishes. It was a dazzling lineup. The fragrance that was so thick that it could not be dissolved made his mouth water.

[Fried Spiritual Elephant Meat]: Advanced Consumable. Effect: Hunger + 100, Health Points permanently + 500, Constitution permanently + 10, Fire Resistance permanently + 1%! (Cannot be stacked)

[Blackwater Demon Snake Soup]: Advanced Cooking, Consumption Effect: Hunger + 100, Mana Permanent + 800, Spirit Permanent + 15, Poison Resistance Permanent + 3%! (Cannot be stacked)

[Secret BBQ Thunderbolt Tiger Meat]: Advanced Cooking, Consumption Effect: Hunger + 100, Thunder Resistance permanently + 5%! (Cannot be stacked)

…

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

He had just picked up his chopsticks and was about to start eating when he suddenly saw this scene from the feedback of the detection spell. He was instantly dumbfounded.

Am I seeing things?

Was this the high-level cooking that high-level chefs cooked with high-grade ingredients, Demonic Beast Meat?

I got it!

This effect…

It was simply explosive!

Especially Old Master Lin's masterpiece—

[Dragon-Phoenix Soup]: Master-level Cooking, Consumption Effect: Hunger + 100, Health Points + 2000, Mana Points Permanently + 2000, Four Elements Permanent + 20, Wind Resistance + 5% (Gale Demon Wolf's Heart), Earth Resistance + 5% (Dark Demonic Bear's Bears), Fire Resistance + 5% (Flaming Crown Chicken), Water Resistance + 5% (Dark Demonic Snake)! (Cannot be stacked)

Old Master Lin is awesome!

A master-level work!

A true master-level work!

It was too unbelievable!

Never had he imagined that cooking would actually be comparable to the legendary spirit pills and miraculous medicines. This monthly salary of 10,000 gold coins, the cost of these top quality ingredients was absolutely not misplaced.

Ding… congratulations on tasting [Dragon Phoenix Soup]. Hunger + 100, Health Points + 2000, Mana Points + 2000, Four Elements + 20,… '

Ding… congratulations on tasting [Fried Spiritual Elephant Meat]. Hunger + 100… '

Ding… congratulations on tasting [Blackwater Demon Snake Soup]. Hunger + 100… '

"…"

The wind swept away the clouds!

Qin Luo Sheng did not stand on ceremony as he devoured the delicacies on the table like a glutton.

None of the chefs laughed.

To them, what could be a better evaluation than the customers liking the delicacies they cooked and eating them all?

Chef side!

The test was perfect!

Qin Luo Sheng was rather satisfied. Under the fervent gazes of all the chefs, he left behind all sorts of demon beast meat that weighed over 500 kilograms. He then supported his waist and walked out of the kitchen.

Next!

Qin Luo Sheng spent a little more time shuttling back and forth between the nine main cities and met with the operations team represented by the manager of the nine restaurants. He encouraged them and threw out red packets to resolve all problems.

After everything was settled, Qin Luo opened the system's backstage and activated the store owner's authority.

"Ding, you have nine unnamed shops. Please name them!"

"Eating as an immortal!"

"Naming successful!"

Food was an Immortal, and food was the priority!

This was the name that Qin Luo Sheng had thought of long ago. It was a little vulgar, but it was elegant. As a restaurant, it relied on dishes, taste, and name.

With the presence of a Master Chef, more than twenty Senior Chefs (three Senior Chefs in each store), and Demonic Beast Meat that far exceeded the current market as the main product, Qin Luo Sheng could not think of any reason why his food would not be popular!

"Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilions, Nine Foods is the Immortal. My business empire has already begun to take shape!"

Qin Sheng stood in front of the antique three-story building and looked at the plaque with the words' Food for Immortality 'on it. He smiled smugly.