Chapter 452: The Appearance Of A Commercial Empire (3)

"What are the family rules?"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled evilly. He stretched out his large hand and patted the air in a very dignified manner. "Be careful of your little butt!"

Sizzle ~

The dream Steam Maiden was born.

"Alright, I won't tease you anymore. Rest well until you're not tired at all. Do you hear me?"

Qin Luo bent down and carefully covered Mengmeng with the blanket. Looking at her fair and smooth forehead, he could not help but lower his head on impulse. He gently imprinted a kiss on her forehead. Looking at Mengmeng whose face had turned from red to deep red, even her ears and neck were infected, he gave a satisfied chuckle and left softly.

…

Leaving the room.

Qin Luo Sheng took the contact information on Mengmeng's desk and contacted a group of chefs who were interested in joining him in opening a new restaurant.

He, who was not eloquent, chose the most direct and most effective way—to use money!

In any case, now that he had millions of dollars in his hands, he was not short of money. With the nine Hidden Dragon Pavilions, it was like nine mountains of gold, bringing him endless wealth. As long as he did not seek death, he would not be poor even if he had to sit and eat.

The profits from the potion business would be monopolized by him before the players reached level 50.

With the existence of two major supporting industries, especially one of which was a monopoly, even if the restaurant lost money, they could afford it.

Still.

With Mengmeng's help, they had even found a master chef. It would be difficult to compensate them!

The restaurant was much more complicated than the provision store. From the shopkeeper, chef, to purchasing and cleaning, just the complexity of the personnel structure was enough to destroy the provision store.

As it was the first day of the restaurant's opening, it was naturally necessary to have a unique product to launch the first shot and display its strength!

Qin Sheng already had an idea about this!

He had a lot of good stuff on him!

During his trip to Moonlight Forest, he had gathered quite a few ingredients, such as the Howling Moon Wolf meat.

‘ Of course.’

The core was the Demonic Beast meat collected from the Demonic Beasts killed in the Moon God Temple.

Reality proved it!

There were many hobbies.

A swordsman loves a sword, a scholar loves books…

Then—

Chefs naturally loved ingredients!

A clever housewife cannot cook without rice!

The better the chef, the stricter the requirements for the ingredients.

When Qin Luo took out the demon beast meat, he could clearly feel that the eyes of all the chefs were shining, especially the master chef in front of him, Old Master Lin. His eyes were almost green.

The meat of demonic beasts!

Although this wasn't the best ingredient, it was still a high-end ingredient!

Ordinary chefs, even intermediate chefs, were not qualified to cook. Only advanced chefs were slightly qualified.

As for master chefs, they were naturally skilled and could cook perfectly, completely activating the energy contained within the demon beast meat.

However, a Master Chef's culinary skills were up to standard. There was no problem at all. But the key was that even if you had the culinary skills, it would be a waste if you didn't have the ingredients!

Initially, the chefs here had come to invest in the restaurant for Mengmeng's sake, seeing that the restaurant owner had offered a high price and that their idol, Old Master Lin, had stepped in.

Yet.

Including Old Master Lin, none of the chefs had expected this young-looking boss to be so impressive. Not only did he pull out a bunch of high-quality ingredients, but he even cooked a piece of demonic beast meat that weighed at least fifty kilograms.

"Old Master Lin, do you think this thing can be our restaurant's main product?"

Qin Luo asked nervously.

The Demonic Beast Meat that he had just taken out was an enhanced Gold Boss that he had killed in the Moon Temple. The meat of the Three-Headed Lion could be considered as one of the most high-quality ones in his possession. If this one was not enough, the rest of the meat would probably be about the same, and he would basically be done for.

"Is this the main product for public sale?"

Old Master Lin was stunned.

Who was this?

‘ Is there a mine at home?’

So extravagant?

In the past, when the aristocrats hunted a demon beast, which one of them did not guard it strictly and use the demon beast meat as an investment? They would either offer it up, invite guests to pull connections, or eat it themselves… Who would be so generous as to sell it?

"Can't I?"

Qin Luo was somewhat confused.

I'm opening a restaurant. If I don't sell this demon beast meat, am I supposed to keep it for others to admire?

"Sure, sure, no problem!"

Old Master Lin nodded. He would do whatever his boss said. As long as he could cook the demonic beast meat for him, why would he care about anything else?

"Erm, Boss, this is such a big piece of demonic beast meat. Elder Lin is already old, so don't let him tire himself out."

At this moment, an honest-looking middle-aged chef stepped forward. Ignoring Old Master Lin's murderous gaze, he said to Qin Luo Sheng with a slightly pleading tone, "Why don't you share some of the profits with me? My culinary skills have already reached the pinnacle of advanced level. I have no problem cooking demonic beast meat!"

"That's right, that's right. Boss, I can do it too!"

"Li Heizi, what are you fighting for? This demon beast meat is lion meat. You're good at aquatic production, so don't waste this top-grade ingredient!"

"Don't talk about Li Heizi. What you're good at is soup. This lion meat is suitable for barbeque, and it's heavily seasoned to hide the smell. I've been barbecuing for decades, and no one is more suitable than me?"

"Bah! How shameless! Who said lion meat is only suitable for barbeque? I, the King of Stir-fryers, refuse to accept this!"

"…"

Instantly.

A piece of Demonic Beast Meat almost caused the group of high-level chefs to fight.

The entire scene was chaotic.

A group of intermediate chefs and apprentice chefs watched as their master or head chef fought over the demon beast meat. All of them were extremely envious.

Unfortunately, their level was not high enough. Even if they were given demon beast meat, they would not be able to make delicious delicacies and waste high-grade ingredients for nothing.

Since he couldn't do it himself, he could only pray that his master or head chef would be good at cooking. In that case, he could at least observe and learn from them. He could even learn from them and do some chores!

"Don't fight over it, everyone has it!"

Never in his wildest dreams had Qin Luo Sheng imagined that a piece of demonic beast meat would cause such a huge commotion. Could it be that this batch of demonic beast meat in his hands was a treasure?

If even high-level chefs were so crazy, even master-level chefs couldn't help themselves when they saw it. Heh, this was something!

"Dong dong dong ~ ~ ~ ~”

As it turned out, those who could fight should not be bullsh * tting.

Seeing that his words were ineffective, a group of chefs were still fighting over it. Qin Sheng simply threw out a few more pieces of demon beast meat.

Instantly!

Everyone fell silent!

“This is Spiritual Elephant Meat, Blackwater Demon Snake Meat, Thunderbolt Tiger Meat, Dark Demonic Bear Meat…”

Qin Luo Sheng said expressionlessly, "It's just demon beast meat. There's no need to fight over it. Although I don't have much, I do have a hundred million points!"

Old Master Lin:…

All the chefs:…

——————————

Author's Note: