Chapter 457: Dead Soul Ring

After agreeing to help Sanguine Primrose complete the Second Stage Profession, Qin Luo hung up.

There was a lot going on.

Qin Luo Sheng had no time to chat with Little Missy.

Besides!

Even if you want to randomly chat with him, you still have to see if he is willing!?

After all, he was also the president of the Rose Society. He had been trapped in Moonlight Forest for so many days, and there were so many things waiting to be dealt with. What was a mere day?

Just like him!

Even a mere Hidden Dragon Pavilion business was almost exhausted to death!

Fortunately.

This time, he was smart. The restaurant ate like an immortal. Basically, they would be able to do whatever they wanted. As long as they firmly controlled the funds and high-grade ingredients, they could basically sit on the fishing platform.

"Let's continue. We were interrupted by that Sanguine Primrose just now so we haven't seen the rest of the loot yet!"

As Qin Luo Sheng spoke, he took out more than ten pieces of glittering equipment from his backpack.

These items were all equipment from special parts, but they were basically Silver equipment. Now, due to the sublimation of the Starlight Miracle, they had become Gold equipment.

Unfortunately.

Gold equipment was only so-so. It could not compare to the Epic equipment on him.

Even though his basic attributes were much higher due to his rank, was Qin Luo's attributes lower than those, more than ten points, or even dozens of basic attributes?

Jewelry and other special equipment were not like weapons or armor. Attack and defense were the most important things on the interface. The most important thing was ability.

Take a level 35 gold necklace for example. Its basic attributes were slightly higher than the one Qin Sheng was wearing now, but its function was to pull!

How awesome was the special effect of [Life Prayer]?

He would recover 1% of his health points every second, + 50% damage to dark-type creatures, and increase the chances of triggering his negative effects!

This!

Coupled with his unique revival ability, he could do it once a day!

Even with the enhancement of more than 100 points from the four major attributes, Qin Sheng did not hesitate to choose the Life Praying Necklace!

"Current equipment cannot be replaced, but this thing is not bad!"

Qin Luo Sheng took out a shiny gold ring from the pile of equipment and wore it on the middle finger of his left hand. "Coincidentally, I sold the [Wolf Fang] previously and never found a suitable ring. Now I have it."

[Undead Ring]

Type: Ring

Grade: Gold

Requirement: Level 35

Durability: 20 / 20

Effect: Health + 3500, Mana + 3500, Constitution + 10, Spirit + 20

Special Effect: [Wraith Entanglement] Passive effect. Every attack has a chance to decrease the enemy's resistance to darkness by 1%. Maximum decrease by 10%.

Introduction: A ring that contains some power of death. It can give the wearer powerful vitality and mental strength.

That's right!

Right here!

The short introduction and poor attributes made Qin Sheng, who had seen many Epic and even Legendary equipment, feel very uncomfortable.

"Forget it, it's just a Gold Rank ring. Let's leave it at that. It's better than nothing!"

According to the rules of Fate Dimension, two rings could be worn, one on each hand, and the player would decide which finger to wear.

Qin Luo Sheng currently only had one Epic-ranked ring—Death Bones!

This [Death Ring] filled the gap.

Even though the special effects were useless and did not have any additional skills, it still added 3,500 Health Points and Mana Points. It was not bad to have 10 Constitution and 20 Spirit Points.

"Gold accessories are definitely the most valuable equipment in the current Gold rank! Coincidentally, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch doesn't have any high-grade equipment to attract attention. Isn't this a live advertisement?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not need these, but for other players, accessories with extremely low drop rates had always been the most popular because accessories usually increased health points and mana, and also had four basic attributes that were needed for any class.

Moreover, the video in Qin Luo's hands was a high-end product of the Gold rank. It would definitely make those rich people wave their money and cry as they fought to buy it.

"There's no hurry. Let's finish examining the spoils of war and see if there are any more surprises!"

The trip to Moonlight Forest had taken ten days. With Qin Sheng's super high luck and the fact that it was the first time those monsters had been killed, he had sold most of his loot to the Rose Society. However, the spoils of war that belonged to him were not just this little.

Qin Sheng had also received several pieces of Gold equipment.

The Starlight Miracle had sublimated to the Epic stage!

What a pity!

The Epic equipment used by the five Warriors were all common items. They were all the five outer items (helmets, armor, weapons, gauntlets, boots). The only two items that could be replaced were helmets and armor. This was because the helmet and armor used by Qin Luosheng previously were Gold-grade!

Yet.

These five items did not have helmets or armor.

How disgusting!

"The equipment is all Level 35 and above. It's not something that the current players can use! Since that's the case, I can only use it as an exhibition item and put it in the branch to attract more customers!"

Qin Luo Sheng thought of the eight new Hidden Dragon Pavilion branches that he had just opened and was instantly interested. He searched through his storehouse but did not find any gold equipment.

It made sense.

Gold equipment was definitely top tier equipment nowadays. With Hidden Dragon Pavilion's interest in buying low and selling high, how could they buy gold equipment that was lower than the market price?

He opened the virtual trading platform!

Smart search!

Grade: Gold, Type: No limit. Search price range: From low to high!

Immediately!

The image jumped.

"F*ck, how f*cking evil!"

When he saw a Level 10 Gold Staff on the front page, its super trashy stats were priced at 50 gold coins, Qin Luo Sheng instantly spat out a fragrant aroma.

50 gold coins!

Based on the current exchange rate, it was about five thousand yuan!

Did he really think that the money of a tycoon came from nowhere?

Five thousand yuan was indeed his breakfast money, but being generous did not mean he was stupid.

The first-rate players were all close to Level 30 and were about to reach the Second Stage Profession. Most of the mainstream players had also reached Level 20 and above, moving between Level 22 and 25!

You are a level 10 staff with no attributes, special effects, or even any additional skills. How dare you sell it for 50 gold coins?

How poor!

"Goodbye!"

Qin Sheng, who had been prepared to enjoy Taobao, immediately felt his mood plummet and shut off the virtual trading platform.

"Initially, I wanted to hang an Epic equipment in one of the branches, but it seems like I shouldn't! I don't want to be a fool and be slaughtered like a pig."

The small farmer's thoughts, coupled with his unhappy mood, Qin Sheng directly put an end to his own equipment promotional plan. After all, with Hidden Dragon Pavilion's popularity, it was a unique product. This so-called promotion was just icing on the cake. It did not matter whether it was there or not.