Chapter 455: Glass Robe

[Duality Dao Sword]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Legendary

Requires: Level 40, Warrior, Mage

Durability: 100 / 100

Effect: Physical Attack + 3500, Magic Attack + 3500, Strength + 150, Spirit + 150

Special Effect: [Duality] Duality user, yin and yang. The Duality Dao Sword contains the Dao of yin and yang. It can freely switch attack attributes, turning physical attacks into magic damage, turning magic attacks into physical damage!

Special Effect: 【 Taiji 】 gives birth to two opposing forces. The two opposing forces can be turned back into Taiji. Taiji practitioner, there is yang in yin and yang in yang. There is a chance to reduce 50% of the attack and return the damage to the enemy!

Additional Skill: [Dual Sword Realm] consumes 10,000 Mana Points, activates the Yin Yang Fish, activates the Sword Realm, and attacks all targets within a 20x20 radius indiscriminately. Damage is 250% Physical Damage + 250% Mana Damage. There is a chance to add a Confusion effect. Cooldown: 10 hours!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Curse: Chaos Barrier] consumes 20,000 Mana Points, 50 * X in the longitudinal direction, 10 * X (X is the player's Class Advancement number) to form a barrier. Within the Chaos Barrier, everything returns to Chaos Limitless, sealing all energy! Duration: X second (X is the player's level). Cooldown: Seven days!

Introduction: Duality Dao Sword, a Dao Weapon forged according to the concept of Yin and Yang. Originally, it was just an ordinary Numinous Treasure Dao Weapon, but due to unknown reasons, it evolved and became a Dharma treasure. It reversed the initial phase of Yin and Yang—the power of chaos. Furthermore, it awakened a forbidden spell and evolved into a legendary weapon!

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

Wow ~

What kind of godly weapon was this?

As expected of a Legendary!

Be it the effects, special effects, or supplementary skills, they were not inferior to [Coiling Dragon Water]!

The sword was just like its name—Yin and Yang!

Yin and Yang.

On the other hand, the Duality Dao Sword had both physical attacks and magic attacks. Its additional attributes also represented physical strength and the spirit of magic.

Qin Sheng absolutely did not believe that this was an accident!

There were two special effects of the Duality Dao Sword, which could not compare to the three effects of [Coiling Dragon Water].

Still.

This was understandable. After all, the Coiling Dragon Li Water relied on energy absorption to evolve. It was far from reaching its limits, and it might even evolve into a Mythical weapon in the future.

The Duality Dao Sword was strong, but there was still a limit. This limit, if nothing unexpected happened, was the current grade—Legend!

The first special effect [Yin-Yang], simply put, was to transform physical attacks into magic injuries, and magic attacks into physical injuries. Don't think that this was useless, but the effect was very strong.

With this special effect, in the future, no matter if it was dealing with monsters or players, they would have an absolute advantage—depending on the enemy's attributes, they could change the way they dealt damage.

If the enemy's physical defense was strong, then his damage would be converted into magic damage!

If the enemy's magic defense was high, then his damage would be turned into physical damage!

Isn't it shameless?

The second special effect [Taiji] had an effect similar to the Taiji Fist which could deflect a large amount of force. If you hit me, I will deflect a portion of your force and return that portion to you.

This was definitely a godly skill. Its effect was equivalent to the Lord of the Stars' bug-level skill—Astral Spirit Mirror!

What a pity!

This was not an active skill, but a passive skill, and the effect was reduced.

However, this did not affect its strength. Once it was triggered, 50% of the damage would be reduced, and 50% of the damage would be returned. It was equivalent to the full-power attack of the target. You should have taken all of it, and the target would not have suffered any damage. Instead, you and the target would each receive 50% of the damage.

There was nothing to say about the two additional skills.

The Dual Modal Sword World was a pure AOE killing technique. However, it had a flaw. It could not differentiate between friend and foe. Its attacks were indiscriminate, and it was easy to accidentally injure one!

In other words, the Forbidden Curse Chaos Barrier was a Forbidden Devil Barrier!

Being unable to use any energy was definitely the absolute nemesis of existences like mages!

“Sigh, the effect is indeed powerful. It can totally replace [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. After the endowment, it might even reach a higher level!”

Qin Luo played with the Duality Dao Sword lovingly, familiarizing himself with its weight, mass, and all other data. "But, why is it limited to Level 40? Isn't it freaking craving me?"

Qin Luo Sheng's resentment was earth-shattering!

Such a powerful divine weapon could only be seen and not used. This was a form of torture!

"Level 40! I'm only Level 35 now! Based on my current experience bar, if I don't have a hidden quest like the Moon Temple, even if I kill monsters for 12 hours a day and kill monsters 10 levels higher than me, it would take at least four to five days or even a week to level up!"

Qin Luo Sheng's balls were aching. "With such efficiency, it's impossible to bring the Duality Sword to the Dragon Abyss in 20 days!"

Forget it! Forget it!

So be it!

Even without the Duality Dao Sword, would the Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier be weak?

He should continue to check the spoils of war and see if they were as good as the Duality Dao Sword!

[Glass Robe]

Grade: Legendary

Requirement: Level 40

Durability: 60 / 60

Effect: Physical Defense + 3000, Magic Defense + 3000, Constitution + 300

Special Effect: [Glazed Titan], Indestructible Body, increases Defense by 50%. When attacked, there is a chance for Glazed Titan Body to reduce damage by 80%!

Additional Skill: [Glazed Golden Body] consumes 10,000 Mana Points, grants absolute defense, reduces 100% damage, lasts for 10 seconds! Cooldown: 1 hour!

Additional Skill: [Forbidden Curse Glazed Titan] consumes 20,000 Mana Points. Summons the power of Vajra from the Dao Sect to strengthen the body. Health Points recovery speed + 20% / second, Mana Recovery speed + 20% / second, Defense + 500%, immunity to all DEBUFFs, lasts for 1 minute! Cooldown time: 7 days!

Introduction: Legend has it that the Daoist robe is made of glass from outer space. It has the support of 49 types of formations. Its defense is extremely shocking. It is invulnerable to swords and spears, impervious to fire and water, impervious to all poisons. It has evolved due to an unknown reason. It has awakened the power of Vajra and activated a forbidden spell. It has evolved into a legendary armor!

Indeed!

He did not disappoint me!

Qin Sheng exhaled heavily when he saw the attributes of the [Glass Robe].

Even with the Duality Dao Sword in front of him and having mentally prepared himself, Qin Sheng was still shocked by the attributes and abilities of the Duality Dao Sword.

His dual-attribute Defense was as high as 3,000 points, and his Constitution had an additional 300 points!

There was only one special effect, but this one was comparable to five or ten rubbish special effects.

Passive effect: Increase Defense by 50%. Just this alone could completely destroy 99% of the armor's special effects.

Active triggering had a damage reduction of 80%. Once it was triggered, how could anyone survive?

There were two supplementary skills just like the Duality Dao Sword!

[Glazed Golden Body] was the legendary absolute defense. It could last up to 10 seconds and was extremely terrifying!

[Forbidden Curse Glazed Titan] was a super strong defense buff. Once it was activated, one would basically be like an unkillable cockroach. Not only were they immune to all negative effects, but they could also f*cking recover. As long as they were not instakilled, they could do whatever they wanted and jump right in front of the Boss.

"But why is it Level 40 again?"

Qin Luo was filled with grief and indignation.

He could still tolerate weapons!

After all, with [Coiling Dragon Li Water] supporting him, [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] was not bad either!

But what about the armor?

Gold grade [Skeleton Heavy Armor]!

If this thing were to spread out, it would be quite impressive. It would definitely be ranked in the S-list rankings.

But that would depend on who he was competing with!

Compared to the [Glass Robe], [Skeleton Heavy Armor] was indeed a piece of trash that could not be refuted!

———————

< EMPTY >