Chapter 454: Legendary Single-Handed Sword: Duality Dao Sword

Small issues solved.

Qin Sheng, who had been busy repeatedly, felt a little tired.

He looked at the money he had on him. It seemed that after leaving a portion for the nine restaurants, he still had over a million left.

There was nothing to say.

Arrangements!

Ten minutes later!

Qin Luo Sheng obtained the title deed to the first mansion in the two main cities. He did not care about the double-digit gold coins in his bag anymore. He crushed the return scroll of Starlight City happily and returned to Luo Shen Residence.

He quietly observed Mengmeng's condition and found that she was still sleeping soundly. It seemed that she was really exhausted these few days, so he did not disturb her.

There were still a few hours left in the weakening period, but at the same time, there were only a few hours left in the game.

It was impossible to kill monsters and level up.

Just in time.

Qin Luo had not had his fill of smithing the last time. If he did not seize this opportunity, how could he live up to Old Wang's Inheritance Pearl and his advanced weapon refinement techniques?

"Speaking of forging, I seem to have forgotten something?"

Qin Luo touched his head and suddenly recalled, "Oh right, didn't I forge a batch of single-handed swords last time? Because I secretly ran away from Moonlight Forest, I didn't dare to sell the signed equipment. Now that a few days have passed, the grade of the equipment can't even catch up to the second tier. If I don't sell it now, I'm afraid it will fall into my hands."

Qin Luo hurriedly took out a batch of materials from his secret chamber and rushed to Hidden Dragon Pavilion without stopping to rest. He put on his signature equipment, which was priced 20% higher than the market price.

He had no choice.

With his tearful signature, this was an invisible increase in value.

Do you know what a fan economy is?

This was it!

Beep beep beep…

Just as Qin Luo was about to head to the blacksmith store to rent a professional forging room to enjoy his ironing addiction, his communicator suddenly rang.

He opened it.

He was stunned!

It was actually Sanguine Primrose's?

Such an icy goddess would take the initiative to contact people?

"Weeping Soul, I want to order a batch of talismans!"

The call connected.

The unique voice of Sanguine Primrose rang out.

Qin Sheng:…

Missy.

You're really impolite!

How long have we been apart?

Less than a day?

I've only f*cking learned the art of talisman charms for a day, and you're already here to order?

Could it be that I am an immortal? I can learn it as soon as I learn it, and I can make a finished product in just a moment?

“You should know what you’re talking about, right?”

Qin Luo replied speechlessly, "Did you come a little earlier?"

"You should know the importance of talismans!"

Sanguine Primrose ignored Qin Luo Sheng's ridicule as she continued, "The earlier you create it, the more you will earn and the more benefits I will receive."

"But you can't come in less than a day!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but say, "I haven't even studied properly yet. I haven't even prepared the materials!"

"You only have one month!"

Sanguine Primrose seemed to know that she had been pressuring Zhang Daoming too much, so she slowly said: "If you can't produce any talismans within a month, then we will have no choice but to spend crystal coins to purchase them from Zhang Daoming!"

"A month?"

Qin Luo frowned slightly. "I'll accept this order. However, do you also use crystal coins to purchase talismans from me?"

"…"

Sanguine Primrose was silent for a moment before replying: "You should know the importance of crystal coins better than I do. I can help you and Zhang Daoming make a one month agreement and lend you crystal coins to tide through this crisis, but remember, I am lending it to you. As for buying talismans, I hope that you can use gold coins to trade, or rather, RMB. You have the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, so I cannot restrict your business with others, but I hope that you can give me a discount price!"

"Sure!"

Qin Qin Sheng pondered for a few seconds before nodding in agreement.

Previously, he had already reached an agreement with the Rose Society. Since they were partners, everyone was on the same boat now. They were all silently purchasing crystal coins from the market and making a fortune in silence. Naturally, they had to show some sincerity.

The Rose Society's sincerity was to lend him crystal coins in a month to buy Zhang Daoming's Nine Characters Mantra!

As for him, he naturally had to return the favor and give up the benefits. Either he had exclusive access to the Rose Society talisman, then it didn’t matter if it had a high value. But if the talisman was used for the masses, then he would have to give them a large discount.

Regarding this.

Qin Luo Sheng did not dislike it.

It was a win-win situation!

Everyone benefited.

Besides.

It wasn't like he hadn't done this before.

Dragon City's medicine was an example. Selling it to Yatu was much cheaper than selling it to other forces.

It was a collaboration with Rose!

As for the Elegance Room, they owed him a favor!

"By the way, if you have any equipment that you don't need, I can purchase it at the highest market price. If it's at the Epic stage, the price can even rise by two levels!"

Just as he was about to hang up the call, Sanguine Primrose's voice rang out once more, "You can use a Warrior's equipment as well. You must have obtained quite a few useful Warrior's equipment before this, right? Whether it is equipment that you have eliminated or new equipment that you have identified, I am interested in them.”

Right!

Qin Luo slapped his forehead!

He just felt like he had forgotten something.

So this was it!

Damn it!

He was so busy that he even forgot about his favorite item identification.

"Wait for me to contact him!"

Sanguine Primrose anxiously replied to him, ignoring the fact that she was a goddess in the dreams of countless men. Without hesitation, she hung up the call and hurried towards the appraisal shop.

3700 gold coins!

When Qin Luo walked out of the appraisal shop, his entire face was black!

He, who had just earned over a million gold coins, was actually stumped by a mere 3,000 gold coins. If not for the fact that he had just replenished his stock, after a few hours, he would have sold like crazy, and his revenue would increase exponentially. He would not even be able to fork out the money to appraise equipment.

"I spent 3700 gold coins. I hope it's worth it!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the shiny equipment in his backpack. As it had already been appraised and revealed its original appearance, he prayed silently, "This price is enough for me to buy an Epic equipment directly. Please don't drag me down!"

Same old rules!

Ignoring everything else, he cast a Starlight Miracle first!

Ding! Ding! Ding!

Clear and crisp system prompts kept ringing in his ears. Every one of them was successful. Even the Epic Duality Dao Sword and the Glazed Daoist Robe were the same. They were successfully sublimated and became the ceiling of the current grade—Legendary grade!

As a warrior, Qin Sheng naturally loved weapons more!

So—

He immediately picked up the Duality Dao Sword!

This ancient Chinese-style sword had a Dao pattern on its edge and a Yin-Yang symbol on its hilt. It was really good-looking!