Chapter 451: The Appearance Of A Commercial Empire (2)

In the previous transaction, every representative used half of their cash and half of their gold coins!

This time!

It was no exception!

Qin Luo had been delayed in the Moonlight Forest and the Moon God Temple for ten days, causing the weekly transaction to be delayed until now.

Gold coins were a price per day, and after ten days, the price of gold coins was no longer the same as it was ten days ago. It had fallen sharply, and from the previous one, it could be exchanged for nearly 1,500 yuan. Now, it could only be exchanged for less than 300 yuan.

The increase in gold coins meant that the players' lives were slightly better. At least, they did not have to be unable to afford potions like in the beginning.

Even so.

Before virtual currency and real currency were exchanged, gold coins were still scarce for large forces. It would be best if they could use RMB to cover half of the funds.

Less than half an hour!

The transaction was completed!

When everyone had left and Qin Sheng was the only one left in the tea house, his previous stoic face was replaced by a radiant smile.

He had no choice.

From purchasing to selling, it had only been an hour. However, the income was over four million gold coins and the RMB equivalent to four million gold coins. Was this not worth being happy about?

With such a huge sum in his hand, Qin Sheng did not immediately fulfill his dream of buying the number one mansion in the nine main cities. Instead, he prepared to throw it into a "bottomless pit"!

Hidden Dragon Pavilion's branch, as well as the restaurants in the nine main cities, were all ready to open. The reason why they did not open earlier was because they were in Moonlight Forest and did not want to arouse Sanguine Primrose's suspicion.

Now.

Without any worries, if he did not open it now, when would he open it?

If he just left it there like that, his daily maintenance fees would be quite high, right?

"Finish up the trivial matters and then go home to ask Mengmeng if the chef is ready. As long as the chef is in place, the restaurant can open anytime!"

Qin Luo Sheng drank the tea in one gulp and then stood up to pay the bill.

Then…

The white light kept flashing. Qin Luo kept teleporting to the other eight main cities to open the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch.

To hire NPC employees to carry goods back and forth, then advertise ~ ~ ~ ~

He was busy.

After nearly two hours, Qin Sheng finally lived up to his expectations—he was exhausted!

With the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's reputation, there was no need for too much publicity for the new branch. There would definitely be people who would come because of its reputation. In addition, the goods in the store were strong enough. It would definitely be the same as when the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's main branch opened for business. The reputation of the store would spread like wildfire, and then the traffic would be full.

Except.

This made him miserable.

In the past, just the Hidden Dragon Pavilion alone had made him extremely tired. Now, there were nine of them, but this…

Replenish, replenish, replenish…

The time needed to hire employees, the time needed to open a shop, and the time needed to advertise were actually just a little.

The reason why he only rested for two hours was that 90% of his time was spent on replenishing his stock.

Normal players did not have the return scrolls from other main cities. Previously, when they bought the Starlight Miracle Transcendence's powerful intermediate potions and the high-quality potions from Dragon City, they either got it from their friends or bought it from Yellow Ox at a high price.

Now.

The Hidden Dragon Pavilion opened up their main city and no longer needed to beg for help or spend a high price to buy it. How could they not add in a wave?

It was precisely because of this that the potion business of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion erupted. Qin Sheng dragged his weak body and almost died of exhaustion from replenishment.

Fortunately, Dragon City's potions were too powerful and the price was too high. Normal players could not afford to use them. Even if they bought them, they would only buy one or two bottles to save their lives. The replenishment could last for a long time.

As for the middle-grade potions with high demand, the supply point was very close. It was in the system pharmacy, where the shop was dying. However, using Starlight Miracle Refinement was a little too exhausting.

"Very good. Now that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch's reputation has been spread, and there are NPCs hired at a high price keeping an eye on it, I only need to be a boss who doesn't do anything. When I have time, I'll come and replenish the goods, and at the same time, sublimate the equipment I collected. That's all!"

Qin Luo Sheng laid on the floor and watched the revenue crazily jump. Even though his body was very tired, he felt very comfortable in his heart. Especially when he saw the number of crystal coins rising steadily, he was grinning from ear to ear.

Indeed.

Opening a shop in all nine main cities was the right choice.

With the Hidden Dragon Pavilion as a golden signboard, it would be much easier to purchase crystal coins in large-scale stores!

"Alright, the Provisions Shop is on the right track. Next up is the restaurant that I have been longing for!"

After resting for a while, Qin Sheng regained some of his strength and stood up from the floor. "Little Mengmeng, don't disappoint me!"

He crushed the return scroll.

Qin Luo returned to the resurrection point of Star Brilliance City once again. Then, he ran towards his mansion without stopping.

Back at the Luoshen Residence.

Under the respectful greetings of the many eye-catching maidservants, Qin Sheng went straight to his study, which was also the specially permitted office for Mengmeng.

"Young Master, you're back!"

Upon seeing Qin Luo Sheng, Mengmeng, who was working, was pleasantly surprised. She hurriedly put down the pen in her hand and walked over to welcome him. She looked at him with a pulse in her eyes. There seemed to be streams of light swirling in her eyes, and they were moist and rippling.

"You've worked hard!"

Qin Luo looked at Mengmeng's dark eye circles that could be seen with the naked eye. His heart ached for her somewhat frail body and her slightly pale face.

"No!"

Mengmeng blushed when she felt her young master's warm hand caressing her face. She said happily, "Mengmeng, it's not hard!"

"Young Master, Mengmeng has completed the task you gave her!"

Mengmeng smiled and said, "After Mengmeng's persuasion, Old Master Lin is prepared to accept Young Master's invitation to be the head chef of Young Master's restaurant. The total number of chefs that Young Master needs has also been gathered. Now, as long as Young Master's restaurant opens for business, they can immediately move in!"

"So fast?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little surprised. He immediately understood what was going on when he saw the exhausted Mengmeng.

"Yes!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's pained expression, a warm smile appeared on Mengmeng's face. It was as if all the fatigue in her body had disappeared at this moment. "There are many chefs in the Chef's Association. Moreover, Young Master, you've given them a lot. The restaurant has just opened and has a lot of potential for development. With the addition of Old Master Lin, a master chef, they naturally can't refuse!"

"Alright, Mengmeng, stop worrying about this!"

Qin Luo Sheng cut Mengmeng off. Ignoring everything else, he picked her up by the waist and carried her to his room. "Now listen to me and have a good rest. Leave the rest to me. If I see you so tired the next time I come back, be careful of the family rules!"

Mengmeng, who was holding onto the blanket with her hands, only revealed a blushing face. She could feel the scorching heat coming from her waist and the bend of her legs. Her eyes started to glow. When she heard that, she subconsciously replied, "What's the family law?"