Chapter 450: The Appearance Of A Commercial Empire (1)

A new day!

Qin Luo Sheng slept for a full ten hours before lazily getting out of bed.

This feeling was really satisfying!

She took some time to meet the girl who had promised her mother last week.

It took less than half an hour for them to meet and talk until they parted ways.

Actually, this girl was not bad. Her looks were 80 points and her personality was not bad.

Unfortunately, they were not fated!

In the face of a ruthless blue man like Qin Luo, he had long decided that this was just a formality and was destined to be a failed matchmaking session.

He gave his mother a call and briefly explained the situation. He solemnly said that he was on the right track at the moment and that he would be very busy from now on. He was afraid that he would not be able to date for the time being. In other words, he was trying to tell her not to arrange random blind dates for him.

After appeasing his mother, Qin Luo returned home.

"What are you doing today?"

After ten days of tense games, he had finally been released yesterday. He had escaped from the huge pit in the Moon Temple, and his level had also gone from the target's level 30. He had exceeded his target's level, and now it was level 35. So, he did not panic and prepared to rest for a while.

Furthermore!

Even if he wanted to cause trouble, he currently did not have the ability!

Because he had used Dragon's Blood Ignition previously, his debilitation period had been with him for a day. From yesterday until now, it had not even been 24 hours. What could 10% of his attributes do? It was better to stay in the city and not go out and seek death.

"I can't level up, kill monsters, or kill bosses anymore, so I can only do it for free. It just so happens that I didn't have the chance to do so before. Today is the right time to open the Hidden Dragon Pavilion branch in the other eight main cities."

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "There are a total of nine stores collecting crystal coins at the same time. Let's see how the situation turns out first. If the results are minimal, then I'll have no choice but to go astray and think of other ways. After all, I'm determined to get the Nine Characters Mantra!"

He did as he was told.

She hailed a taxi and returned to her neighborhood.

Qin Luo turned to look at the time. It was already close to noon and it was time for lunch.

Thus…

She found a nearby Sichuan restaurant and packed a dozen dishes before returning home with two large bags full.

He dragged Nan Nan out of bed and had a nice meal together. After resting for half an hour, Qin Sheng returned to his room, activated the gaming chamber and lay down.

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared on the second floor of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion.

"Oh my, it's only been half a day, yet you've already received close to a thousand crystal coins?”

He opened the backstage and activated the store owner's authority. Qin Sheng clearly saw the amount of crystal coins that he had instructed Old Liu to purchase before going offline yesterday.

"I wonder what will happen to the Primrose Militia. With the swift and decisive execution of the Primrose Militia, the Primrose Militia should have more resources and connections than me."

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin and frowned slightly as he looked at the number of crystal coins that had already stopped moving for a long time. "It's not time yet. These two days have just begun. Those capital moguls are probably still watching from the sidelines. They rarely join the battlefield and can still purchase the crystal coins in a slightly stable manner. When the capital moguls come out, it will be time to fight with bayonets."

Closing the backstage!

Qin Qin Sheng did not ask Old Liu to increase the price of the crystal coins. Instead, he continued to buy them at the previous price.

After looking around the warehouse, he realized that the normal potions had been sold out long ago, but the equipment that he had purchased was full!

What else could he say?

Work!

After a round of work, he went back and forth from the System Medicine Shop next door several times. He filled up all the goods and the warehouse. Then, he performed the Starlight Miracle and upgraded all the equipment he bought. He threw them to Old Liu and his two subordinates to make arrangements.

Qin Sheng was already in a weak state and had expended a lot of energy. He lay on the floor like a dead fish for half a day before recovering.

Beep beep beep…

At this moment.

The communicator rang crazily.

"Big Brother, I'm calling you Big Brother. When are you going to be released from prison? Save the child. How long has it been since you lost food? You're going to starve to death!"

As soon as the call was connected, Yatu's resentful voice boomed in his ears, causing Qin Luo's blood to run cold.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. This is a special situation. I really have no choice!"

Qin Luo hurriedly apologized.

This was indeed his fault!

Back then, he had invited many factions to discuss how to sell the return scroll. At the same time, he had also promoted his own unique potion, which was very popular.

At that time, they had already agreed that in order to save time, they would trade once a week.

Who knew?

After the first transaction, this second transaction immediately stood them up. It had been delayed until today. It was a full three to four days later!

As the player's level increased, the demand for potions and the quality of potions also increased.

The potions sold by the System Shop were just like that. You can buy them if you want!

The potions made by the players themselves were not up to standard yet. The cost-effectiveness ratio was even lower than the ones sold in the System Shop!

At this moment.

The high-quality potion bought from Dragon Island's Dragon City was naturally the only choice.

It was a little expensive, but in order to seize the initiative and level up and kill the boss, this investment was necessary!

But!

The difficulty was that he had money, but no one was selling goods!

What was this?

The organizer had turned off the engine first. What a scam!

"In half an hour, at the same place. Now, I can calculate the requirements and make a list for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng sent Ya Tu away and rubbed his temples that had already bulged out. After thinking for a while, he sent a message to the representatives of the major powers in his friends list.

Not long after, the communicator rang continuously.

"Are these guys crazy?"

Qin Luo Sheng listed out a dozen or so listings. Looking at the amount of potions required, the corners of his lips could not help but twitch.

"Tsk! Isn't 800,000 gold coins enough?"

After calculating for a while, Qin Sheng suddenly realized that the revenue lying in the backstage of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion was not even enough for this bunch of lunatics to buy potions!

"Brother Yatu, let's trade first. The price is still the same!"

As a last resort, Qin Sheng had no choice but to sell one of the companies first and collect the funds before getting the goods. That would be enough.

Just in time.

Previously, he had made an agreement with Yatu, and the discount he was given was far lower than the other factions.

Even though this was his business and he could do whatever he wanted, and it was up to him to decide how much he would give to anyone, this was how people were. It was better to keep a low profile.

After making a trip to Dragon City and purchasing the list of potions Yatu had given him, he returned to Star Glory City without stopping to complete the transaction with him.

After receiving the payment from Yatu, Qin Sheng ran to the Dragon City six times in a row before he managed to purchase the potions that the major forces needed.

Teahouse!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the representatives from the various factions who entered one after another. After instructing the NPC maidservants to pour tea for the big shots, he made a simple small talk and immediately got to the main topic.

"The goods you want are all here!"

Qin Luo took out his Rising Water Potion and said, "The deal is still the same as before. You can choose half cash and half gold coins!—Do as you wish!"