Chapter 467: News About The Snow Goddess (4)

Ding… you are wearing the Orchid God Needle. You have received the Flower God's Blessing. All attributes + 100%, Speed + 100%, Ice Resistance + 50%, Immunity to Freeze, Slow, and Slow effects. Lasts for 24 hours! '

What the heck?!

Qin Luo Sheng almost couldn't hold back a swear ~ and burst out!

Was this the backup plan prepared by the system?

Just this?

A blessing?

He was going to PK with a God just based on this increase in attributes?

MLGBD dog system, are you living in a dream?

Unless…

If there were any accidents on the Goddess of Snow's side, or rather, like the Lich of the Undead, a third party would intervene and help the players after reaching certain conditions, just like the little Taoist master, Zhang Daoming!

"F*ck you! Forget it, let's not think about it anymore. What's the point of thinking so much? It's just an S-rank mission, so what if I do it?! I don't f*cking believe that this mere Class Advancement mission is more difficult than that f*cking mission from the Moon Temple!"

Qin Qin Sheng did not want to think anymore and calmed himself down.

Do whatever you want!

This was it!

"Wow, what a powerful amplification effect!"

At this moment, the girl who had finally finished admiring the peony brooch in her hand also copied Qin Sheng and placed it on her chest. Instantly, her face froze. It was obvious that she had also heard the system prompt.

"What about you guys? Do you have any?"

Peony, who had never received such a terrifying upgrade, was instantly excited.

Damn it!

As expected of a blessing from a god, the effect was domineering.

Increases by 50% at the drop of a hat and 100% at the drop of a hat. This amount was truly terrifying!

Qin Sheng was used to it. How could ordinary players have such an experience?

"Looks like this is our trump card against the Boss!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "In the end, the one we are dealing with is a God, so it is certain that he is strong. Furthermore, with just an S class difficulty, it is impossible for him to display the true strength of a God. I think that it should be because the Snow Goddess was injured in the previous battle and has yet to recover."

"Alright, let's stop guessing here. What exactly is inside that ice palace that stands at the peak of the mountain? How strong is the Goddess of Ice? It's useless even if we think about it. Let's go and investigate!"

Blood Rose couldn't contain her joy as she looked at the bright red rose brooch on her chest. The more she looked at it, the more she liked it. When she heard what Sanguine Rose said, she replied: "Let's go, let's go, time is of the essence! Who knows how many checkpoints there are in a huge palace, we can't waste time!”

"Alright, let's set off then!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and bade farewell to the old granny: "Old granny, we will take our leave now. Don't worry, we will definitely defeat the Snow Goddess and restore our village to its original state!"

The granny did not say anything and only nodded her head heavily.

She dragged her weak body with heavy steps and personally sent Qin Sheng and the others to the door!

Then, he stood there and watched the five young figures slowly disappear into the snowstorm. They didn't return to the house for a long time.

…

"What is your increase?"

Having obtained the map of the entire Birdsong Peak from the wooden box, they were naturally not afraid of going the wrong way. The five of them identified a path and sped towards the peak.

"Is it different?"

Qin Sheng was stunned for a moment when he heard Peony's question. He replied subconsciously and then realized that it did seem to be different!

Maybe.

The pattern of the brooch represented the direction and category of enhancement!

"Mine has all attributes + 100%, Speed + 100%, Ice Resistance + 50%, Immunity to Freeze, Delay, and Slow effect, lasts for 24 hours!"

Qin Luo Sheng was the first to report his amplification effect!

"Eh, Big Brother Weeping Soul, is your increase in speed?"

Peony tilted her head and said cutely, "Mine is to enhance defense!"

"It seems that the different types of flowers represent different directions of enhancement!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "In other aspects, everyone should be the same. All attributes, resistance, immunity to DEBUFF, and 24 hours of continuous time. The orchid increases speed, the peony increases defense, and my tulip increases physical attack!"

"Lily, increase Health Points!" Tanya added.

Blood Rose added, "The roses amplify magic attacks!"

"Physical Attack, Magic Attack, Health Points, Defense, Speed!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "Unless you don't have any mana, the basic attributes are pretty evenly distributed!"

As he spoke.

Sanguine Rose looked at Qin Sheng, "You're the main force, what do you need?"

"What do you need?"

Qin Qin Sheng frowned.

This really stumped him!

Apart from Tulip, who represented magic attacks, he had no problem giving the rest to him. However, it would be difficult for him to choose one of them.

"Give me lilies!"

After pondering for a long time, Qin Sheng finally made up his mind.

There was no lack of attacks!

Not slow!

Defense didn't matter anymore!

After thinking about it, only his health points seemed to be the most suitable!

Because.

In terms of attack and speed, under the enhancement of skills, it was not inferior to any monster, even a Boss!

As for defense, as a warrior who focused on damage output, he could simply charge forward and complete the task!

Besides.

So what if his defense increased by 100%?

His foundation was too weak, and the increase was not much.

Thus…

He might as well ask for Health Points.

After all.

In a sense, Health Points could be considered Defense!

If your Health Points were increased, monsters would not be able to kill you easily. Wouldn't that increase your survival rate?

That was why he had increased his defense. Wasn't it so that he could withstand a few more attacks and survive in the hands of monsters?

Since raising Health Points can achieve the same effect, why should I have a weak defense?

That was what Qin Qin Sheng thought.

He was not afraid of anything else, but he was afraid that the Boss would kill him instantly.

Increasing the upper limit of 100% of Health Points, it could effectively prevent being instakilled.

"Alright then!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and instructed: "Since that's the case, everyone should make some adjustments. Weeping Soul Beast will take the Lily Brooch, Rose will take the Rose Brooch, Sunflower will take the Peony Brooch, Peony will take the Tulip Brooch and I will take the Orchid Brooch."

"This—"

Blood Rose said, "Little Rose, why don't you take the rose brooch? My damage output is inferior to yours, and my combat awareness is also inferior to yours. You can use the rose brooch to increase your magic damage by 100%. It's better than mine!"