Chapter 466: News About The Snow Goddess (3)

To entrust the future?

Qin Luo and the others were silent and solemn.

This was not the time to be laughing. An old man on the verge of death was pleading with them!

"As for who was right and who was wrong, we outsiders have no right to judge!

Qin Luo Sheng let out a shaky breath. He looked at the granny with a serious expression and said with a solemn tone, "However, even if you guys are guilty, you should have repaid your sins after suffering for a few decades. You're right. The adults' mistakes are not related to the future generations. There's no reason for the future generations to be punished as well. -- We will definitely do our best for this matter. Tear Snow Village, no, Bird Whisper Village will return to how it was before."

“Really?”

The old granny suddenly burst into tears. The back of her hand was full of frostbite and her palm was full of calluses as she grabbed Qin Luo Sheng tightly. "That's great, that's great!"

After a long time!

The old lady's emotions finally calmed down a little. She began to narrate everything she knew to Qin Luo Sheng and the others without holding back.

"Are you saying that there is a palace made of pure ice and snow at the peak of Tear Snow Peak?"

Sanguine Primrose was slightly taken aback. After all, the old granny's words sounded like a fairy tale.

Still.

In the blink of an eye, it made sense.

This was not the real world. It was not strange for anything strange to happen here.

If even gods came out, what else was impossible?

Little Snow was still a goddess of ice and snow. With her divine power and control over energy, it was extremely easy for her to change the weather. Furthermore, she had turned the entire Bird Plume Peak into a snowy mountain of tears. She had gone from a place that was suitable for her to live in to a world of ice and snow where all living things were silent. The change had lasted for several decades, and up until now, there hadn’t been the slightest change.

Hence!

Her strength was evident!

The power of a god was not something mortals could imagine!

Besides.

Using the ice and snow that he was best at controlling, it was just a small palace!

Except.

Qin Luo's heart was clouded.

This time, what they were about to face was a god, a true god, not a color that had obtained divine power!

“Don’t worry, the quest evaluation is only [S] class. It shouldn’t be too excessive!”

Qin Luo Sheng consoled himself. "Besides, this is a Class Advancement Mission. Even if it's an S-rank mission, there must be a gap between it and the hidden S-rank mission from the Moon Temple."

However!

This was useless!

The might of a god was simply unimaginable.

Thinking back,

An existence as powerful as the Undead Lich had used the Moonlight God Stone to instantly transform from the Epic stage to a half-step Legendary stage. He had even activated a new form. Even the Little Heavenly Master, Zhang Daoming, had nearly failed.

All that happened was a rock!

And this stone was merely a treasure of the Moon God!

A single glimpse is enough to know everything.

A treasure of a god was already so terrifying.

How desperate would it be to face a god?

"Let's go!"

While Qin Luo was still immersed in his own world, Sanguine Primrose had already finished her conversation with the old lady and obtained all the information.

"Let's go to the ice palace at the peak of the mountain!"

Sanguine Primrose immediately got into action, not wanting to wait any longer.

He had no choice.

After all, this f*cked up mission had a time limit. It wouldn't give them a chance to relax. Even if they didn't have to fight for every second, they couldn't waste time.

"Wait!"

Qin Luo and the others had already arrived at the door. Just as they were about to push the door open and leave, the old granny's voice came from behind.

He looked back.

The old granny walked out from the inner room. In her hand was a simple wooden box that was carved with exquisite patterns.

“When Little Snow released his divine power in despair, he instantly turned Bird Whisper Peak into a world of ice and snow. As for the flower goddess who was guarding this place, because she lost her living environment, her divine power weakened greatly. She had no choice but to seal herself and fall into a deep slumber!”

The granny stroked the wooden box in her hand and opened it under the watchful eyes of Qin Sheng and the others. "Before the Flower Goddess fell into a deep sleep, she entrusted this wooden box to me. She said that there was hope of dealing with Little Snow inside, and told me to wait for the warriors to come and give it to them. I think you should be the warriors mentioned by the Flower Goddess, right?"

There was such a good thing?

Qin Luo Sheng almost cracked up!

Mortals slay dragons!

A mediocre man kills a god!

In the end, it only existed in legends and stories!

Perhaps there was still a chance to slay a dragon. After all, the dragon race was not an unreachable existence, especially some mixed-blood dragons. Strictly speaking, they were not dragons at all.

But Gods were different!

Gods controlled the energy of the Laws, and they possessed an even higher level of Divine Energy. If it wasn’t an accident, how could they have been killed by ordinary people?

Except.

When divine power restrained divine power, the situation would be different.

Perhaps the Flower Goddess was not as strong as the Snow Goddess.

Still.

It was undeniable that the flower goddess was also a god. At least in terms of level, she was also a god, not inferior to the snow goddess.

Initially, Qin Sheng was still worried about how to deal with the goddess of ice and snow who was a god. There should be more or less some accidents that would keep her in check and lower her strength and level. At the very least, they should be able to fight!

So.

The hole he’d dug, or rather the patch in the system, was with the granny.

With the help of the Flower Goddess, the quest returned to the normal [S] class difficulty.

"This is?"

Sanguine Primrose took the wooden box from the granny's hands and opened it on the spot. From within, she took out five items that looked like brooches. On top of the brooches, there was a pattern of peonies, lilies, roses, tulips and orchids.

As expected of the Flower Goddess!

The props were all flowers!

Five people!

Five flower-shaped brooches!

There was nothing else to say. He was definitely alone.

Thinking back, the mission mode restricted a team of five people.

The system's intentions were naturally revealed.

How were the five different brooches distributed?

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not have any thoughts.

Whatever!

The Peony Girl had such a name, so she naturally chose Peony!

There was nothing to say about the blood-soaked roses. They chose roses!

Elegant plain mint. There were no lotus flowers here, so he chose tulips!

As for Sanguine Primrose, who would have thought that she would choose lilies!

This…

The lilies were indeed beautiful, but—

Lily!

Hmm…

Qin Qin Sheng seemed to have thought of a certain sport called—Tofu!

Yada!

There was an image!

Annoying!

The four chicks had all finished choosing. Qin Luo's only choice was the orchid that had yet to bloom.

Coincidentally.

Among the five flowers, Qin Luo really liked orchids the most.

In the eyes of the Chinese, orchids represented purity, elegance, beauty, virtue, and indifference!

This was exactly what it meant to be a gentleman!

He put on the orchid brooch.

Ding…

Instantly.

A prompt suddenly came from the system, causing Qin Sheng to be dumbstruck!