Chapter 468: News About The Snow Goddess (5)

"No, my arrangement is the most reasonable!"

Sanguine Primrose shook her head and replied: "I am a water-type Magician, so I am the least threatening to the Snow Goddess. It doesn't matter what I use, as long as I have the best support, the Orchid Brooch increases my speed, it suits me perfectly. As for Su He, she is a Shield Warrior, so it is not a problem for her to use the Peony Brooch to increase her defense. Peony is an Archer, so using the tulip brooch to increase her physical damage is also very suitable.”

"Alright!"

Upon hearing this, the Blood Rose fell silent.

She knew very well.

Sanguine Primrose was the best choice!

Of course!

All of this was built on the premise that the bastard Weeping Soul had chosen the Lily Brooch!

…

Two hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng and the others braved the biting cold wind and the heavy snow. Finally, they arrived at the peak of the mountain and stood before the ice palace that the old lady had mentioned.

"This… is really a miracle!"

Of the four girls, other than Sanguine Primrose, who was slightly calmer, the other three had stars in their eyes.

Nothing else!

It was too shocking!

The palaces were all made of ice crystals. They emitted a strange light. They were crystal clear and beautiful. It was just like a fairytale, making people feel like they were in a dream.

"Stop sighing, just take a few photos!"

Qin Sheng, who had activated the photography system and taken a few photos at an extremely fast speed, shouted at the girls who were immersed in the Dream Crystal Palace, "Time is of the essence. We've already used more than two hours to travel. We only have 20 hours left now. Everyone, hurry up!"

"Yes!"

Sanguine Primrose displayed the authority of a guild leader as she forcefully punished her three subordinates, "Weeping Soul Beast is right, all of you, calm down. Once the quest is completed, no one will care how long you want to play for. Now, move!”

Blood Rose & Graceful Peony: ╭ (╯ ^ ╰) ╭

"Right, let's see if there are any changes to the mission?"

Just as he was about to step into the crystal palace, Qin Sheng suddenly thought of something and asked Sanguine Primrose.

"Yes!"

Sanguine Primrose did not waste any time and shared the quest page.

[Mission Title: Snow Goddess's Tears

Mission Introduction

[Mission Details] Stage One—Head to Tear Snow Village (Completed); Stage Two—Find the Witch Jade Slave (Completed); Stage Three—Find the Ice Shrine (Completed); Stage Four—Defeat the Snow Goddess (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] S

[Mission Time]: 19 hours 57 minutes 33 seconds

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???

"Two changes in a row!"

Qin Luo looked at it in surprise.

She still remembered.

It was only the second stage previously, right?

Now, he had jumped to the fourth stage!

“Let’s go. It looks like we won’t be able to escape this battle!”

Glancing at the contents of the fourth mission, Qin Sheng took the lead and walked at the front.

"Be careful!"

The Ice Snow Temple stood at the peak of the mountain. To reach the ice crystal gate, one had to pass through a bridge, a bridge made of ice crystals that looked like transparent glass.

"Roar…"

Just as Qin Luo and the others stepped onto the bridge and quickly passed through, suddenly, at the other end of the bridge, the ordinary snow and ice started moving, forming a snow giant over ten meters tall.

"Gosh, is it that exciting?"

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green.

They hadn't even entered the door, and they were already setting up traps outside?

Probing skill!

[Snow Giant (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 30

Health: 800,000

Mana: 150,000

Physical Attack: 6,500

Magic Attack: 3000

Physical Defense: 4000

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 1000

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary piece of ice and snow. However, due to the fall of the Goddess of Ice's divine power, it awakened its intelligence and willingly became the guardian of the Ice Goddess Hall.

A BOSS?

It wasn't just Sanguine Rose and the other girls who felt their hearts sink. Even Qin Sheng's expression was ugly.

Mission time limit: 24 hours!

However, it was an S-rank mission just like the Moon God Temple!

This also meant that under the same difficulty, there was a time limit for the mission. The pace of the battle and the progress of the battle would be greatly increased.

Under such circumstances, it was absolutely impossible to be as carefree as when completing the mission of the Moon God Temple.

On the contrary.

As time passed, he had to make the most of it. He did not dare to waste a single second. After all, no one knew how many checkpoints there were and how much time it would take.

"Intruder, go back!"

The snow giant roared, "If you dare to take another step forward and disturb my god's peace, I will turn you into ice sculptures forever. You will never be free in this world of ice and snow!"

"Wow, what arrogance!"

Qin Qin Sheng almost laughed out of anger!

Even a half-step Legendary Lich like the Undead Lich had died under his sword. Now, a mere Level 30 Silver Enhanced Boss actually dared to speak so arrogantly in front of him. He really didn't know what eyes the Horse King had!

"I want to see how you will turn me into an eternal ice sculpture!"

Qin Luo's threat from the snow giant was pure bullsh * t. What did he mean by retreating? He was here to find trouble. Retreat my ass.

"Courting death!"

Upon seeing Qin Sheng's provocative action, the snow giant threw a punch at him without hesitation.

"I'm very experienced in dealing with big idiots like you!"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly. With a leap, he easily deflected the giant's fist. His body turned into a stream of light and disappeared from the spot.

"Instant Slash!"

In the blink of an eye, Qin Sheng locked onto the snow giant and appeared before him using the Instant Slash skill.

"You…"

The sudden appearance of Qin Sheng's [Dragonfire] had surprised the snow giant. Before he could say anything, Qin Sheng's sword had already swept past his neck.

-39770!

Critical Hit Damage!

Instant Slash increased damage by 200%!

However, the Snow Giant only lost less than 40,000 health points!

This guy.

It was a little hard!

Without the enhancement skill, it was indeed very difficult to fight against the Boss in his original state!

It was not that he could not do so, but if he did so, he would have to be like other normal players. He would have to be careful and rely on teamwork to exhaust a large amount of energy and large amounts of potions to forcefully grind away the Boss' health bar.

Qin Sheng, who had already been used to killing the Boss within a minute or even thirty seconds, would not give up on using "external modifications" to learn from ordinary players. It was strenuous but not worth it?

It was just a Level 30 Silver Enhanced Boss!

He just needed to activate two skills and he would be done!