Chapter 469: Snow Giant With Overlord Body

"Dragon Might!"

-200000!

The might of a True Dragon instantly arrived!

The snow giant that was about to ram Qin Sheng came to a sudden halt as if it had been struck by a Fixed Body Spell. Not only was its body stiff, but its eyes were also filled with fear.

Oh!

It even triggered the hidden shock effect of Dragon Might. What a good start, Lucky!

"Shadow Assault!"

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Qin Sheng hurriedly teleported behind the snow giant.

"Shadow Stab!"

The sharp tip of the [Coiling Dragon Water] pierced into the back of the snow giant's neck.

Yet.

The dizzy effect that he had imagined did not appear.

"D * mn system, what's going on? Isn't Shadow Spike able to stun the enemy for a second as long as it hits the enemy's back and weakness?"

Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly asked the mainframe.

"Some monsters are immune to certain control effects due to their size and race. Some low-level control effects are ineffective against powerful or high-level monsters!"

Qin Sheng:…

Wasn't this the Overlord Body?

Tsk!

A mere Silver Boss actually had an Overlord Body?

The Mountain Giant on Cliff Ridge has an Overlord Body, I f*cking acknowledge it!

I'll f*cking accept that the dragon race has an Overlord Body with the talent of their race and a huge body!

But what was a snow giant?

It was just a pile of snow!

It was just that it was affected by the energy that the Goddess of Snow had missed out and developed intelligence. When combined, it actually had such an ability?

Shadow Stab was the skill of the Shadow Warrior. It was not a low-level control skill, but it was useless. Are you angry?

Qin Luo returned true qi!

Because he subconsciously thought that Shadow Stab would trigger dizziness, he had already entered the commonly used combination skill "Shadow Stab + Berserk Strike" and was currently accumulating strength.

Bang…

Qin Sheng hurriedly cut off the charging force when he saw the rapidly-reacting snow giant throwing a punch at him. His violent strength erupted. How could his "frail" less than two meters tall body withstand the gravity of the snow giant that was more than ten meters tall? He was sent flying on the spot like a bird with broken wings!

Fortunately.

The Snow Giant was strong, but it was still a Silver-tier Boss after all. Its attributes were there. Even with the increase in damage, it only managed to take away more than 10,000 health points from Qin Luo. It did not hurt or itch.

Except.

When Sanguine Primrose and the other girls saw this, they couldn't help but rush over to help.

Qin Qin Sheng's face darkened on the spot!

Big Sis!

Aren't you looking at the situation?

Fighting on this glass-like ice bridge, you probably don't know how to write the word death, right?

With the Snow Giant’s size and power, it might collapse the bridge when it goes berserk. It’s a giant monster with destructive properties. It might not be able to do much else, but it’s just a fragile ice bridge. With the power of my fist, it shouldn’t be a problem to break it.

"Retreat, or find an opportunity to cross the bridge. Don't stay on the bridge!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's roar, the few girls from the Rose Society hurriedly stopped their charging bodies and looked at each other, at a loss.

"This is?"

Because she was wearing the Orchid Brooch, her speed was increased by 100%. As a result, Sanguine Primrose, who was running at the front, had the widest field of view. Her eyes narrowed as she looked ahead. She saw that the Snow Giant's first attack had been evaded by Qin Sheng's "Instant Slash", which had landed on the ice bridge. Under the imprint of that huge fist, there was a small fist pit with cracks all around.

Immediately!

Sanguine Primrose's face turned pale!

"Retreat!"

Without any hesitation, Sanguine Primrose turned around and left.

Even though the three of them did not know what was going on, based on their trust in Sanguine Primrose, they did not even ask and immediately followed her.

"This woman is really decisive!"

Upon seeing this scene, Qin Luo could not help but praise.

As expected of the leader of the Rose Society, he was indeed capable.

Not only did he have a clear mind, he was also very decisive in his actions.

With such execution ability, coupled with high intelligence and a huge amount of resources…

This kind of person was really scary!

"Little Qiangwei, what exactly happened?"

After running out of the Ice Bridge and seeing that Sanguine Primrose had stopped, Sanguine Rose couldn't help but ask: "Why are we running? This is just a Silver tier BOSS, we can still fight!"

Peony City and Elegant Elegance Lotus were also very puzzled!

If it was before, the four of them would not be able to participate in the battle. However, now that they had the blessing of the Flower Goddess, they had a 100% increase in all attributes and high resistance to ice. Even if they combined forces, they would not be able to defeat the Snow Giant. At the very least, with Weeping Soul Beast restraining them, they should not be under any pressure. Why did they have to escape?

"No, we are not qualified to participate!"

Sanguine Primrose shook her head and said with a solemn expression: "Just now, I saw the fist of the Snow Giant attacking Weeping Soul Beast, the fist that was left behind on the ice bridge. Guess what I saw? I saw a fist crater with cracks spreading all over it.”

"It's just a fist pit, what's the big deal? The snow giant is so big, it must be very powerful. It's very reasonable to create a hole!"

Blood Rose said subconsciously. However, she soon realized what was going on and asked in surprise, "Hole? Cracks? Why is that? Can a snow giant destroy a scene?"

"I just asked the mainframe and got the answer!"

Sanguine Primrose explained: "The larger a monster is, the more destructive it will be. I don't have to explain to you what damage is, right?"

"Isn't this too exaggerated?"

The Blood Rose was silent. The Peony of Fallen City jumped out and said fearfully, "If that's the case, how many punches would it take for the snow giant to destroy the ice bridge?"

"Sigh, I thought that with the blessing of the Flower Goddess, my strength would increase tremendously and I would be able to use my skills!"

Tanya smiled bitterly and shook her head. She said helplessly, "I didn't expect it to be so useless. If it's just data, with my current ability, I should be able to withstand the damage if I use my shield to block the fist. However, if the snow giant has damage attributes, it won't work. Both the shield and I can't take it!"

"Then, Big Brother Weeping Soul, are you alright?"

Hearing the words of the strongest Shield Specialist from the Primrose Militia, Peony couldn't help but look worriedly at the battlefield on the ice bridge and muttered, "Why don't we go and help?"