Chapter 460: To Tear Snow Village

Beep beep beep…

Just as Qin Luo's mind was filled with a certain fantasy, an urgent notification sound woke him from his beautiful dream.

"Tch, who's bothering me at this time?"

How scary would it be for a single loser to be pulled out of his fantasy world?

No one knew!

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng had yet to explode when he saw the ID on the caller ID. His anger instantly subsided and he cowered immediately!

He had no choice.

The caller was a real big shot. He couldn't afford to offend him!

"Weeping Soul, if I remember correctly, the time we agreed on yesterday should be nine in the morning, right?"

His tone was calm and his words were calm.

He didn't seem angry at all.

But it was precisely because of this that Qin Sheng felt immense pressure.

It was like the calm before a volcanic eruption. This was the most terrifying.

"I was wrong!"

Qin Luo Sheng admitted his mistake without any hesitation and apologized sincerely.

"I won't tell you the reason. If you're late, you're late. Whatever you say is just an excuse!"

Without waiting for Sanguine Rose to speak, Qin Sheng apologized, "I'm sorry!"

"Never again!"

Sanguine Primrose fell silent. Qin Sheng could clearly hear her breathing a few times. It was only after a long while that unique cold voice rang out, "Come to the assembly point, we will set off immediately!"

"Alright!"

Knowing that he had dodged a calamity, Qin Sheng heaved a heavy sigh of relief and hurriedly agreed. He spread his legs and headed towards the rendezvous point that he had originally agreed on.

The quest this time was also [S] class!

Having learned from the previous experience of the Moon God Temple, Qin Sheng did not know how long it would take. Therefore, the supplies had been settled yesterday.

His equipment had been repaired, food and water had been loaded, and he always had potions in his backpack. After all, he was currently the biggest potion seller in the Fated World. He had no lack of all kinds of potions in his backpack, and he would not lack anything!

"Summon the Ferghana horse!"

The mount system had been released long ago, and the mount rankings had also appeared. However, apart from a few rookies, there wasn't even a single rank six mount on the list.

He had no choice.

It seemed that mounts were even rarer than pets.

Qin Luo Sheng had been staying in the Moon God Temple for the past few days and naturally did not have the time to get a mount. Therefore, the transportation tool had always been the Ferghana horse bought from the system's horse merchant.

"Pets have a killer weapon like Xiaoxiao. Their taste has already been spoiled. Even if they can bring another one, they are trash. It's better not to have them."

Qin Luo Sheng rode his Ferghana horse towards the gathering point. Along the way, he saw many players riding their personal mounts. He did not know how efficient they were, but they were very impressive. The rate of turning back was quite high. He could not help but think to himself, "However, I must get a good mount. Other aspects don't matter, but I must be fast enough."

"Right now, it's only within the range of the main city. Once the level increases, there will be more maps to move around on, and the range will be even larger. Especially when you've reached Level 50 and have entered the Imperial City Era, the distance to run will be even more exaggerated. If you don't have a good mount to ride on, just the Ferghana horse alone will easily take more than ten hours to complete the mission. Who can withstand that?"

As he sped along, he thought.

Soon.

Qin Luo rushed to the eastern gate of Yue Yao City!

This was where Sanguine Primrose had agreed to meet.

The base camp of the Rose Society was in the Moon Glory City, not Star Glory City. The mission she received was also in the boundary of the Moon Glory City, which was about 5,000 kilometers away.

More than 5,000 kilometers!

In an era without planes and trains, this distance was simply hopeless.

It was not that he was afraid of not being able to get there, but he really could not afford to be injured while traveling!

Fortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng and the rest did not have to run so far personally.

Because.

Due to the mystical profession of the donkey friends, or perhaps it should be said that they were enthusiasts, because of their existence, they did not hesitate to travel thousands of miles just to see the beautiful scenery of the snow-covered land. They had already conquered the destination of Qin Luo and the others on this trip—Tear Snow Village!

With the sixth union in China, the Rose Society naturally had a lot of power.

Sanguine Primrose had already obtained the return scroll yesterday.

"Sorry, I'm late!"

Qin Sheng apologized once again with an apologetic look on his face as he looked at the blood-colored rose that stood alone like a snow lotus in the east gate of the Radiant Moon City.

"Since everyone is here, let's go!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and replied coldly, "Give it to him!"

"Hmph, you're lucky!"

The Blood Rose was indignant. She glared at Qin Sheng with her big eyes and looked at him "covetously" for a few seconds before applying for a transaction. She placed 1,000 crystal coins on the trading column. This was the remuneration she had agreed on previously. Well, half of it was considered a deposit!

"Thank you, Boss!"

Grinning from ear to ear, Qin Luo unreservedly clicked 'confirm'.

The transaction was successful.

1000 crystal coins, check!

"Why are there only five people this time?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked happily at the crystal coins that had entered his backpack. He then turned his attention back to the staff allocation and asked in astonishment.

"Only five-man teams can participate in this mission!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "If not for the fact that the difficulty of the quest has reached S class, even the five-man party wouldn't have been able to complete it. Only one person can participate."

Qin Luo Sheng was slightly taken aback.

Was the Class Advancement Mission so difficult?

This was a Second Stage Professional!

Tsk!

“You can ask me, this idiot, to help you. What if other ordinary players are ‘lucky’to receive an [S] class change quest? What then?

Class Advancement. [S] class difficulty was not a joke. It did not matter if the mission failed. The key was that the mission failed only after you died. It was all for nothing. Not only did you not get any benefits, you even got yourself into trouble.

Even if he did not change his occupation, he could not bear to give up on the mission. After all, it was an S-rank mission that he had always dreamed of. He could not accept it normally.

Furthermore!

The more difficult the Class Advancement mission was, the richer the rewards would be after completing it. The rewards here were not just existing rewards, but could also affect one's future growth. Who would be willing to give up?

"Hi, Big Brother Weeping Soul, we meet again!"

The lively Peony of Allure was the first to jump out. She looked at Qin Sheng smilingly, her face full of excitement at seeing her idol.

"Hello!"

The Shield Warrior, Tanya, who had the personality of an understanding big sister, also smiled and greeted.

"…"

The last one was also an old acquaintance. Qin Luo and Sheng had once formed a team of priests in the Moonlight Forest, sour oranges.

This girl was a little shy. She only lightly nodded her head and did not say anything. It could be considered a greeting.

She held the scepter tightly, showing that she was afraid of strangers.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any bad taste, so it was impossible for him to tease her based on her personality flaws. Thus, he merely nodded in response.

After Qin Sheng finished his greeting, he turned back to Sanguine Primrose and asked, "You are the initiator of the quest and also the leader. So, what is your plan?"