Chapter 465: News About The Snow Goddess (2)

Not just the Blood Rose!

Sanguine Rose's performance surprised Qin Sheng as well.

The remaining two girls—

It was normal for the gentle and virtuous wife, Suhe, to shed emotional tears.

However, the eyes of the icy goddess, Sanguine Primrose, had turned unbelievably red. For the first time, Qin Sheng could see the luster in her indifferent eyes. This was clearly the result of her tears!

???

Sanguine Primrose was crying?

The iceberg goddess was crying?

Was she crying because of a cliché?

I f*cking split open!

This was simply the 8th greatest miracle in the world!

Such a scene would probably be outdated in the future. If they missed it, they would definitely be punished by the heavens!

For the sake of his male compatriots, how could he not keep such benefits forever and appreciate them carefully?

Hence!

Qin Luo Sheng took the risk of being wanted and hunted down by the Rose Society and silently turned on the camera system. At the same time, he also turned on the camera system and captured the scene.

Hmm!

It was really nice!

As expected of the public lover, the national goddess.

His looks were truly invincible!

Coupled with her watery eyes and iceberg persona, the rare softness and sensibility that burst forth from the clash of two completely different charms was simply shocking!

At least Qin Sheng was shocked!

Her heart started racing!

Oh no!

This was the feeling of being moved.

‘ No.’

I can't betray Azuresilk!

She was my first goddess.

My first love!

"These women are really exaggerating!"

Thirty seconds passed!

Sanguine Primrose had stabilized!

A minute passed!

Sanguine Rose had stabilized!

Two minutes passed!

The Thin Elegance Lotus had stabilized!

Three minutes passed!

Five minutes passed!

Eight minutes passed!

Peony Girl was still sobbing!

Qin Sheng:…

Tsk!

Wasn't this too exaggerated?

Sigh!

She was still a little girl after all. This Peony girl was really too emotional!

That was true!

As a young girl, she naturally yearned for love at the age when she first experienced love. How could she bear such a 'tear-jerking' story!

Originally!

Qin Luo Sheng and the rest could allow Sister Peony to sob alone!

But!

She was the main force in coaxing the old lady!

Helpless.

He could only make plans after she was done and settled down!

"Granny."

After a full 11 minutes, the Peony girl finally calmed down. Afraid that the girl would fall into Qin Sheng's trap again, Qin Sheng hurriedly seized the opportunity and frantically winked at her, indicating that it was time to get down to business.

"Do you know about Witch Jade Slave?"

Seeing Qin Luo and the other three looking at her with 'burning' gazes, Peony blushed and felt rather embarrassed. In order to get rid of the awkwardness, she hurriedly changed the topic and asked the old granny.

"…"

The granny's turbid eyes flashed with an obscure glow. After a few seconds of silence, she said, "Witch Maiden Jade Slave, how did you know about her?”

"Old granny, we are here to solve the problem of Tear Snow Village!"

The topic changed to the main topic. At this moment, Sanguine Primrose, who was the team leader and the recipient of the quest, replaced Peony and spoke to the old lady. "Perhaps you don't know, but the Little Snow you're talking about should be the Snow Goddess. She is also the god that caused the phenomenon in the sky. Because she fought with another god, she was severely injured and fell to your village. She was saved by the water!"

“Snow Goddess?!!”

The old granny’s eyes were misty as she muttered, “So that’s how it is! No wonder Little Snow possesses such terrifying strength. With a wave of his hand, ice covered a thousand miles, turning the entire snowy peak from a paradise into a world of ice and snow that wreaks havoc. After so many years, it’s still as good as new!”

"Then why are you looking for Yu Nu?"

The granny asked again, “If it’s her, she shouldn’t have any power to help you deal with Little Snow!”

"No, actually, we don't know why either!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "We came here under orders, but we don't have any information at all. This village has been cut off from the outside world for far too long, even those who know the inside story of what happened a few decades ago have already left this world. Perhaps the only ones who know about that incident are the elders of this village!"

The old lady was silent.

"However, when we went to the villagers to gather information, not a single family was willing to open the door. We had no idea what to do."

Sanguine Primrose continued: "However, before we came to the Snow Tear Village, the Mercenary Guild that entrusted us with this task had informed us of this person, Witch Maiden Jade Slave. She definitely knows about the inside information back then, and might even know where the Snow Goddess is right now. Only by finding her will we be able to continue our quest.”

"Yeah, grandma!"

Peony tried to persuade him, "The name Tear Snow Village doesn't sound nice at all. How nice would it be to call it the original Crow's Whisper Village? You said before that the Crow's Whisper Village is an otherworldly paradise. It's full of flowers, with birds singing and fragrant flowers. Under the shade of the green trees, when the breeze blows past, the carpet-like plains would ripple like green waves. It would be so beautiful at that time! Don't you want your old hometown to return to its original state?"

The old lady wavered.

Every Chinese had a serious familial bond!

Even though the granny had lived in her hometown for her entire life and there was no such thing as returning to her roots, the once beautiful and peaceful village had now become a world of ice and snow. How could she not care? How could she not miss it?

Not necessarily!

"I am Yu Nu!"

The old granny exhaled heavily. Under the incredulous gazes of Qin Sheng and the others, she said slowly, "Our Birdsong Village worships my Flower Goddess. I am the current Witch, Jade Slave!"

Holy shit!

Qin Luo's scalp tingled!

Unexpectedly.

The mission that he had been looking for all this while was actually this old granny!

"Originally, I wasn't a witch. However, due to what happened to Brother Shuisheng and Little Snow, I was disheartened and decided to serve the Flower Goddess for the rest of my life. That was why I entered the temple and inherited the previous generation of witches!"

The old granny replied, “I understand what you’re saying. Back then, it was our Bird Whisper Village that let down Little Snow. Brother Shuisheng died tragically, and many people in our village died as well. We were trapped on Bird Whisper Peak for another few decades and struggled to survive in the ice and snow. The punishment we should pay should be enough.”

"I won't be able to live for long. The sins created by the previous generation and my generation should be borne by us. However, the next generation of descendants are innocent. They shouldn't suffer because of us. Furthermore, it will be passed down from generation to generation and there will be no release."

The old lady raised her head and looked at Qin Sheng and the others seriously. Her eyes were shimmering with tears. "Can I entrust the future of the village, the future of the children, to you?"