Chapter 464: News About The Snow Goddess (1)

This sigh?!

It seemed like!

This granny was also someone with a story!

Qin Qin Sheng stole a glance at the old man.

His thoughts turned.

Things had progressed to this point.

He thought of the old lady's sigh.

Qin Sheng had already made a guess based on his previous experience of being tortured by countless melodrama.

As expected.

The granny probably liked that Brother Shuisheng.

Yet.

That woman called Little Snow who had suddenly appeared was most likely the heavily injured Ice Goddess.

As for why the Goddess of Snow would degrade herself and mix with a group of mortals, even learning the work of mortals and learning the lives of mortals.

It was expected.

She must have lost her memory because of a melodramatic plot.

Then…

Immediately, there was a ridiculous storyline between a loser and a goddess.

Brother Shuisheng, the cowherd boy, had picked up the Snow Goddess, who had fainted and lost her memories due to the battle of the gods. He had saved her out of kindness.

While he was recuperating.

Without her memories, the snow goddess, who was as pure and blank as snow, was gradually attracted to Brother Shui Sheng, the only person she could come into contact with. They interacted with each other day and night and developed feelings for each other.

As for Brother Shuisheng, the cowherd boy was born and had been in this small village ever since he fell from Apixiao. He had probably never gone out in his entire life. He had seen the colorful world outside and could only come into contact with village girls.

Qin Luo Sheng did not look down on the village girl.

As the saying went, a land nurtures a person. It was like the Yu Capital, surrounded by mountains and rivers, surrounded by water. It was extremely inconvenient and backward.

However, it was precisely this kind of place that had raised the country's most civilized girls. They were extremely good-looking.

This Tear Snow Village, no, it should have been called Bird Whisper Village a few decades ago. Such an otherworldly place was definitely a place of great beauty. The women here were definitely full of spirituality.

Still.

No matter how powerful she was, how could she compare to a goddess? A true goddess!

It was normal for Brother Shuisheng, the cowherd boy, to be charmed by the charm of his goddess.

The male had feelings while the female had intentions.

Wasn't that just a spark?

But.

This old granny definitely liked Brother Shuisheng. There might even be a deeper relationship between them. For example, they were childhood sweethearts. They might even be betrothed to each other. They might even be engaged.

Since that was the case…

Then wouldn’t Snow Goddess be a mistress?

Her beloved, her husband-to-be, and even her husband, had been snatched away. Who could tolerate this?

The granny could not tolerate this!

Those unmarried young villagers who coveted Xiaoxue would definitely not tolerate it!

When the conflict was triggered, it was too late.

After all.

At the center of the whirlpool was not a harmless snow that looked like a piece of white paper, but a god that was fighting other gods. Just the aftermath of the battle and the dust from the battle nearly destroyed Bird Whisper Village.

And then...

Things were developing pretty much the same way.

Although Qin Luo could not guess which line it was, he was certain that it was a tragedy.

Otherwise…

This village, which was known as the Village of Birds and Flowers, would not have become like this.

And in the mission description, there was no such thing as "For some reason, in a single night, the Snow Goddess and that man, as well as the radius of a thousand miles around the village they were in, were completely frozen. The two of them had disappeared without a trace, only leaving behind a blue gemstone. It was said that it was the Snow Goddess's tears".

What had triggered the Snow Goddess to revive?

What caused the Goddess of Snow to fly into a rage and turn the village that had beautiful memories into such a state?

Even.

She even shed a tear!

The real Tears of the Goddess!

All the secrets were on CCTV. Ahem…

Indeed.

He continued to listen to the old lady. The storyline was more or less the same as what he had speculated.

The granny was Brother Shuisheng's childhood sweetheart. They were both young and innocent. Both families had already exchanged wedding gifts and were preparing to get married.

But.

Suddenly, the Goddess of Ice and Snow stepped in and stole the soul of the groom, Shangguan Er.

How could he fucking endure this?

The bride's family was unwilling!

The man's family did not want to be embarrassed!

In addition, there was a group of unmarried young men from the third party causing trouble!

This caused Shuisheng and Xiaoxue, who were originally in love, to be in extreme pain!

Eventually.

Shuisheng decided to leave Bird Whisper Village with Xiaoxue.

However, they had long been monitored by the men in the village who had a strong sense of possessiveness. They were caught on the day of their elopement.

To resolve this ill-fated relationship!

It was also to make Shuisheng and Xiaoxue give up!

Shuisheng was forced to wear the groom's attire and immediately married the old lady.

As for Xiao Xue, she was an outsider with no one to rely on. Her only source of support had been captured. She was like a piece of fat meat that countless men wanted to devour.

After a round of competition.

Finally.

One of the men won, gaining the right to marry Shay.

Just like that.

The man and woman, who were originally in love, were forcefully separated. At the same time, they were having their wedding with another woman and man.

Still.

The villagers of Bird Whisper Village had underestimated the unyielding spirit of the water and the unyielding spirit of Little Snow.

When Shuisheng finally made it out of the bridal chamber and arrived at Little Snow’s place, the bride that he had finally gotten his hands on was about to run away. The family of married women were completely enraged.

Seeing that his bride-to-be was so deeply in love with another man, he felt as if he had been cheated on in front of so many people. In his fury, Little Snow’s groom-to-be was prepared to slaughter this adulterous couple.

Next!

It was a melodramatic plot!

Shuisheng pushed Little Snow away and used his body to block the knife of the groom who was overwhelmed with anger. He died on the spot.

Seeing his beloved killed, Little Snow’s hidden divine power erupted and his memories were revived.

Behind.

Needless to say.

The family of the groom who had killed Shui Sheng had all died, especially the groom, who had been turned into an eternal ice sculpture. After that, he had shattered into countless tiny pieces of ice, leaving not even his bones.

Under her fury, the Snow Goddess completely sealed the beautiful village in ice. However, under the old granny’s pleading, her heart finally softened and she removed the ice. However, she used her divine power and turned the village into a world of ice and snow, covering it year-round and turning it into a land of death.

Finally.

Looking at Shui Sheng, who had already lost all signs of life, the Goddess of Snow shed a tear of sadness. She brought Shui Sheng's corpse and left.

"How pitiful!"

End of story.

Qin Luo's face was filled with black lines. The few girls were so moved that they were crying.

Qin Sheng could understand why the peony girl was acting like this. After all, she was a little girl and had no resistance towards romance and tragedy.

But the bloody rose, the royal sister, was actually crying and snotty too. It simply shocked Qin Sheng's eyeballs.

Holy shit!

This third-rate Korean drama plot.

One would be able to guess the cliché of the finale just by watching the first episode.

Your performance.

Wasn't that too exaggerated?