Chapter 462: Strange Tears And Snow Village

"The second phase has begun?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the mission interface. "The first phase should be completed immediately after reaching Tear Snow Village. After that, it will automatically enter the next phase. However, where is this Witch Jade Slave?"

"No hint!"

Sanguine Primrose replied: "There is a time limit to this quest. Even though logging off can automatically freeze the quest, it will only last for a full day. It is extremely tight, we cannot waste any time."

"Why don't we split up?"

Time was indeed a problem. Right now, it seemed like there was still plenty of time, but only God knew how many stages this damn mission would take and how difficult it would be later on. If they did not hurry and fail the mission, how would they be worthy of the 2,000 crystal coins reward from the boss?

"Sure!"

Without any hesitation, Sanguine Primrose decisively ordered, "Everyone split up and keep in contact. Be on your guard. If anything happens, report the coordinates immediately. The rest of you will hurry over.”

"Right!"

Seeing that everyone was about to disperse, Qin Luo Sheng hurriedly added, "When you see the system store, especially the tailor shop and the provision store, pay more attention and see if there are any winter clothes and maps of the surrounding areas. Also, you must get the returning scroll as soon as possible to prevent any accidents!"

The girls nodded.

East, South, West, North. There was also a center. There were five people. Each of them was responsible for a position.

Qin Luo Sheng was in charge of the north.

Tear Snow Village was a small village that was very dilapidated and backward.

After all, it existed in such a dangerous place. It was basically isolated from the world. It was understandable for it to have such an appearance.

In the village.

There didn't seem to be many families around.

Qin Luo Sheng knocked on several doors in a row. Even though he could hear the commotion inside, the owner of the house did not seem to have any intention of opening the door. In fact, Qin Luo Sheng could even hear soft footsteps and the sound of metal tools.

Through the wooden door!

The heavy breathing could not be concealed.

Obviously.

The villagers who lived in Snow Tear Village were extremely xenophobic. Not only did they not interact with outsiders, but they were also very vigilant and even hostile. Once outsiders tried to break in, what would be waiting for them would definitely be the villagers who hid behind the door and attacked without holding back!

"It's a little difficult to handle!"

Qin Qin Sheng had a headache.

If it was a family, it would only mean that he was acting alone.

But along the way, several families looked the same.

This was really too much!

"We can't fight, and we can't enter. If we can't communicate, why are we still playing with hammers?"

Qin Sheng knocked on all the houses in the northern area, but not a single house opened the door for him.

If he was a monster, he would have been executed long ago!

However, these were human NPCs. They were neutral and even belonged to their faction. If they killed them, they would be wanted by the Imperial Court.

This was not a good thing!

Besides.

They were here to complete the mission, not to slaughter the village. Next, they had to provide information from the villagers who lived in the Tear Snow Village.

If he were to resort to violence and incur the ire of the already xenophobic villagers, it would be over.

“It’s fine if the villagers don’t open the gates. Most importantly, we’ve searched through this entire region, but there isn’t a single shop.”

Qin Luo Sheng could not understand at all.

"Is this Tear Snow Village really so backward? It's really completely self-sufficient. Everyone eats and uses themselves. There's not even a basic grocery store?"

As he walked back, Qin Sheng switched on the chat channel of the five-person team he had just set up and prepared to ask about the others.

Before he could ask, Peony's excited voice was heard. "Come here, coordinates 11254.36882!"

Any progress?

Qin Sheng, who had been rejected indefinitely, was overjoyed. He hurriedly said, "Coming right away." Then, he switched off the chat channel and ran towards the coordinates quickly.

Soon!

Qin Luo had arrived!

He was the fastest. Not only was he the first to finish searching his area, he was also the first to reach the coordinates given by the Peony of Alluring City!

Here?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the tightly shut wooden house before him and could not quite grasp the situation!

Looking at the coordinates.

That's right!

It was indeed 11254.3682!

The Peony girl had given him this!

"Could it be that there are still people in the Tear Snow Village who are not xenophobic and accept Peony?"

As Qin Luo was guessing, he subconsciously walked up, his hand prepared to knock on it.

"Weeping Soul, is it here?"

At this moment, Sanguine Rose arrived as well. Looking at Qin Sheng who was standing outside the wooden door, she hurriedly asked, "Where's Peony?"

"I don't know. There wasn't anyone here when I came!"

Qin Qin Sheng replied, then pointed at the wooden house and said, "If there are no accidents, Sister Peony should be inside!—You should have understood that the villagers here are extremely xenophobic. They won't open the door for you and don't wish to communicate with you. If you try to force your way in, they will attack you without hesitation."

Sanguine Primrose fell silent!

Silence meant consent!

"Since Sister Peony said that there is progress, there must be villagers who are willing to open the door and communicate with us outsiders!"

Qin Luo Sheng spread out his hands and glanced behind him. It was the two girls, Blood Rose and Graceful Lotus, who had rushed over. "Of course, these are all my guesses. However, whether it is or not, you can either ask or just knock on the door and find out immediately."

Ten seconds later!

Blood Rose and Elegant Lotus had arrived!

The four of them gathered together!

"Let's go, the peony is inside!"

At this moment, the silent Sanguine Primrose finally opened her mouth to speak. She had thought that Sanguine Primrose was pretending to be deep in thought, but it turned out that she was actually trying to steal the Peony of Fallen City!

Knock knock!

The door opened and an old lady with a hunched back and a face full of wrinkles invited Qin Luo and the others in.

Mmm…

Comfortable!

So warm!

The moment they entered!

It was as if he had entered another world!

Qin Luo Sheng was still alright. After all, due to the existence of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, he had 30% water resistance. Although water resistance was not equal to ice resistance, they were still of the same origin. He was still slightly more useful than the girls.

Still.

It was not so tragic that it was frozen to the point that the system judged it to have suffered damage and its health points were directly deducted, but it did not represent that Qin Sheng could not feel the cold.

He was cold too.

He also liked the warm room with the stove.

"Outsider, you must be frozen, right? Come, come, come, sit down. Roast the fire. The water that was just boiled is about to start!"

The granny was very kind. She did not suspect that they were bad people at all. Not only did she welcome them into her stall, but she also kindly brought over a few bowls and prepared to bring them hot water from the water stove that was hanging above the bonfire.

They looked at each other!

Qin Luo Sheng exchanged glances with the girls and did not say anything. They obediently walked over to the bonfire and sat down.