Chapter 463: The Past Of Tear Snow Village

"Old granny, we are adventurers. We were entrusted by the Mercenary Guild to come to Tear Snow Village to investigate something. However, we knocked on the doors of many villagers, but none of them opened. Only you took us in. Thank you very much!"

The group sat down.

Sanguine Primrose glanced at the Peony.

The Peony understood what Sanguine Primrose meant.

Thus…

She smiled sweetly and asked the old lady obediently.

"Do these guys even want to play tricks on the elderly?"

Qin Qin Sheng was speechless as he watched from the side.

It was really against the rules to let Peony Girl go!

Who said that the four girls present were all goddesses with super good looks? None of them were the type that made people feel disgusted.

But.

Different personas had different effects on different people.

Sanguine Primrose and Blood Rose were both women who knew how to scheme.

However, Sanguine Primrose was too cold, which meant that she was an iceberg.

This character setting.

To men, their charm could bloom and they were very popular!

But.

For women, especially an old granny, there was no advantage at all.

On the contrary.

Peony, who had a sweet, youthful and lively look, was like a girl next door. She was like a young girl who had yet to grow up and was the most lethal to old ladies.

Because.

In the old man's eyes, Peony was like a granddaughter. She was the most beloved!

Maybe.

This was also the reason why Peony was taken in by the granny!

"No need, no need!"

The old granny chuckled and said, “It’s been a few decades since anyone came to the Tear Snow Village. It’s as if the entire village died a few decades ago. From then on, there’s no longer any laughter in this cold and merciless land of ice and snow. You little children have instead caused my cold and desolate home to become much livelier.”

Decades?

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed slightly.

The information that the granny had inadvertently revealed might be the key.

The contents of the mission clearly stated that the Goddess of Snow had lost all her energy due to the battle of the gods and was left behind in the mortal world. She was rescued by a man and the two of them spent every day together, developing feelings for each other.

location.

Needless to say, it was definitely this Tear Snow Village.

As for that man, even if he was not a villager of the Tear Snow Village, he was most definitely someone deeply related to the Tear Snow Village.

"Old granny, has this Tear Snow Village always been like this? It's a world of ice and snow and you can't even see the edge of it. How cold!"

Peony heaved a sigh of relief and let out a breath of pure white. She was so close to turning into icicles.

"Of course not!"

The old lady shook her head. There was a hint of nostalgia in her turbid eyes. "A few decades ago, this place was filled with blue skies and white clouds. The green trees provided shade, and the flowers were flourishing. The wild grass was everywhere, and the breeze blew past. It was like rolling waves, overlapping each other. It was really beautiful! At that time, the village was filled with cheers and laughter. Even though everyone lived very poor, everyone was very happy."

Here comes the clue!

Qin Sheng and the others looked at each other and saw the shock and surprise in each other's eyes!

“Then why?”

Peony continued asking.

He didn't finish his sentence, but he knew what she wanted to ask.

Why did it become like this?

"Sigh!"

The old granny sighed and lifted the water stove hanging from the bonfire. She poured a bowl of water for Qin Sheng and the others before hanging the water stove up again. She continued to burn it to ensure that the water was not cold before continuing, "Unfortunately, a woman suddenly came to the village decades ago. Then, everything changed!"

A woman?

It must be the Goddess of Ice who had lost her divine power!

“In the past, this place was not called the Tear Snow Village. The mountain was also not called the Tear Snow Peak. Instead, it was called the Flower Whisper Village. Our village is called the Flower Whisper Village, and is derived from the meaning of birdsong and flowers fragrance.”

The old lady continued in a nostalgic tone, "At that time, this place was truly a paradise. It was filled with flowers, flowers, birds, and fragrant flowers. Ever since the ancestors established the village here, there have been dozens of generations passed down. For hundreds of years, it has always been so quiet, peaceful, and peaceful. There was no chaos, no struggle. Everyone wore smiles every day."

"However, on a certain day decades ago, when the sky was clear and cloudless, for some reason, the weather suddenly changed. Half of the sky was filled with burning clouds, while the other half was filled with black clouds. It was very strange.

"Not long after, the burning clouds and the black clouds started colliding. Then, huge rocks fell from the sky. Some of them were dragging flames, while others were wrapped in frost.

"Most of these stones landed outside the mountain, but some landed in the village. They destroyed the houses, froze the stream, and burned the wheat fields. Many villagers died in this natural disaster.

That's right!

This should be the so-called divine battle in the mission description.

Burning the clouds?

A meteor dragging flames?

He was definitely a god of fire!

That was understandable.

Since ancient times, water and fire were incompatible.

It was normal for the fire element gods and the ice and snow goddess that represented the water element to start a divine battle.

Except.

When immortals fight, mortals suffer.

The two gods fought in the sky, resulting in the aftermath of the battle and the battle 'dust' that fell. To mortals, this was a huge disaster.

"After an unknown period of time, that strange phenomenon finally disappeared."

The old granny continued, "When we calmed down from our panic, we realized that our home was destroyed and our family had passed away. Our original paradise had become a wasteland."

"With grief in our hearts, we buried our loved ones and restored our home. It took us half a year to repair the village.

At this point, the granny's expression became extremely complicated.

"Granny, what's wrong?"

Sensing the change in the old man, Peony called out in concern.

"Daughter, it's nothing!"

The granny smiled kindly. "I'm getting old, so I'm a little nostalgic. I like to wallow in the past and let my imagination run wild.—I'll continue with the story!"

"At that time, Brother Shuisheng brought a woman back to the village!"

"That woman is extremely beautiful, just like a fairy. I've never seen such a woman before. Brother Shuisheng said that her name is Little Snow. He met her when he was playing with the cows. At that time, she seemed to have been attacked by a ferocious beast and was seriously injured."

"The villagers are all very simple-minded. Seeing that the woman looked kind and had Brother Shuisheng as her guarantor, they accepted her and welcomed her into the village as one of their own."

"Xiaoxue is just like her name, pure as snow and pure as snow. She's like a newborn who doesn't know anything and is curious about everything. However, she's very smart and learns very quickly. Be it the female celebrities in her daughter's family or the farm work, she basically knows everything at a glance. She's not delicate and does everything."

"Everyone in the village likes Little Snow. Countless young and unmarried princes hope that Little Snow can become their wife."

The old lady suddenly sighed. "Brother Shuisheng is no exception!"