Chapter 461: The Second Stage Of The Mission Begins

"Plan?"

Sanguine Primrose subconsciously furrowed her brows for a moment before replying: "There's too little information right now, it's not enough to formulate a plan. We can only take it one step at a time!"

Qin Sheng:…

You sure are generous!

S-rank quest, not preparing anything, playing with snakes?

"Alright, let's not delay then. Since everything is ready, let's set off!"

Qin Sheng was the boss, so how could he go against his boss's wishes after paying him two thousand crystal coins?

"Let's confirm it first. Is everyone ready?"

Sanguine Primrose remained silent. The vice president of the Blood Rose Association had spoken. Although it seemed like he was speaking to everyone, in reality, he was only speaking to Qin Sheng alone.

After all!

Of the five people in the team, four of them were from the Rose Society. Only Qin Sheng was not.

Furthermore!

The four of them had been waiting for Qin Sheng just now. He must have been out of breath and not ready. Why would he only ask now?

"OK!"

Qin Luo Sheng was speechless for a long time. But no matter what, he was in the wrong. He was late by two hours and did not dare to argue. He could only say helplessly, "If there's no problem, let's start. Stop wasting time!"

"Oh, you still know how to waste time? I wonder who's the one who's late by two hours!"

Blood Rose retorted sarcastically.

Qin Sheng:…

Alright!

You are the boss, you are asking for a high price!

I fucking endured it!

"Rose, give him a return scroll from Tear Snow Village!"

Sanguine Primrose did not allow the Blood Rose and Qin Sheng to continue their conversation. She cut off her words and instructed them before walking towards the gate of Glory Moon City.

"Here, your return scroll!"

Although the blood-soaked rose was a little dissatisfied, it was only directed at Qin Sheng himself. Who told this man to actually dare to stand her up, the big missy of the big CEO, and he did so for two hours straight?

Two hours!

To not be punctual to this extent, let alone someone who had waited for her since she was young, even someone with a good temper would explode!

Just a few words of yygq was already giving him a lot of face!

"Yes!"

Even if it was his fault, Qin Sheng was still very unhappy to be dissed like this. It was just that he had accepted his boss's crystal coins as payment, so he couldn't just turn around and leave at this moment!

Furthermore!

With the previous example of the Moon God Temple, Qin Sheng was also very concerned about a rare S-rank mission.

After all.

The rewards were really generous!

"Let's go. The mission has been successfully triggered. The next trigger point is at the Tear Snow Village!"

Qin Luo Sheng took the return scroll and stood there silently. After waiting for about a minute with the three girls, Sanguine Primrose, who had gone to chat with the NPC general, slowly walked back and said, "Remember not to run around when you get to Tear Snow Village. It's a little strange there. Before you figure out the situation, you mustn't act alone!"

Qin Luo nodded, indicating that he understood.

There was no need to mention the other three girls from the Rose Society. They were already used to the commands of their own president and their execution was much higher than Qin Sheng's!

Under the watchful eyes of countless players, the five of them crushed their return scrolls at the city gate and disappeared.

…

Moonlight City!

East!

More than 5,000 kilometers away!

Tear Snow Peaks over six thousand meters above sea level!

The isolated Tear Snow Village welcomed five uninvited guests today.

"Tsk, the temperature is probably -20 ° C."

As soon as he descended, Qin Sheng could not help but shiver. Looking at the snow-white world wrapped in silver, other than white, there were even fine snowflakes floating in the sky. He let out a sigh and said, "It's almost noon. Although the temperature is not the highest in a day, it's not low either. The snowflakes falling at this time are enough to show how bad the weather is!"

Seeing that the girls did not reply, Qin Luo frowned slightly and continued, "To fight in such an environment, or even in a place even more difficult than this environment, is very unfavorable for us.—Do you guys have water resistance?"

Everyone shook their heads!

Qin Sheng:…

You guys are really awesome!

He didn't investigate anything clearly and didn't even know the most basic information yet he dared to act rashly and run into this icy world?

Tsk!

What kind of people were they?!

How was this worthy of being a member of the top ten elite teams in China?

How much do you look down on S-rank missions?

Even I, a f*cking idiot, had to at least express my respect. But look at you guys, other than a bag of potions and supplies, there's probably nothing else, right?

"In my opinion, the most important thing now is to find a batch of cold-resistant items. Otherwise, not to mention the mission, it would be good enough if we can persist in this godforsaken place!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the Blood Rose, which was the most repulsive to this environment (Fire Magic Envoy), with -10, -10 freezing damage already appearing above his head. He could not help but be speechless.

"You guys came here before. When you bought the return scroll at the provision store, did you buy a map?"

Qin Luo Sheng turned his gaze towards Sanguine Primrose.

In the entire team, she was probably the only one who was more reliable.

"No!"

Sanguine Primrose shook her head and said: "Maybe you've misunderstood. The return scroll that I gave you wasn't bought from other players like you did in the past. It was given to me by the system after I accepted the quest. There were only five of them and nothing more."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn!

So it wasn't bought from a friend!

That was true!

This place was more than five thousand kilometers away from Moon Glory City. With such a distance, even if he rode the fastest Ferghana horse, it would probably take him at least half a month.

How long had it been since the launch of Fate Dimension?

How long had it been since the players left the beginner village?

Take a step back.

Even if the timing was right!

But what kind of place was Tear Snow Village?

Not to mention that the journey here was fraught with dangers, they had to pass through the territories of countless monsters. Even if they were lucky or had outstanding strength, they could safely pass through.

However!

6,000 meters above sea level, is this a joke?

In such a terrifying environment, there might even be monsters watching from the mountain walls and in the sky. It would be a dream to climb up!

"There's no other way!"

Qin Luo Sheng had never expected that the first problem of the S-rank mission would come so quickly. After pondering for a moment, he asked Sanguine Primrose, "Did the mission indicate anything else?"

"Yes!"

Sanguine Primrose quickly replied as she shared the quest.

[Mission Title: Snow Goddess's Tears

[Mission Introduction] Legend had it that the Snow Goddess had exhausted her energy during the battle of the gods and had fallen into the mortal world. She had been rescued by a man. The two of them had grown up together and had developed feelings for each other. However, for some unknown reason, in a single night, the Snow Goddess and that man, as well as the radius of a thousand miles around the village they were in, had been frozen. The two of them had disappeared without a trace, leaving only a blue gemstone. It was said that it was the Snow Goddess's tears.

[Mission Details] Stage One—Head to Tear Snow Village (Completed); Stage Two—Find Witch Slave (Completed)

[Mission Difficulty] S

[Mission Time] 22 hours 52 minutes 22 seconds

[Mission Reward]???

[Punishment for Failure]???