Chapter 476: The Hidden Blood Rose

"No, not activating!"

He quickly denied it.

Then.

She raised her head and looked at the back view of the man who had already flown to the other side. A hint of anger appeared in her elegant eyes, but it was also mixed with a hint of complexity.

She wasn't even sure if she was angry or happy!

Maybe.

After a short ten days of interacting with the Moon God Temple, this powerful and mysterious man had unknowingly left a deep impression in the heart of her, who had lived for more than twenty years and was still an emotional idiot even now!

That was not like.

Not to mention love!

Except.

Women were attracted to powerful men by an indescribable sense of wonder. When they were curious, it was the beginning of their fall!

"Tsk, it actually took 15 seconds!"

Returning to the other end, Qin Sheng glanced at the Bloody Rose and the Blood Rose without saying anything, letting them decide on their own. Meanwhile, he was reminiscing about the peak of enjoyment he had just experienced. He secretly praised, "As expected, my taste is more normal. I still prefer the elegant, elegant, gentle, and virtuous girl. She's so upright!"

"Rose, you first!"

Sanguine Primrose was not ranked third, but rather Blood Rose!

"Little Qiangwei, I…"

The Blood Rose glanced at Qin Luo Sheng and instinctively wanted to reject him. However, when she saw the look in Sanguine Rose's eyes, she could not help but pout like a little girl who had been wronged and was unwilling to listen.

"Hurry up, don't waste time!"

Although there was still half a minute left, Qin Sheng did not want to waste it on this young lady. Seeing her unwilling look, he almost could not hold back his anger and left her here.

Ha ~

You make it seem like someone wants to hug you!

How disgusting!

It made my good mood from hugging the lilacs dissipate.

"Hmph!"

Her harsh words almost caused the Blood Rose to explode. She clenched her teeth and subconsciously wanted to retort. However, before she could open her mouth, a cold gaze shot towards her from the side, causing her body to tremble. She turned her head to look at Sanguine Rose who was silently looking at her.

"…"

Blood Rose had compromised. As a big man, Qin Sheng naturally wouldn't be so petty as to continue mocking and ridiculing him. He had to give the boss of Blood Rose some face. After all, he had received a huge sum of money from her!

Reaching out!

She hugged the blood-soaked rose's waist.

Qin Luo and Blood Rose could not help but tremble when their hands touched it.

Holy shit!

This feeling!

It was simply amazing!

Indeed!

She was indeed the most voluptuous woman in the group of girls.

This waist!

Top quality!

It was definitely the best!

Full and slender!

It was as smooth as silk, yet firm and elastic!

Never in his wildest dreams had Qin Qin Sheng imagined that not only was the figure of the grumpy older sister explosive to the eyes, it was also not the slightest bit lacking in contact.

What a pity!

No matter how good his figure was, it was not Qin Luo's dish!

Maybe.

There were a lot of people who really liked this type of food. Radish and cabbages had their own preferences. However, if Qin Sheng really couldn't appreciate it, then forget it and stay away!

After all!

Qin Qin Sheng wanted to find a girlfriend, or even a wife. What he needed was a compatible personality, a soul mate, and not a physical pleasure.

‘ Of course.’

If the blood-soaked rose didn't mind, just based on her appearance and figure, Qin Sheng wouldn't mind having a super friendship with her!

He was slightly touched!

He also felt it slightly!

He secretly enjoyed it!

Seven seconds later!

Qin Luo Sheng flew over the abyss and let go of the blood-soaked rose without any reluctance. He had let go completely and did not play any tricks!

This made the Blood Rose feel incredulous!

She knew very well how attractive and tempting her figure was!

Even though her guild leader, Sanguine Primrose, was her greatest rival, she still felt inferior to her in every other aspect. But in this aspect, she felt that she was the only one with an advantage!

However…

That d * mn little man is actually so well-behaved and doesn't have any evil thoughts?

Right!

He really had no evil intentions!

Otherwise…

Why wasn't there any warning from the harassment system?

That was targeted at brainwaves. Even a Weeping Soul Beast could not hide it!

Thus…

There was only one explanation!

That bastard, Weeping Soul, really did not have any interest in her. He did not have any thoughts or evil thoughts!

This…

How was that possible?

For a moment.

The blood-soaked rose had shut down, falling into self-doubt!

"President Qiangwei, it's your turn!"

The last time he flew back, Qin Sheng glanced at the time. Hmm, there were still thirteen seconds left. This time, there was no need to fly back. If it was one-sided, it was definitely enough.

"Alright!"

Watching Qin Luo obediently hand over the Blood Rose without any pickpockets, Sanguine Primrose's insistence on staying until the last one was rather meaningful.

"Thank you!"

She walked over like a snow lotus placed on a heavenly mountain, independent from the world, holy and arrogant, making one feel no blasphemy.

It was precisely because of this temperament of hers that was so cold and otherworldly like her black hair, that she had become the nation's goddess, the nation's wife, and so on. As for her status as the president of the Rose Society, it was just an insignificant bonus!

"Excuse me!"

Since the boss was so polite, Qin Sheng naturally wouldn't be so impudent.

A nod.

He walked over and hugged Sanguine Primrose's waist.

In his hands!

It was soft!

It was smooth and tender!

Also…

It was cold!

This girl!

Her constitution seemed to be a little special!

His body temperature was abnormal!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Sanguine Rose in surprise, but when he saw her looking straight at him, his heart skipped a beat and he subconsciously avoided her gaze!

"Hold on tight!"

Qin Sheng did not get too excited as he hugged the goddess of at least a billion men's dreams. Even though the feeling that the Sanguine Rose gave him was not any less than the supreme enjoyment when he hugged the bloody rose.

But this woman was a big trouble!

He did not want to cause trouble!

It was better not to think too much!

Some things.

There was no benefit in getting involved. Even if he did not die, he would lose a layer of skin.

As a qualified loser, he had to have some qualities.

To put it nicely, you know how to let go. Don't think about things that you shouldn't.

To put it bluntly, he felt inferior and lacked self-confidence. He did not dare to think about it, nor did he dare to fight for the beauty that he thought was "unreachable"!

"This girl, she's hiding her strength!?"

When Qin Luo tightened his grip on Sanguine Primrose and prepared to fly into the skies, his body that was pressed against hers could not help but be touched by her. Feeling the majesty and firmness hidden beneath the mage robes, his heart was filled with shock.