Chapter 473: Rebellion? Qin Luo'S Irritation!

"Little Qiangwei, are you serious?"

Everyone here was smart enough to understand what Sanguine Primrose's plan was. Blood Rose couldn't believe her eyes as she looked at her guild leader, who looked even colder than before. Her eyes were filled with disbelief as she said, "Isn't this letting that pervert get away with it?”

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Hey!

A pervert?

‘ Are you talking about me?’

Are you kidding me?

A gentleman like me didn't even look at you properly. How did I become a pervert?

Besides.

This idea was proposed by your guild leader, what does it have to do with me?

"Actually, I can do it alone!"

Qin Luo replied with a frown.

To others, this was definitely a benefit. Happiness descended from the heavens, and their luck with women wasn’t shallow. But to him, this was simply a disaster.

Initially, he didn’t want to get too close to Sanguine Primrose. This woman was truly terrifying, as though she could see through him. The more he interacted with her, the more easily he would be exposed.

If she hadn't really offered too high a price this time and he really needed crystal coins too much and wanted the reward for an S-rank mission, this wouldn't have happened.

Sigh!

It was all because of greed!

How great would it be if Sanguine Primrose could agree to retreat right now? I'm going to give up my S class quest and return the crystal coins to you!

"To put it bluntly, an S-rank mission is not very useful to you!"

Qin Luo Sheng ignored the furious Blood Rose and continued with a calm expression, "Why don't I complete the mission by myself? Anyway, you're only on a Class Advancement mission. You only need to bring a certificate back to prove that you've completed the mission, right?"

“Good, so that’s what you wanted. You want to monopolize the S-rank mission?”

The blood-soaked rose instantly went berserk, glaring angrily at Qin Luo. Its silver teeth ground against each other, producing crisp creaking sounds. Qin Luo shuddered upon hearing this.

"I want to go!"

Sanguine Rose looked at Qin Sheng expressionlessly. Those indifferent, pitch-black pupils of hers seemed to have no ripples at all. However, Qin Luo Sheng could sense the seriousness and irrefutability contained within them. Instantly, he felt a sense of immense pressure.

"The mission situation is unclear now. I'm the one who accepted the mission, the core of the mission. What if I have to trigger something?"

Sanguine Primrose insisted: "An S Rank quest is related to the rewards after my class change, as well as my future direction and potential. I will not allow anything to go wrong!"

Blood Rose was silent!

Danya remained silent!

The Peony of Allure was silent!

They knew their president very well.

Even though she looked like an otherworldly person, she was actually very stubborn. Once she made up her mind, no one could change her mind.

Now.

They only had two choices.

Either they followed him!

Or he could just leave!

How should he choose?

"Damn it!"

The blood-soaked rose gritted its teeth even harder, its intimidating phoenix eyes glaring at Qin Sheng as if it wanted to tear him into pieces.

"I'm warning you. Don't be smug and don't have any evil thoughts. The mainframe's anti-piracy system is very powerful. Be careful!"

Qin Sheng:…

“You’re talking to yourself there. Do you really think you’re a treasure? Perhaps to others, you really are, but I, Weeping Soul Beast, am not one of your lackeys.”

Qin Luo could not help but reveal his anger. "You want it? You haven't even asked me if I'm willing! Don't make a fool of yourself. I'm not your father, so there's no need for me to spoil you. Carry that arrogant attitude of yours and get lost. Take advantage of you? I'm not so thirsty that I'm not picky!"

"Weeping Soul, you…"

Blood Rose's eyes instantly turned red.

"Why, do you want to cry? Weren't you pretty good at talking just now? Now you want to cry because you can't? Hmph, women are indeed women. Tears are your weapons! Unfortunately, you've expressed your feelings wrongly. I, Weeping Soul, am the straight man that you speak of. So what if you cry? What does it have to do with me? Even if you cry until you're blind, I'll only clap and cheer from the side!"

Qin Luo's venomous tongue, MAX, continued to fire. "Just stay here obediently. I don't want to serve you!"

"Weeping Soul!"

Blood Rose was so angry that she couldn't say anything. Both Graceful Lotus and Peony were stunned. It was Sanguine Primrose who stood up for her good friend and vice guild leader, "You're too much!"

"President Qiangwei, you might have made a mistake!"

Qin Qin Sheng let out a cold laugh as he turned his gun around to look at the Scarlet Rose. Narrowing his eyes, he said, "I was only hired by you. To put it nicely, I can be considered a mercenary who has taken someone's money to help them get rid of trouble. To put it bluntly, I'm just a hired thug. But coincidentally, I'm not your subordinate."

Sanguine Primrose frowned.

She did not expect the man in front of her to have such a strong character, or rather, he was hot-tempered, and he was even a straight man.

Bloody Rose was so beautiful and had such a good figure. She was just a little arrogant, but she managed to blow him up with a few words!

"You can request for the mission. If it's not too much, I won't decline."

Qin Luo Sheng squinted his eyes and his gaze gradually swept across the four women before him. Other than the simple Elegant Lotus and Peony of Allure that was slightly gentler, he was only disdainful and cold towards the Blood Rose and Blood Rose. "But if you make me unhappy, even if it's the Heavenly King, I won't f*cking give you any face. Perhaps, all of you have forgotten how my reputation of Weeping Souls came about!"

Where did Weeping Soul's reputation come from?

None of the four girls present were idiots. Such threatening words definitely meant something.

What made Weeping Souls famous in the world should have been appearing on the world television time again. The reason why Weeping Souls' name had completely resounded in the world was definitely because the mainframe had tested it in front of the entire world!

However!

This was not right!

This was just an increase in publicity!

The real Weeping Soul Beast entered everyone's vision. It was the battle outside the beginner village!

Cruel rejection.

A forbidden spell scroll contained tens of thousands of people.

An astonishing dark green barrier!

Vipers of all kinds filled the sky!

There were endless howls!

She was crying and begging for mercy!

A living hell!

It was said that the tens of thousands of players who had died tragically in the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array had yet to come out. Even the counseling of the psychologist and the hypnotist's hypnosis were useless.

It was that battle that established the name of the Weeping Soul Demon!

It was also because of that incident that he had gained so much glory for China. He, who could be considered a hero, now had a lot of haters.