Chapter 471: Lies

Magnificent explosion!

The starlight that filled the sky mixed with the snow giant's snowballs was so bright!

"Don't come over!"

In the same party, the moment the Snow Giant died, Sanguine Primrose and the other girls received the system notification. They also received the "Weak" EXP and Reputation Reward. Just as they were about to board the bridge and meet up with Qin Sheng, they were suddenly frightened by Qin Sheng's roar.

"F*ck, this GRD Snow Giant is really inhumane!"

As he listened to the "kacha kacha" sounds in his ears and watched the cracks spreading and deepening on the ice bridge beneath his feet, Qin Sheng almost exploded.

F*ck, wasn't this just disgusting?

Since they could not defeat the Boss, they could only watch from the side of the bridge!

After defeating the Boss, they could only watch from the side of the bridge. When the Boss died, the previous battle had already destroyed most of the ice bridge and it was about to collapse.

"D * mn system, you're really something. You're digging holes everywhere for me!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth. Relying on the amplification effect that had yet to end, his body shot out like an arrow from a bow, shuttling through the countless' corpses' of the snow giants to pick up the spoils of war.

With his luck, the items dropped by the first BOSS would not be bad. He could not let it go!

He didn’t care about the coins. He picked up six pieces of equipment: Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins.

Crack crack crack crack crack…

Just as Qin Luo was preparing to search, he heard a series of explosions that made him change his mind!

"Run!"

The ice bridge collapsed.

From the other end of the bridge, it shattered like glass.

Qin Luo Sheng turned around and ran without hesitation. His extreme speed made him seem like a cheetah that was sprinting at full speed. The speed at which the bridge broke was even slower than his running speed!

"The bridge is broken, what should we do!"

Qin Sheng landed safely on the ground and looked at the girls who were welcoming him. Before he could even smile, the girls ignored him and walked past him as though he was air. They lowered their heads and looked at the abyss with anxious expressions.

Qin Sheng:…

Sorry!

I shouldn't have been thinking too much!

You women are ruthless!

I fought so hard outside, and this is the treatment I get when I go home?

I took such a huge risk and risked my life to bring back the spoils of war. Not only did I not comfort him, I didn’t even look at him?

Great!

"Weeping Soul, what should we do now!?"

Bloody Rose looked anxious. "The bridge is broken. Are we unable to cross it? Won't that mean that Little Rose's Job-Changing Mission has failed?"

F*ck!

You remembered me now?

What should he do?

Salad!

If the bridge breaks, so be it. If you ask me, I'm not a f*cking bridge builder. What can I do?

"Don't panic, the bridge is just broken!"

Sanguine Primrose calmly replied, suppressing the panic in her subordinates.

"Little Qiangwei, do you have a way?"

Blood Rose glanced at the bottomless cliff and took a few steps back fearfully. She asked curiously, "Don't tell me you have other plans?"

"I didn't!"

Sanguine Primrose shook her head and turned her gaze towards Qin Sheng, "However, he does!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

I do?

No!

I didn't!

Don't look at me!

Fixing bridges and paving roads is not my forte!

I can't do it!

"You guys probably haven't forgotten that there's a tool called a talisman, right?"

Sanguine Primrose looked at the four dumbfounded faces and furrowed her brows. She speechlessly said: "You guys clearly just left the Moon God Temple not too long ago and just parted with Zhang Daoming. You guys even have the talisman that he sold!"

Qin Luo and the others came to a sudden realization!

She was also flustered and did not think of anything!

If the bridge was broken, so be it. Wouldn't it be over by flying over?

No big deal!

"Wait, you guys have flight talismans?"

Qin Luo Sheng suddenly thought of something and asked curiously.

If he remembered correctly, flying talismans that allowed players to fly seemed to only exist after Zhang Daoming opened the hidden list, right?

As for the items on the hidden list, other than him buying them, Sanguine Primrose and the rest did not buy them right?

Then!

Where did they get the ability to fly?

Could it be…

Qin Sheng, who had a bad premonition, raised his head and happened to meet four pairs of burning eyes. He was instantly stunned!

Tsk!

You bastards, don't even think of getting my flight talisman!

This was a freaking high-level talisman. Every time I used it, I would have one less. I was saving it to deal with emergencies in the future. I had encountered a trump card like the Undead Lich that could fly!

Thirty crystal coins for one card, and I only have ten. I can't give away four of them, absolutely not!

"Don't look at me, I don't have any flight talismans on me!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged helplessly and lied.

"Impossible!"

Blood Rose shouted on the spot, "Who are you kidding? Why don't you bring a flying talisman?"

"Weeping Soul!"

Sanguine Primrose seriously replied: "I know that the Flying Talisman is extremely valuable, but this quest is extremely important. I hope that you can part with it, I'll give you 50 crystal coins each!"

50 crystal coins?

Then wouldn't I earn 20 crystal coins each?

This transaction was worth it!

"I really didn't!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed and replied seriously.

Damn it!

He almost fell for it!

Even though they had Zhang Daoming's contact information and everyone present had a Summoning Talisman, so what?

Flight talismans were hidden talismans. Even if he contacted Zhang Daoming, it was unknown if he had the goods or if he could open the hidden list to sell to him.

Qin Luo Sheng did not want to waste it!

Of course!

He was not being petty!

This was only one of the reasons, and it was a secondary reason!

The reason why he had rejected Sanguine Rose without any hesitation was because the flight talisman in Qin Sheng's hands could not be revealed to the public!

Why?

Who asked him to have an ability called the Starlight Miracle?

An ability that could elevate everything to a higher level could be used on talismans with extremely powerful abilities. Who wouldn't do it?

Qin Qin had done it!

So—

He was at a loss!

Even though Sanguine Primrose and the others hadn't bought any flight talismans, they had seen Zhang Daoming's hidden list. Now that Qin Luo Sheng had taken out a powerful flight talisman, how could they explain it?

Once it was exposed.

If that was the case, then wouldn’t all the hard work he’d put in before and the information he’d hidden be self-destructing? He wouldn’t be such an idiot!

He could not let go!

He would not let go no matter what!

Even if he had to give up on this quest, even if he had to offend Sanguine Primrose and the Primrose Militia, he could not reveal the fact that he possessed the talent of a Supernova!

"When I went back to clean up my backpack, I had to make up for the items in Hidden Dragon Pavilion, so I took everything out. It was easier to empty my backpack, but later on, I forgot about it!

Qin Luo Sheng also knew that this lie was full of loopholes. However, he really did not have any good excuses at this moment. So what if it was full of loopholes? As long as he gritted his teeth and did not relent, what could he do to him?