Chapter 472: Welfare Time Up?

"Stop joking!"

Blood Rose was the first one who didn't believe it. She was also the first one to jump out. She looked at Qin Sheng and her beautiful eyes were filled with anger. "Don't be too smug. Little Rose has already raised 20 crystal coins. If it almost doubled, so be it. Don't push your luck. It's almost done!"

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

So in your eyes, I am such a despicable and shameless person who took advantage of others when they were in danger?

Tsk!

How accurate!

Hehe!

"It's normal that you don't believe it. Even I don't believe it myself!"

Qin Luo Sheng continued to flaunt his acting skills. With a speechless expression, he said, "But I'm really not lying to you guys. I've really forgotten that I've been busy with the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal's matter the entire day. I've been so busy the entire day that I was exhausted. I was even late for the agreed time today. In a rush, I fell behind!"

"So you really are the one who started Food Immortal!"

Seeing how sincere Qin Luo was, it didn't seem like he was lying at all. Blood Rose started to believe him as she looked towards Sanguine Rose with a troubled expression, "Little Rose, what should we do now?"

"Don't panic!"

Sanguine Primrose indifferently replied before looking at Qin Sheng. That indifferent gaze of hers seemed to have seen through him.

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng could not back down. If he did, he would be exposed, which meant that he had admitted defeat!

So.

Qin Luo Sheng looked straight into Sanguine Primrose's eyes!

Look!

How sincere was my gaze?

"Sigh, don't blame me. I was forced to do so. Who the f*ck knew that I would encounter such a situation? In order not to expose the Lord of the Stars and reveal that I can upgrade my equipment and props, I would rather die than hand over the Flight Talisman!"

Qin Luo Sheng felt guilty, but on the surface, he looked righteous and did not reveal any flaws.

Maybe.

The crafty Sanguine Primrose already knew that he was lying.

But so what?

As long as he refused to admit it, who could do anything to him?

"Seeing how calm you are, you must have a solution already, right?"

Sanguine Primrose stared at Qin Luo for a few seconds before realizing that Qin Luo's skin was so thick that it was practically invulnerable. He lied so much that he didn't even bat an eyelid, so there was nothing she could do.

“An idea?”

Qin Qin Sheng spread his hands and said, "If we can't fly over, won't it be over?"

“What kind of bullshit idea is that?”

The Blood Rose was furious. "Do you think we need you to tell us that we can fly?—Are you joking with us or are you trying to raise the price on the spot? Hmph, hurry up and take out the Flight Talisman. You were the one who said not to waste time. I think you're the one who's the most delayed!"

"Hey, hey, did you misunderstand something?"

Qin Luo said with a speechless expression, "I've already said that the flight talisman was placed at home and I didn't bring it out! Why do you still think I'm lying? Or do you want to extort more from me?"

"You don't have a flight talisman? Hehe! Then why are you flying?"

The blood-soaked rose had its arms crossed in front of its chest, its arms squeezing the grandeur of a D. It swelled to an astonishing height, making Qin Luo Sheng's mouth go dry.

This figure!

It was really first-rate!

Unfortunately.

However, his master was a hot-tempered sister. Even though she did not speak sweet words, her harsh tone and arrogant personality were really unbearable. At least, he, who liked to be gentle, cute, and virtuous, could not stand it.

"I say, do you have a pig's brain? With your memory, how can you be fit to be the Vice-President of the Rose Society? I advise you to stop. I don't know if it's virtue or not, but it's definitely not matching!"

Qin Sheng was a little angered by the blood-soaked rose's repeated rudeness.

When he was talking to the Undead Lich, this fella jumped out and forced him to accept her values and outlook on life. He ignored her because he was a good man and didn't want to fight with a woman. Now, he was f*cking excited again. Did she really think that he didn't have a temper?

"If you don't have cerebral palsy, you should remember where the main battlefield of me and the Lich is in the Moon Temple and the Moon God Hall, right?"

Before the Blood Rose could retort angrily, Qin Luo continued, "The Lich of the Undead flies the whole time. If you're not blind, you can probably see that I flew up to fight him one-on-one, right? Tell me, do I still need a flying talisman to fly?"

The Blood Rose instantly fell silent!

Probably!

She felt awkward too!

That's right!

Just two days ago, she actually asked such a stupid question. She really did not deserve the position of the Vice President of the Rose Society!

"If you can fly, what about us?"

Blood Rose was still unconvinced. As the daughter of a wealthy family and now in control of a superior company, as the CEO, she had never been so insulted before.

Except.

She thought about how powerful the man in front of her was and how he didn't seem to be one of those bootlickers who had fallen under her skirt. He didn't give her any good attitude at all and instantly became terrified. She didn't even dare to complain loudly and only dared to whisper!

"Then I have no choice!"

Qin Luo Sheng was in a rather bad mood. His interest in the S-rank mission had been worn away and he did not feel like doing it anymore. "Why don't we return home? We'll take this mission as a failure! It's only right that there are some accidents in the S-rank mission. There's nothing we can do if we're not fully prepared."

"That won't do. This is Little Rose's Job-Changing Mission!"

Blood Rose immediately shouted, "If you give up on the Class Advancement mission, you will be punished. You will have to wait at least three days before you can continue to receive it. In three days, there will definitely be others who complete the Class Advancement mission and receive the system reward."

“Additionally, I was lucky this time to receive an [S] class quest. The next time might not be the same. This is something that concerns my potential to change class. I cannot give up.”

Qin Luo Sheng ignored this crazy woman and turned to look at Sanguine Primrose.

As the initiator of the quest, as well as the boss who hired him, Sanguine Primrose's decision was the most effective. As for Sanguine Primrose, who cared about her? As long as she said something, she would definitely let her go!

"I don't want to give up on this mission!"

Sanguine Primrose understood what Qin Sheng was trying to say. Sensing his impatience, she furrowed her brows and said, "Since you don't have a flight talisman with you, there's only one way!"

"The only way?" Qin Luo's eyes narrowed in shock. "Could it be that you want to…"

“Weeping Soul Beast, the Moon God Temple’s performance is still vivid in our minds. I believe you wouldn’t bully us weak girls, right?”

"I'll leave the rest to you!" Sanguine Primrose coldly replied.

Qin Sheng:…

What was going on?

Why was he suddenly giving out benefits?

I'm freaking panicking!

What should he do?

Should he accept it?

If I accept it and others find out about it, will I be hacked to death by some pests?

You have to know.

If I were to do that, it would be equivalent to blaspheming their goddess!

Damn it!

It was really too difficult!