Chapter 474: City-Toppling Peony = Half A Pork Fan?

Regarding the incident in the Beginner's Village!

Qin Luo Sheng also had some regrets!

‘ Of course.’

He would do it again.

Because.

He had no choice.

Back then, so many people had been bewitched by Young Master Leiting and came to find trouble with him.

There were tens of thousands of them!

How could he possibly deal with it using normal means?

And him.

I can't retreat!

If he retreated, he would die without a burial ground.

After all.

The newbie village was not a big map after entering the main city. As long as you wanted to hide and wear a mask, be careful and no one would be able to recognize you.

The newbie village was only so big, it could not be hidden.

If he did not solve the problem in one go and intimidate everyone, trouble would keep coming. Eventually, he would fall into the vortex and could not even get up.

At that time.

The ones who fell into hell were not those greedy fellows, but himself!

What Qin Luo regretted was not that he had used the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Formation, but rather that he had not expected the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Formation to be so terrifying. The players trapped in it felt that the experience was too real, so much so that they were affected mentally by the countless snakes.

This was truly unexpected!

In fact!

It was precisely because of this that Qin Luo Sheng dared not reveal his true identity!

Compared to the stupid Young Master Leiting that he had offended, the tens of thousands of people who had been scammed in the Beginner's Village, there were still hundreds and thousands who had not walked out of the shadow of the snake formation. There were even some who were mentally ill or had committed suicide due to depression. They were the main force in seeking revenge. Once they knew that their family member was Qin Sheng who had caused such a terrible mess, they would transform into a demon at any moment and would not care about a one extreme exchange!

Qin Luo Sheng was naturally not afraid of revenge!

However!

In reality, he had no power or influence. Even if he possessed extraordinary power, he could only protect himself at present. He was unable to guarantee the safety of his loved ones. That was why he kept a low profile and endured until now.

"I…"

The blood-soaked rose was still unconvinced, but when her temper flared up, she even wanted to pair up with Qin Sheng.

"Alright, Rose, stop talking!"

However, Sanguine Rose was different. She, who had always been very clear-headed, could clearly sense that Qin Sheng was serious. If he were to continue, he would definitely part ways with the Weeping Soul Beast that he had painstakingly gotten close to, and perhaps even become enemies.

Making enemies with Weeping Soul Beast!

Mad Thunder had already used a painful example to tell everyone how terrifying this was!

The weekly purchase of potions did not matter if he abandoned the Thunder Guild. He could get someone to buy them in the Hidden Dragon Pavilion. It was just a little more money. The Thunder Guild had a big business and did not care about this little bit of money.

It did not matter if he missed the return scroll from the nine main cities.

Once the return scroll was opened, the spies from the Thunder Guild in their guild would naturally leak it out and be taken by Mad Thunder.

Still.

At that time, the other unions had also completed their arrangements. Thunder Union, who had lost the initiative, had already suffered a loss. Their losses were not small.

‘ Of course.’

Most importantly…

Weeping Soul was a petty and ruthless person!

The novice village had used a forbidden spell to kill tens of thousands of people, completely displaying his ruthlessness!

And—

Luo He hung himself to beat up the elites of the Thunder Guild and even trampled on Mad Thunder under his feet. This was enough to prove that he did things according to his own wishes and did not care about the consequences. He was a complete lunatic!

To be targeted by a lunatic, who was almost invincible and had great killing weapons like Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal, monopolizing the high-end potions that players needed the most…

Who would dare to provoke them?

Even the East Emperor and the Martial Emperor, who were both so prideful, did not come into contact easily. They were afraid that something would happen and they would become enemies.

Compared to East Imperial, Martial Emperor, East Imperial Pavilion, and the Residence of the Sky Tyrant Lord, the other guilds were nothing.

With the ride from Weeping Soul, not only did Yatu become the first player to walk out of the newbie village, but he also received a lot of care, causing the strength of Yatu Pavilion to increase greatly.

Elegance Room and Thunder Union!

Yatu and Young Master Thunderbolts!

This was a stark contrast!

Who else would dare to be rash?

"I promise it won't happen again!"

Sanguine Rose took a few steps closer to Qin Sheng. She was less than half a meter away from him, and her imposing figure almost touched his. Looking at Qin Sheng's outlook, she promised seriously, "I hope you can help us!"

"Little Qiangwei!"

Blood Rose had never seen the arrogant Sanguine Primrose lower her head to a man like this. She couldn't help but cry out, wanting to stop Sanguine Primrose from doing so. However, when she saw Sanguine Primrose's cold gaze, she couldn't help but shiver in fear. Her footsteps stopped and her mouth shut.

"I still have to give face to President Rose!"

Qin Luo Sheng took a glance at Suhe and the Peony of Overturning Cities. Especially when he kept calling out 'Big Brother Sobbing' like a little sister's peony, he let out a heavy breath and said, "However, let's get to the point. This is the first and last time. If the same thing happens again, don't blame me for not accompanying you!"

"Of course!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded.

"Since that's the case, let's stop here!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned the situation around with a single sentence. He then swept his gaze over the four, no, three girls and asked, "Then, who's first?"

"Me, me, me!" Peony immediately jumped out and raised her hand. She said excitedly, "Big Brother Weeping Soul, choose me, choose me. I haven't flown before, let me try first!"

Qin Sheng:…

"Alright!"

After glancing at the others and seeing that there was no objection, Qin Sheng took a few steps forward and stretched out his hand. "Come here!"

"Alright!"

Seeing Qin Luo open his arms and reveal his arms, Peony blushed. However, she obediently walked over and said with a smile, "Hehe, Big Brother Weeping Soul, you must hold on tight. Don't drop me!"

"Don't worry, your meat is not even half as heavy as pork. You won't lose it!"

Qin Steel, Luo Sheng, instantly activated the Poison Tongue Skill, which made Peony's face turn red with anger. She couldn't help but use Iron Palm on his shoulder.

He actually compared a young and invincible beauty to a pig?

Was there still any law?

Is there still a law?

Was he still human?

"Alright, stop moving!"

Qin Luo Sheng silently withstood Peony's "violent output" (???) and reached out to hug her waist.

The girl's soft touch made Qin Sheng's heart skip a beat.

At the same time.

Qin Luo Sheng also felt Sister Peony's body tremble.

He looked down.

Indeed.

Peony, who had been "arrogant" earlier, had now lowered her head, not daring to look at him. Her face was flushed red, and she looked extremely cute.