Chapter 479: Level Nine Ice Fairy (2)

"With the blessing of the Flower Goddess, his resistance will increase exponentially, and his ice-type damage will be reduced by at least half. What's there to be afraid of?"

Qin Luo Sheng made up his mind very quickly. "In addition to taking turns to use augmentation skills, we can replicate the dragon's might that swaggered in the Moon Temple's palace back then. It will definitely attract aggro and attract a large number of monsters. It's not impossible for us to slaughter them crazily!"

Hmm!

Just like that!

With the Ice Skin and Jade Bone skills, he could increase his defense and activate the Holy Flame to increase his attributes by 100%. He could also obtain the attack splitting effect. At that time, he could activate other skills and consume pills.

This was an all-out fight with the BOSS. A mere Ice Elf would probably be killed with one strike, right?

"Pay attention, don't get too far away from me. Next, I will use all my strength to pull the monsters. If the distance is too far, I will not be able to pull the aggro of the Ice Elves. Once there are too many of them, you might be surrounded and beaten up!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the four girls who were full of fighting spirit. He did not want to dampen their enthusiasm, but this was a mission with limited time and he could not afford to waste it.

God knew how far away they were and how many monsters were waiting. If they delayed and failed because of the time limit, they would regret it so much that their thighs would be broken.

"What are you doing?"

The girls widened their eyes.

No one was a fool. In addition, this fellow before them had prior knowledge. They immediately understood what Qin Sheng wanted to do.

When they thought of the dense scene of a single person attracting hundreds of monsters in the Moon God Temple's palace, the girls instantly shuddered.

Fortunately.

This time, it wasn't a zombie zombie or some weird-looking demon beast, but an extremely good-looking Ice Spirit.

"What do I want to do?"

Qin Sheng felt a strange sense of comfort in his heart as he looked at the few beautiful eyes that were wide open. Unknowingly, he revealed an evil smile. His voice was low and deep, like the murmur of a devil. "You'll find out next!"

"Dragon Might!"

He released his dragon's might and no longer suppressed the distance. The range of his vision and the radius of his might were all included in him. At first glance, he could radiate at least twenty to thirty meters.

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

In a flash of white light, Little Tiny, who was already one size bigger, appeared on Qin Luo's shoulders. He, who was originally like an apple, now had the weight of a watermelon, and Qin Luo's shoulders collapsed.

"It's going to be a battle royale soon. Use your magic. Don't sleep all day."

Qin Luo touched the sticky Little Tiny and glanced at Little Tiny's current status. Level 29, the EXP had already reached 58%. Very soon, it would be able to break through the Level 30 confinement and reach the Second Stage Profession, which was the maturity stage.

"Wu wu wu ~ ~ ~"

Upon hearing Qin Sheng's lecture, Xiaoxiao nudged his cheek in dissatisfaction and let out a cute voice, as if saying, "I'm not lazy!"

"You little rascal!"

Qin Luo Sheng glared at Xiaoxiao speechlessly. However, when he saw the dozens of little elves who were already enveloped by the dragon's might and were flying towards him at high speed, he did not have the time to waste words and immediately began to move.

“Violent Blood Art!”

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

"Jade Bone!"

"Sacred Flame!"

He used all seven augmentation skills in a row. Other than the Ice Skin which could save his life, he basically used everything else.

‘ Of course.’

The potions did not fall behind either. Whether it was to increase all attributes, attack, defense, or speed, they were all enhanced.

Since he wanted to play, he would play it better. He would play it bigger and achieve his goal!

"Slash!"

With the augmentation of the Sacred Flame and the effects of the Sword Qi Rampage, Qin Sheng's attack range could extend to seven meters on the spot. At this distance, even if the Ice Spirit was a magical monster, it could not reach it.

"Wu wu wu ~ ~ ~ ~”

Seeing that her master had begun to attack, Xiaoxiao was not to be outdone and began to attack.

The Ice Spirit belonged to the ice type, and was a branch of the water type.

Among the five elements, earth countered water, but the earth attribute was heavy and focused on defense. It also had offensive capabilities, but it did not have much lethality.

As for fire, although it was restrained by water, there was a saying that fire and water were incompatible. In this world, there was no true restraint. Water could indeed counter fire, but fire could also completely evaporate water.

The so-called restraint.

It was only built on the same level.

When one side was stronger than the other, even if their attributes were restrained, they could still turn the situation around.

Coincidentally.

A noob like the Ice Sprite was originally weak, and its attributes were weakened by 20% by the Dragon's Aura, so how could it be a Legendary-level opponent? Even if Xiaoxiao was still in her infancy, she was still a True Dragon with a terrifying elemental affinity. Against a small fry like them, using the most violent fire magic of the elements was the most suitable!

(PS: [Elemental Affinity] Passive: Affinity with all natural elements. When using a skill with elemental damage, the power of the skill will increase by 50%, the skill range will increase by 50%, and there will be elemental damage!)

Dragon fire filled the sky!

Fiery Dragon Flurry!

The terrifyingly high temperature did not produce any impoverished fire magic. It made people unable to distinguish whether it was the dragon fire or the fire dragon's elemental impact. It was dazzling.

For a moment.

The terrifying true dragon "cannon" had even suppressed Qin Luo's awe-inspiring might!

"What the f*ck, is this a mage? I'm done!"

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but swear.

Damn it!

It turned out that he had been feeling sorry for Xiaoxiao and wanted to summon him to fight every time. But looking at Xiaoxiao, who was like Nannan and lacked sleep all day, his heart softened.

Unexpectedly.

His combat ability was so explosive.

Especially when they were cleaning up the fishes, with [Elemental Affinity], their magic power would increase and their magic range would increase. It was extremely brutal.

"You little rascal, you're so fierce!"

Qin Luo Sheng lamented. At the same time, he did not delay and attacked with his dual swords. He waved his arms wildly as sword qi burst forth one after another, slashing at the Ice Spirit. Under the absolute critical strike, even if the Ice Spirit was not insta-killed, it would only have a sliver of health left. And beside them, because of the dragon's might, the densely packed little companions suffered a calamity. They were damaged by the splitting attack. Even if it was only 80%, their health points dropped by more than half.

“Are we in for another sabbatical?”

The four girls, who had wanted to join the battle and contribute a portion of their strength, froze on the spot when they saw the man and dragon sweeping through the crowd. It was as if they had been immobilized.

“This guy truly doesn’t leave any leeway. He completely disregards the feelings of others?”

The four girls all had bitter expressions on their faces.

They watched the scary man who kept running ahead, attacking while dragging a large number of monsters to move, and introducing new monsters into the fray. They all kept to themselves.

It's not that we don't work hard, but our teammates don't treat us as humans!!!