Chapter 477: Ice Spirit

"This figure doesn't seem to be any worse than the Blood Rose! No wonder the Supreme Martial Artist on my hand was touched. It felt really good!"

His mind was in a mess as he thought about Qin Luo. However, his body was still following his instincts as he carried the Scarlet Rose and flew towards the opposite side.

He flew at extreme speed!

They arrived in seconds!

After landing.

As though he had been electrocuted, Qin Luo Sheng instantly let go of Sanguine Primrose's waist, not daring to stop for even a second.

This woman!

There was a thorn!

It was also poisonous!

He could not touch her too much, let alone touch her deeply!

That was courting death!

"The atmosphere is a little awkward!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the four girls in front of him. One was extremely shy (Allure Peony), one had a faint smile (Dan Ya Suhe), one was gritting his teeth (Blood Rose), and one was expressionless (Blood Rose). Instantly, he felt a pain in his head. "Now, what's the ending number?"

Qin Luo Sheng had never imagined that such a ridiculous thing would happen.

This scammy quest had led them all the way here. It wasn’t easy for them to finally meet the witch, Jade Slave, who had already become an old granny. From her, they obtained the blessings of the Flower Goddess that she served. With her enhanced attributes, they fought their way here, but they were stopped by Ice Bridge.

There were guardians at one end of the ice bridge.

The Guardian hammered the ice bridge.

In order not to expose the miracle of starlight, he did not dare to take out the improved flying talisman.

For some reason, Sanguine Primrose decided to compromise.

Not only did she betray him, but she also betrayed her three sisters to him, the loser. She made him experience the ultimate pleasure of hugging four goddesses!

He could only say.

Everything was too surreal!

This caused Qin Sheng to feel a little dizzy. He felt like he was dreaming!

"Let's go!"

He really did not know how to break the stiff atmosphere. The only thing he could do was to show off his "cowardly turtle" ability. He turned around and left, leading the way.

"This bastard!"

When Qin Luo saw that Qin Sheng had ignored him and his three sisters, he was already very dissatisfied. The blood-soaked rose that had treated Qin Luo as an enemy had evolved from gritting its teeth into resentment. Staring at Qin Luo's back, he really wanted to run up and give him a good kick.

"Stop looking and follow!"

Sanguine Primrose helplessly glanced at her own Vice Guild Leader. This person was even older than her, but in reality, she was still a powerful figure in the business world.

Was this the so-called enemy?

What a speechless person!

"Everyone, be careful!"

The battle was coming.

Qin Luo also became solemn.

She threw out all her thoughts and desires.

Without the snow giant guarding the bridge, there was no obstruction, they could charge straight into the snow temple.

Qin Sheng carefully pushed open the door made of ice crystals and jumped in first. He held [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands and looked around nervously to guard against sneak attacks.

"There's no danger. Come in first!"

Fortunately, perhaps the Goddess of Snow had not expected that someone would dare to intrude into her shrine. It was probably because of her status that she had not gone mad and set up an ambush at the entrance of the shrine. This made Qin Sheng heave a sigh of relief.

“Ahh ~ ~ ~ ~ ~”

Girls were like dragons. They had no resistance to shiny things.

Coincidentally, the colors of the ice crystals would appear colorful under the light.

It was unknown what was shining inside the Ice Snow Divine Hall, but the originally pure white ice crystals became colorful and dazzling.

"How gorgeous!"

Peony clasped her hands together in front of her chest, her face full of longing and confusion.

Other than Sanguine Primrose, the other two girls looked the same.

Even Qin Sheng was stunned.

He quickly turned on the filming system. There was a series of 'kacha kacha' sounds. There was no need to deliberately showcase the skills, because any angle, any scene, was a perfect scene!

‘ What?’

So stupid that he only knew how to take photos?

What a joke!

Qin Luo Sheng had earned more than ten million yuan from the video and was not far from nine digits. How could he not know the importance of the video?

From the moment they entered Tear Snow Village, photography had already been arranged. There was no pause at all.

The video from the Temple of Moon was edited and sent in batches. It had already caused a sensation. However, other than a story from the Lich of the Undead, everything else was purely about fighting, fighting, and fighting.

This could only attract combat players. For girls and non-combat players, it was not that attractive!

Now.

This snowy white Tear Snow Village, this endless world of ice and snow, this magnificent Ice Snow Temple…

No one could resist it, right?

Recording the entire mission process was not only to record the mission, but also to memorize the scenery along the way. The traffic would definitely explode!

This was a large sum of money. Furthermore, it was just a casual recording and did not require much effort. It was done very easily and it would be a waste if he did not want it!

"This place is spacious enough. It's comparable to the Moon God Temple's huge palace!"

Qin Luo Sheng did a rough measurement of the area he was currently in and was instantly a little shocked. But on second thought, even if it was casually forged by the Snow Goddess, it was still a place where gods lived, so how could it be shabby?

"Follow closely and don't fall behind. Be careful of being ambushed!"

Qin Luo gripped his two swords tightly and instructed the four girls seriously before taking the lead.

Logically speaking.

He was walking at the front to lure the monsters. As a target, he should be far away, but he did not have a strong detection ability. It was very awkward.

No one knew what kind of monsters were in the Ice Shrine and what characteristics they had. What if the first target was not him?

Of the four girls behind him, apart from the Berserker, Tansu He, the other three were weak and could be killed instantly!

If they were too far away, it would be difficult to rescue them!

Thus…

He might as well follow closely. If anything happened, he could react immediately!

"Stop, there's a situation!"

Not long after, Qin Sheng, whose vision had been enhanced, saw a living creature moving and immediately stopped the team.

"Very good, as expected of a god. It seems like this is an upright king's path, not a bizarre one!"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when he glanced at the monster that had appeared before him in the light and was not launching a sneak attack.

He was not afraid!

He was afraid that the girls behind could not take it!

Especially Sanguine Primrose.

If she died as the team leader and the initiator of the mission, that would be terrible!

Earlier, the Moon God Temple had failed to bring his sister along, causing three teams to have a total of fifteen girls. In the end, only the Blood Rose and Blood Rose were left. This was already a humiliation, and Qin Sheng did not want to do it again!

"Peony, bring one over and see what it is!"

Qin Luo ordered.

"OK!"

Peony made a cute gesture and nocked an arrow. The arrow shot past like a meteor and successfully hit the nearest monster.

"Yi Yi Yi Yi…"

The snow-white monster, which had been relaxed and at ease, was enraged by the sudden attack. It floated in the air and charged towards Qin Luo Sheng at high speed. Its target was the Peony Girl who had shot its arrow.

As it got closer, Qin Sheng and the others also saw its face and knew its identity, because there were three bright words above its head—

Ice Fairy!