Chapter 470: Snow Giant, Dead

"Lass, stop causing trouble!"

Peony's words made Blood Rose's forehead darken. She snorted unhappily. "Although I'm not willing to admit it, your Big Brother Weeping Soul Beast is a hooligan. A mere Silver Boss can't beat him!"

The Peony's face instantly flushed red!

"Enough, the battle over there has started again. Watch closely!"

Sanguine Primrose interrupted this meaningless conversation and said: "Everyone, turn on the camera and record this battle from every angle. Don't miss a single detail. I want to see just how much stronger Weeping Soul Beast has grown after the Moon God Temple!"

The three girls instantly fell silent!

The Blood Rose and Graceful Lotus activated the camera system.

The Peony that idolized Qin Sheng the most had no choice but to obey the President's orders. It also aimed its camera at the ice bridge!

…

On the ice bridge!

Qin Sheng, who had received a punch from the snow giant, crashed heavily onto the ground!

After a round trip, he lost nearly 30,000 health points.

Normally,

Qin Luo Sheng had already lost two-thirds of his health points. However, due to the blessing of the Flower Goddess, his total stats had increased by 100%. Coupled with the Lily Brooch, his health points had increased by another 100%!

Right now, his total Health Points had already exceeded 150,000. A mere 30,000 was nothing!

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo stood up from the ground and looked at the snow giant striding towards him. He swung the two single-handed swords in his hands and twisted his neck. "Since you're so eager to seek death, I'll fulfill your wish! Coincidentally, I'm in a rush too. Then, I'll finish you in ten seconds!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Hunting Tiger!"

Two Speed Increasing Skills, three Attack Increasing Skills, one Weakening and Control Skill. Under Qin Luo Sheng's control, Qin Luo used Extreme Speed!

In an instant!

The charging snow giant halted under the tiger roar of the massive divine tiger behind Qin Sheng and fell into a state of terror that lasted for five seconds.

The grade of [Sky Martial] was very high. Even if it had not been revealed, Qin Sheng estimated that it was at least at the Epic stage!

The effect of Hunting Tiger could even work on an Epic Undead Lich, let alone a mere Snow Giant, a Silver Boss!

So what if it was the Overlord Body?

Just because Shadow Stab couldn't do anything to you didn't mean that other control skills couldn't!

The five seconds of fear were immediately maxed out, not one second less!

“Shadow Slash!”

Qin Sheng's body moved. After augmenting two speed enhancements, his speed broke five digits. In the blink of an eye, he arrived beside the Snow Giant and slashed!

-9,5664!

The damage was more than six digits away from 4,000 points. It was eye-catching.

"Looks like I overestimated you in ten seconds!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a cold laugh as he looked at the snow giant that was running around aimlessly due to fear. He activated the Sword Qi Cross effect and waved his sword wildly. "Five seconds. In these five seconds of fear, I sentence you to death!"

The sword aura was awe-inspiring!

Sword light shone brightly!

There was no need to aim, no need to dodge, just continuous attacks!

In such a perfect output environment, under Qin Luo Sheng's violent attacks and violent attack speed, the damage he dealt was simply explosive!

Counting down to four seconds!

Snow Giant's health bar was 53%!

Counting down to three seconds!

Snow Giant's health bar was 35%!

Counting down to two seconds!

Snow Giant's health bar was 19%!

Counting down to one second!

Snow Giant's health bar was 3%!

"Pervert!"

At the last second, the snow giant returned to normal. However, what awaited him was a surging sword beam.

He, who only had 3% of his health left, could not withstand Qin Sheng's strike at all. His health points were instantly emptied.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In an instant.

The snow giant's huge body disintegrated into snowballs that rolled down, covering half of the ice bridge.

"No, there's no prompt from the system!"

They were done!

Qin Sheng, who was about to put away his sword, suddenly thought of the most important thing and quickly held the Coiling Dragon Li Water and Hundred Battles Blood Soldier tightly.

Damn it!

These BOSSes were extremely cunning and almost got into trouble!

Indeed!

Snow Giant was not dead!

The scattered snowballs seemed to be attracted by some kind of gravitational force as they started to turn and adjust. In a few seconds, they formed the shape of a snow giant again!

"The same revival ability as undead?"

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows tightly. "Why is it so difficult to deal with any random boss? There are resurrections everywhere. Isn't this too disgusting?"

Probing skill!

[Snow Giant (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 30

Health Points: 600,000

Mana: 80,000

Physical Attack: 5000

Magic Attack: 2000

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 1000

Speed: 800

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally, it was just an ordinary piece of ice and snow. However, due to the fall of the Goddess of Ice's divine power, it awakened its intelligence and willingly became the guardian of the Ice Goddess Hall.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

This attribute!

It seemed a little different from the previous one!

‘ I think—’

Decreased by a lot?

Right!

That's right!

It had indeed weakened significantly!

He could not be sure about the rest, but his health points were fixed. He had 800,000 health points just now because Dragon Aura reduced all his attributes by 20%. The Snow Giant had 1600 health points!

"So that's how it is. Is it the same type of zombie? Even if it has the ability to revive, it's not without a price. And the price is to decrease a certain amount of strength. When one's strength falls to the point where there's no way to decrease it, then one will welcome true death!"

This was not the first time he had encountered such a situation. Qin Sheng immediately analyzed it.

"Couldn't you just die obediently? Why did you have to revive and suffer!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head helplessly. He picked up the two swords once more with a ruthless look in his eyes. "Fine, I'll work harder. I'll just kill you a few more times!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The Sword Aura flashed again!

This time, without Hunting Tiger's control, the snow giant roared and retaliated!

Due to the narrow terrain of the ice bridge and the massive size of the snow giant, it occupied most of the area. The area where Qin Sheng could move was very small. The left and right areas were tightly restricted, and the front was blocked. In order to not eat fists, he could only continuously retreat.

One punch, one punch, another punch!

One sword, one sword, another sword!

His fist landed on the ice bridge!

The sword struck the snow giant's body!

Ten seconds later!

The snow giant fell again!

Soon!

This fellow had revived again.

Still.

This resurrection was just as Qin Sheng had guessed. It only had 60% of its attributes at its peak and was extremely weak!

In less than ten seconds!

The Snow Giant was once again defeated!

Then!

He had revived again!

Five seconds later!

More!

Revive again!

Three seconds later!

Game On.

!

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 30 Silver Enhanced Boss Snow Giant. You have received 120W experience points and 100 Reputation points! '