Chapter 475: So Soft, So Fragrant…

"Hold on tight, I'm starting!"

He smiled.

Qin Luo did not let his imagination run wild.

Although Peony was quite cute and was currently in his arms, he really did not have any special thoughts about this lively girl. He really treated her like a younger sister.

"Ah ~ ~ Oh!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's instructions, the peony girl subconsciously reached out and grabbed him tightly.

"Activate [Spirit Light], activate flying ability!"

"After spending 10 Spiritual Lights, you will gain the ability to fly for one minute!"

One minute!

He had to hurry!

Fortunately, the abyss was not wide. It was only about a hundred meters wide. Given Qin Luo's speed, it would take him about ten seconds to go back and forth even if he was hugging someone!

"Ah…"

As his body moved, Qin Sheng held onto Peony's willowy waist and soared into the sky. The silver [Spiritual Light Cloak] behind him seemed to have transformed into a pair of silver wings that looked extremely shiny.

"Gosh, is this the benefit?"

As his body was suspended in the air, the peony girl cried out in surprise and subconsciously hugged Qin Luo. In a split second, Qin Luo's soft body fragrance drifted into his nose, almost making him intoxicated. "Although it's only an A, this figure ratio is really good to the point of exploding!—— Is this a beautiful girl? Mom, I'm in love!"

Extreme enjoyment!

Although it was only a few seconds, Qin Sheng was satisfied!

In his previous life, he was a loser. Although he had changed wives one after another, they were all 2D Paper Figurine wives. They could only be considered spiritual food. He had never come into contact with such high-quality girls in real life, and they were even "skilled" (funny)!

What a pity!

The flying ability brought about by the Spiritual Light was only a short one minute. It required transporting four girls. Adding on the return journey, a girl would only have 10 seconds of maximum time. It was impossible to delay and satisfy his evil intentions!

Forget it!

There would be plenty of opportunities in the future!

My Goddess of Silk, am I lacking?

Am I, Su Youran, not as good as them?

Tsk ~

Among these four girls, apart from Suhe and Peony, they were still worth interacting with in the future. As for the other two, forget it. One was as cold as an iceberg and as cunning as a fox, while the other was a hot-tempered young lady. He couldn't handle them.

"Who's next? We don't have much time, hurry up!"

He unwillingly let go of Peony's willowy waist. Looking at her lowered head and blushing face, Qin Luo's mood was extremely good. It was just that he had limited time and did not have the time to appreciate the innocence and shyness unique to young girls. He had no choice but to soar into the sky and return to the other side.

"Let me do it!"

Qin Sheng looked at him gently and said gently, "Sorry to trouble you!"

"You're welcome!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled faintly in return.

He took a step forward.

He hugged her slender waist gently.

Compared to the slimness of the peony girl, the plain and elegant lotus was slightly more well-rounded. It felt very elastic when touched. Unfortunately, the armor of the Shield Warrior was a little thick, and he could not feel its smoothness. This made Qin Sheng slightly disappointed.

"This is… jasmine fragrance?"

With a gentle tug, he pulled the elegant Suhe girl into his embrace and wrapped his arms tightly around her waist. Instantly, the impact of the meatball caused Qin Sheng's heart to race. He endured the abnormality that came from the contact with his body and maintained a calm expression with great perseverance. However, when the faint scent of the elegant jasmine entered his nose, his face instantly collapsed.

"Ah, so Little Brother Weeping Soul is also shy. I didn't expect this!"

Being held in the arms of a stranger, even though it was just a game, this virtual reality game was too realistic. Basically, this feeling were no different from reality.

The gentler she was, the more virtuous her wife and mother were, and the more she valued her chastity. This was because most of such women were very traditional.

The reason why she agreed to let a stranger hug her in such an intimate way was because she had no choice. Secondly, she did not hate Weeping Soul Beast. On the contrary, she had a good impression of him.

She was much more mature than Peony. Although she was embarrassed, she was not like Peony who did not even dare to raise her head. Even though her face was flushed, she still widened her eyes and locked her gaze on the man who was hugging her.

Seeing that his breathing had suddenly become heavier from his stoic expression, his expression had also changed. His gaze was no longer as deep as before, but carried a hint of panic.

A radiant smile blossomed on her elegant face!

This man!

It did not seem as cold as he had imagined!

It seemed like he was also a big boy!

The appearance in the game might just be a disguise. In reality, it might be very sunny!

Even though she was not old and was only 24 or 25 years old, compared to a boy under 20 years old, calling him a 'puppy' was her favorite!

"You talk too much!"

He took a deep breath, and the heavy jasmine fragrance was sucked in fiercely. He almost made Qin Sheng faint, but he still made use of this breath to recover his original expression. He quibbled, "I'm not shy. This is just a normal reaction for men! Little miss, don't you know how good your figure is?"

This time.

It was Tanya's turn to feel shy!

Looking at Qin Luo's invasive gaze and feeling his waist that had never been touched by a man of the opposite sex before, the heat from his large hands, the faint blush on Suhe's face intensified. She pursed her lips and flirtatiously glanced at Qin Luo before falling silent and not saying anything more.

Firstly, she couldn't handle it. After all, she had never had a boyfriend before. How could she resist such teasing?

Secondly, they were already on the ground. Little Sister Peony was right in front of them. As the elder sister, how could she lose face in front of her younger sister? If her younger sister found out that she was "flirting" with Weeping Soul, what would happen?

"Wait a moment, I'll pick up the third one!"

The old driver landed steadily on the ground.

Qin Qin Sheng put down the plain white lotus and looked at the blush on her elegant and solemn face. He smiled evilly and pinched her waist lightly with his evil hand. After experiencing the smoothness of the tender flesh, he nodded in satisfaction and flew away.

"Ah…"

On the other hand, Suhe almost could not help but cry out when she heard Qin Sheng's evil deeds. Her delicate body suddenly trembled as a fiery sensation washed over her entire body. Her legs went soft and she almost lost her balance.

Ding…

Suddenly, the system notification sounded in Suhe's ears. Her body trembled again.

Ding… detected harassment behavior from the player Weeping Soul. Do you want to activate the harassment system and punish him? '

Tanya Suhe:…