Chapter 478: Level Nine Ice Fairy (1)

"Wow ~ ~ So cute!"

Peony looked at the flying monster and let out a love-struck cry.

Qin Luo glanced at it.

Indeed.

This style suited the girl's taste!

Just like its name, Ice Spirit!

It looked like a human, with a body size of about 30 centimeters. It was like the small elves in the legends. It was very good-looking, and with its snow-white body, it looked like a snow doll, which made people feel even more tender.

Even a straight man like Qin Sheng had to admit that even he was moved by this little fellow and wanted to catch one to raise.

Except.

What a pity!

This was a monster, a monster that protected the Ice Snow Temple!

No matter how handsome he was, he had to fight with the sword in his hand!

Probing skill!

[Ice Elf (Enhanced One Star Elite)]

Level: 30

Health Points: 350,000

Mana: 200000

Physical Attack: 1200

Magic Attack: 6,500

Physical Defense: 800

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 1,200

Skills:???

Introduction: A dense water element condensed into a weapon. Under the influence of the Goddess of Snow's divine power, it gradually absorbed and developed intelligence, turning into a pure Ice Spirit. Because of the Goddess of Snow's will, it will block any existence that does not contain the Goddess of Snow's power or aura.

Enhanced one-star Elite?

Qin Qin Sheng almost missed his waist!

He was really scaring himself!

The Guardians outside the Ice Shrine were all Silver Enhanced Bosses. Furthermore, they had the physical advantage and were the hidden damage-type Snow Giant.

Logically speaking.

If the outer perimeter was already so fierce, the interior was naturally even more formidable!

Who knew?

It was actually such a group of cuties!

He was really speechless!

How long had it been?

How long had it been since he encountered a one-star elite monster?

Previously at the Moon Temple, the latter half of the dungeon was filled with Enhanced Three-Star Elite monsters. It was really full of Elites. BOSSes were worse than dogs.

"It seems that this mission should be much easier than the Moon Temple!"

Qin Luo heaved a sigh of relief.

A single glimpse was all it took to know everything!

Compared to the difficulty of the Moon God Temple, even though this Ice Snow Temple was also an [S] class, this guardian monster was indeed somewhat troublesome.

The monsters in the Moon Temple were at least Level 35, while the Ice Snow Temple was only at Level 30!

The monsters of the Moon Temple were at least three-star Enhanced Elites, while the Ice Snow Temple was only an Enhanced One-star Elite!

The difference—

It was a little big!

"It doesn't matter. Since the difficulty level is lower, it will be easier for me too!"

He had just returned from the Moon God Temple and had only rested for a short period of time. Although he had recovered both physically and mentally, Qin Sheng was still somewhat exhausted.

This was also why Qin Luosheng would rather forge iron than join the battle immediately!

Due to the negative effects of the skill, his body was weak. More importantly, he wanted to rest.

"Let's begin!"

Qin Luo Sheng wielded his two swords and activated Dragon's Might, stripping away 20% of the Ice Spirit's attributes. He also pulled its Hatred Points from the peony girl and locked it firmly.

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

He did not activate any augmentation skills at all. With just his own attributes and the blessing of the Flower Goddess, Qin Sheng slashed thrice like a thunderbolt. The Ice Spirit, whose attributes were reduced by 20%, died instantly, dropping a pool of coins and a piece of equipment.

Lucky!

Normal Elite monsters also dropped equipment. This drop rate was very high!

"You…"

The four girls who were about to help were stunned.

One of them raised his shield and ran over to fight the monsters!

One had just squeezed the arrow out of the quiver!

The two mages had just finished chanting halfway!

That's it?

Looking at the ice fairy corpse that had already turned into EXP and left behind the spoils of war, the four girls were all silent for a moment, not knowing what to say.

Was this the big boss?

I got it!

After the trip to the Moon God Temple, they already had some mental preparation and endurance. Unexpectedly, this man still greatly exceeded their expectations!

The Level 30 Enhanced Elite monsters were gone just like that?!!

This time.

One second?

Or less than a second?

"What a pervert!"

Blood Rose grumbled unhappily. However, even though she was unhappy, she was already in awe of this human-shaped tyrannosaurus.

He had to accept it!

This man!

He was really strong, ridiculously strong, just like a cheat!

He was furious!

"I think the four of us should find another monster to kill?"

Tanya glanced at a certain "fast shooter" man with a bitter smile and said helplessly, "We have no way of interfering with him killing monsters. If we don't start looking for other targets, we can only eat experience!"

"That won't do!"

Peony immediately jumped out to object. She pouted and said, "We finally have the blessing of the Flower Goddess, and our strength has increased tremendously. Wouldn't it be a pity if we don't make full use of our strength and experience it? I don't care. I must fight. I don't want to eat experience. I've had enough at the Moon Temple. If I don't fight by myself, my hands will be rusty!"

"Peony is right!"

Why did Rose appear? Why did Rose develop to the sixth place in China? She relied on many things. However, the most important thing was that this group of women was unwilling to become a man's vassal and thus conquered this world.

Who said that women were inferior to men?

They had absolute confidence in their own abilities and believed that they would not lose to men!

Of course!

Except for a certain pervert who was standing in front of him. He was not a human, but a hacker!

During the trip to the Moon Temple, as the elite team of the Rose Society, they had all become salted fish, becoming the "high-class bitches" that they hated the most when they were led by men and fed on experience!

As they watched Weeping Soul Beast kill monsters, what about them?

It would take a long time to kill one out of fifteen people.

The disparity was too great!

If not for the fact that they had already developed a strong heart from the rumors, they would have long given up on themselves!

Now!

Without the powerful level suppression and attribute suppression from the monsters of the Moon Temple, they would not be fit to be warriors of the Rose Society if they did not move and stayed behind the Weeping Soul Beast to eat experience and become cleaners of the battlefield!

"Killing them one by one is too slow!"

The four girls were talking frantically, discussing Qin Luo. Disheng was also simulating a battle in his mind.

There was no denying it.

The Ice Spirits were really annoying.

Especially for an explosive warrior like him, a mere 800 Physical Defense was as weak as paper.

Still.

The Ice Elves were not useless.

After all.

This guy was a magical monster.

Coincidentally.

Other than their resistance, the greatest weakness of the players was that their magic defense was too low. It was very difficult to deal with magical monsters. If they were not careful, they could be killed instantly.

Qin Qin Sheng was no exception.

Yet.

In the end, he was still a tank. With the accumulation of equipment, his magic defense was still quite weak, but his HP was raised. He didn't have to worry about being killed by a small monster like the Ice Spirit.

"With the blessing of the Flower Goddess, his resistance will increase exponentially, and his ice-type damage will be reduced by at least half. What's there to be afraid of?"