Chapter 482: Snow Guard

Snow Demon (Enhanced Two-Star Elite)

Level: 31

Health Points: 450,000

Mana: 15,000

Physical Attack: 5,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 1,200

Speed: 800

Skills:???

Introduction: Snow Demon. Originally, it was just an ordinary animal. Due to the influence of the Goddess of Ice's divine power, it developed intelligence and absorbed the power of ice and snow. From then on, it became a snow demon, possessing a certain power of ice and snow.

Enhanced two-star elite?

Under the detection spell, the monster's attributes were not covered up at all and could be seen clearly!

"A physical monster? That's great!"

Qin Luo was overjoyed.

If it was a physical type monster, with this attribute alone, it could really copy 100% of the Moon Temple's method of luring monsters. After all, he was afraid of magic attacks, but physical attacks were a little lacking.

"Let's observe the distribution of monsters on the second level first!"

Qin Sheng attacked Qin Luo at extreme speed. He did not dodge or evade. He fought the snow demon head-on and killed it within a few seconds. Then, he raised his head to look at his surroundings and said to the four girls, "If this level is filled with snow demons like this, then speed up the pace completely!"

Knowing that the man in front of them was a lunatic, the four girls did not object. They looked at each other and agreed with him.

A few minutes later!

Qin Sheng, who had already killed more than ten Snow Demons, finally came to a conclusion.

"It seems like as the introduction said, the snow demons are not pure ice elves transformed from water elements, but animals that have already existed. Under the influence of the Goddess of Snow's energy, they evolved!"

Looking at the corpse of the snow demon on the ground, and then at the meat of the wild beast that had been collected and contained some Spirit Qi in his hands, Qin Luo said to himself, "The wild beasts are very different, and according to their own condition, the direction of evolution is also different."

"In other words, this place is a hodgepodge. There are all kinds of monsters and all kinds of snakes. There are even several types of snakes. Vipers are like assassins and are good at sneak attacks. Pythons are like warriors. They can tank and fight. With their bodies as an advantage and magic snakes, it's enough!"

Qin Luo Sheng's head hurt!

This was not a single monster. There was a mix of good and bad. It was basically impossible to activate the luring plan!

Thus…

There wasn't a lot of time to begin with, so there would be a lot of waste here to greatly delay their progress!

"There's no other way, let's just leave it at that!"

Gritting his teeth, Qin Sheng shared his thoughts with Sanguine Primrose, "Even though our time is limited, we can't blindly charge forward. Even though I can't lure monsters in large batches and lure a few hundred of them at once, I can still deal with one or twenty of them at once. The time won't be too long either!"

Listen! Listen!

Was this human language?

One against twenty?

Big boss!

Please stop acting cool!

The light was so blinding!

If you put it this way, how can we team up and only be able to deal with one piece of trash at a time?

"Alright!"

Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and earnestly said: "I'll leave everything to you!"

Since the big boss had already agreed, as an employee, Qin Sheng naturally had to settle this matter well since he had taken the money!

There were two reasons why he worked so hard!

Firstly, it was worth the 2,000 crystal coins!

Secondly, it would make up for the guilt of lying to them about not having a flight talisman!

Thirdly, even though he was unwilling to do so, the fact that he had hugged the other party just now was due to the fact that the other party was unable to fly. In a sense, this could be considered as taking advantage of the other party's perilous state. If he were to work harder now, it could be considered as compensation!

Activate Dragon Might and shrink the range of deterrence to ten to twenty meters!

This huge palace was very empty.

Compared to the dense number of Ice Fairies on the first floor, there were about ten thousand of them. The snow demons here were much sparse.

Besides.

Although everyone was called Snow Demons and their strength was limited to the level of strengthening a Three-Star Elite, the races were different after all. There were jackals, tigers, leopards, snakes, rats, ants, and everything else. They could not play together. They were all doing their own things and acting alone.

"Attack with all your might, don't worry about the aggro!"

He had pulled more than ten snow demons at once. Under the special effect of Dragon's Might, his Hatred Points were firmly attracted by Qin Sheng. After casually increasing two attacking skills, Qin Sheng wielded his swords and charged forward. At the same time, he said to the four girls, "Your current stats are not low either. Work harder. It's good to save some time!"

"Understood!" * 4

…

Several hours later!

"It's about time, let's call it a day!"

After killing the last elephant snow demon, Qin Sheng collected the materials and beast meat. Looking at the game time that was about to reach its peak, he retrieved the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]!

"Alright!"

In the end, time in the game was an irresistible factor. Sanguine Primrose nodded her head and led the three girls offline.

"Quit the game!"

Qin Luo Sheng swept a glance across the cold and aloof Great Hall of Ice and Snow, and his body slowly disappeared on the spot.

…

In the real world!

When Qin Luo came out of the gaming capsule, the sky was already dark.

He skillfully ordered takeaway!

He skillfully dragged Nan Nan up from the bed!

He skillfully flirted with Su Youran on his phone!

It was midnight!

Qin Luo finally fell asleep.

Although today's battle scene was very small, with only one Snow Giant being the Boss, the number of battles was really quite large. There were as many as ten thousand Ice Fairies clearing the first floor of the Ice Shrine. It was simply killing, so he was tired!

She slept until daybreak!

Fortunately, Qin Luo had slept early yesterday. When he opened his eyes, it was only eight o'clock in the morning. There was still an hour before the appointed time.

She jumped out of bed and washed up before heading out to buy breakfast!

Nine o'clock.

Qin Luo, who had finished eating, drinking and defecating, lay down in the gaming capsule.

"Ding… Welcome back to the Fated World. Have a good game!"

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng appeared on the second floor of the Ice Snow Hall.

He turned his head.

A few rays of white light flashed as Sanguine Primrose and the other girls came online.

"Let's continue!"

Qin Sheng organized the team and looked at the stairs leading to the third level. He summoned [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and took the lead.

Third level!

[Snow Guard (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 32

Health: 800,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 7,500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 1000

Skills:???

Introduction: A humanoid monster formed from the power of ice and snow. It is the guardian of the Ice Goddess Hall. All intruders will have the belief to protect and not let it disturb the peace of its master, the Ice Goddess!