Chapter 485: Disagreement? Disagreement? Angry Qin Sheng

"Don't be depressed!"

Qin Sheng smiled when he saw the girls getting nervous and looking uncomfortable. "There's another piece of good news. According to the distribution of monsters I've seen, there are at least half fewer monsters here than on the third floor!"

"Half?"

Blood Rose couldn't help but say, "There are still thousands of monsters! If we kill them one by one, how long will it take? We don't have much time left!"

“Or what?”

Qin Luo Sheng's lips twitched as he glared at the blood-soaked rose. "Why don't you come over and use your fire magic to sweep through everything?"

The blood-soaked rose immediately died down!

Her pair of phoenix eyes narrowed slightly as she glared at him with overflowing killing intent!

"Rose is right. There are at least a thousand monsters. If we kill them one by one, we might not have enough time!"

Sanguine Primrose glanced at the time of the quest that had fallen to within 10 hours, her brows furrowed as she looked towards Qin Sheng, "Do you have any ideas?"

"I'm just a warrior!"

Qin Luo Sheng slashed at the hundreds of monsters surrounding him frantically while carefully moving. Even if he was taking the attacks head-on, he did not dare to run around recklessly for fear of incurring the hatred of more monsters. At the same time, he replied in the team channel, "I'm not a mage like you guys. I have a large AOE skill, the only splitting damage. But under the situation where the monsters cannot gather, it's useless!"

"Hmph, who are you trying to bluff!"

Upon hearing this sarcastic remark, Blood Rose was indignant and jumped out to rebut. "You don't have an AOE skill? I wonder who killed thousands of puppets summoned by the Lich!"

Qin Sheng:…

You guys are probably thinking of eating PP!

That was the forbidden spell [Icefire Twin Dragon Dance] that was attached to [Coiling Dragon Water]. As long as he used this move, he could definitely solve this problem.

However!

There was a small problem!

The cooldown time for this skill was as long as seven days.

How long had it been since he released the Undead Lich in the Moon Temple?

There were only three days!

‘ And you have a fucking four-day cooling-off period. Did you eat it?’

‘ Of course.’

It was not as if Qin Luo Sheng had no choice.

After all.

The BUG skills that the Lord of the Stars was born with were the power of rules. They were specially used to solve these troublesome problems.

As long as he activated Starlight Reversal, he could immediately clear the four-day cooldown period of [Forbidden Spell, Ice and Fire Dual Dragon Dance] in one second and use it immediately!

Still.

The next opponent was the Goddess of Ice and Snow, a true god.

Without the BUG-level skills bestowed by the Lord of the Stars, their chances of winning would be greatly reduced.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have a brain, nor would he reveal his trump card and use his trump card in order to clean up the troublesome miscellaneous troops!

"No, that forbidden spell's cooldown is not up yet!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head.

"Hmph, who knows?"

Blood Rose crossed her arms over her chest, looking as if I could see right through her. “Maybe you’re just saying that because you want to sit back and raise the price again?”

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze froze. Even his attacking hand paused for a moment and his footsteps stopped for a moment, causing him to suffer at least a dozen attacks!

"Rose, don't talk nonsense!"

Sanguine Primrose knew that something was wrong.

Indeed.

She panicked a little when she saw Qin Luo's reaction.

After ten days of interaction, even though her personality was natural and she did not interact much with this man in order to maintain her image, she secretly observed him and had a certain understanding of his character.

He looked like he was paralyzed, but he was actually just pretending!

He seemed to be unconcerned, but he was actually extremely arrogant!

These.

Perhaps even he did not realize it.

However…

She knew very well.

Once she angered this man, the consequences would be dire.

Thunder Guild, Young Master Thunder was a living example.

Besides.

That was not anger, it was just anger.

This man.

In a sense, he was very, very petty!

Or rather…

She was extremely sensitive.

There was no need for too much, just a little touch of his sensitive source. No one would know what would happen. Trust me, no one would want to know!

But.

It was too late.

Sanguine Primrose's mouth was filled with bitterness.

It was impossible not to know now!

"Really? That's amazing! You actually guessed my inner thoughts!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was extremely calm, but in the ears of the four girls, they could not help but feel a chill in their hearts.

It was especially so for the Blood Rose. The moment the words left her mouth, she felt that something was wrong. At this moment, as she looked at Qin Sheng, who had completely changed his attitude, she felt extremely apprehensive.

"Since you've guessed my thoughts, I won't hide it anymore!"

Qin Luo Sheng turned around and swept his gaze over the four girls one by one. He smiled evilly and said in a strange voice, "Either the remuneration will be doubled or the contract will end here. I'll return the 2000 crystal coins without missing a single one. I won't accompany you anymore. Escorting you guys here is considered a good deed!"

Blood Rose:…

"Big Brother Weeping Soul!"

Peony called out timidly.

"Don't say anything, Peony!"

Previously, if the peony girl had spoken, Qin Sheng would have at least listened to her with a much gentler expression. But now, he cut her off without hesitation and replied, "This matter has nothing to do with you. Don't say anything that you shouldn't say. Otherwise, I'll be very unhappy. Perhaps it doesn't matter to you whether I'm happy or not. I've never thought highly of myself, but I'm also not a bootlicker.—It's up to you how you decide!"

Peony shook her head.

Even more so.

She stepped back.

She covered her mouth tightly as tears welled up in her eyes.

"Double the reward!"

Sanguine Primrose took a deep breath and looked at the Peony of Exceptional Beauty that was about to cry, the quiet Elegant Lotus, and the somewhat indignant and scared Blood Rose. She helplessly sighed and said: "Quest complete, additional 2000 crystal coins!”

"Oh?!!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Sanguine Primrose in surprise.

His bid earlier was just an excuse.

Unexpectedly.

Sanguine Primrose was actually so bold!

Not to mention the value of 2,000 crystal coins, to the Rose Society, anything that could be solved with money was not a problem. However, the difficulty of collecting crystal coins was getting higher.

The others were not fools.

Even if the officials did not reveal the use of crystal coins, who would think that anything that could be born from the Boss was trash?

Except.

Right now, everyone did not have enough cash and gold coins were scarce. They needed to invest too much in all other aspects and did not involve too many crystal coins.

Like this.

That was why he could still receive crystal coins at a low price at this stage.

Still.

Starting from yesterday, the acquisition list of crystal coins started from Hidden Dragon Pavilion and the actions of the Rose Society.

Even an idiot knew that crystal coins were definitely useful!

At this moment.

Not to mention two thousand crystal coins, even a hundred or two hundred would be a lot of pressure!

Initially, Sanguine Primrose was in a difficult position, but she did not back down and accepted it.

This made Qin Sheng somewhat unable to advance or retreat.