Chapter 481: Snow Demon

"It's a pet! A wild pet! And it's a ninth rank pet!!”

Qin Luo Sheng's abnormality attracted the gazes of the four girls beside him. When they saw the wild ice sprites, all of them nearly jumped up.

He had no choice.

The Ice Spirits were too beautiful, and there was nothing they didn't like.

The monsters that had grown up had no choice but to be slaughtered.

But now.

Who wouldn't want a wild pet that could be captured?

Not to mention the strength and looks of the Ice Elves, more than 90% of the players did not have pets. No matter how trashy the Ice Elves were, they were still very popular!

After all.

It was better than nothing!

Didn't you see how powerful Weeping Soul Beast's pet was? It was practically a killing machine. With such an aid, it would be able to greatly increase its strength regardless of PK or leveling.

Wasn't this fragrant?

If he were to tame it on the spot or seal it on the spot, he would be able to summon it immediately. At the same time, he would be able to consume the experience points to level up. Once he succeeded, it wouldn't be too powerful, but at the very least, it would be of help, right?

At most, he could add all the attribute points of the pet to its Constitution and turn it into a Blood Bull pet. At the critical moment, it could also block a blade!!!

Besides.

This Ice Elf was not a trash pet, but a ninth-level pet. Among ordinary pets, it was already at the peak. If it continued upwards, it would be at the Epic stage!

"Big Brother Weeping Soul!"

Peony started to whine.

Because.

This ice fairy pet was discovered by Qin Sheng. According to the rules, he naturally had the first right to capture it.

Even though Qin Luo already had Xiaoxiao, this did not prevent him from capturing pets.

In fact.

Since the opening of the Pet System, a new profession had been born—Pet traffickers that specialized in capturing pets for sale!

After all, the Pet System had only been opened for a short period of time, and most players did not have it. This was a huge prospect and a huge market. Naturally, countless people were eyeing this huge cake.

At this stage.

On the pet rankings, other than Qin Luo's legendary pet, Xiao-Xiao, who was ahead of everyone else, second place was a level-eight pet, third place was a level-seven pet, and the rest, from fourth to tenth place, were all at least level-five pets.

As a ninth rank pet, as long as it was captured successfully, it would immediately be on the pet rankings, and it would directly reach second place. How valuable was this?

Qin Luo Sheng was originally a "mercenary" who received remuneration!

It was the same at the Moon Temple!

It was the same for the Tear Snow Village this time!

Still.

Fortunately, it was Qin Luo. Qin Sheng already had a pet, so he would sell it if he caught it. This was because a player could only summon one pet to fight each time. Since he was selling it, they would naturally have a chance to enjoy the benefits of having a favorable position!

What a pity!

This group of girls was at odds!

Players could train more pets. Even if they could only summon one pet to fight at the same time, they could summon different pets to fight against different enemies in different environments.

Furthermore!

Qin Sheng had received a reward for activating the Pet System. Not only did he get a permanent Pet column + 2, but he could also summon pets to battle + 1!

In other words.

Qin Qin Sheng could raise three pets at the same time and summon two at the same time.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng had no interest in ice sprites.

Compared to Xiaoxiao, this guy was worlds apart. There was no comparison at all.

If the Ice Spirit was a physical pet, he might have been interested, but it was a magical pet.

Magic pet!

It was a single ice magical pet!

He he…

Xiaoxiao was a pet that could use all elemental magic. Furthermore, she was a dragon. She had the blood of a True Dragon in her body. When she grew up, she might be able to awaken the mysterious Dragon language magic…

Isn't this fragrant?

Qin Luo Sheng must have a screw loose to want an Ice Spirit!

Even with the extra space, Qin Sheng did not want to train a completely useless pet. After all, training required energy and cost. If he accepted it, money would be fine, but experience? Who could withstand having two pets eat his experience at the same time?

"1000 crystal coins, let us have this Ice Spirit?"

Compared to the peony girl's coquettishness, Sanguine Primrose was much more straightforward.

1000 crystal coins?

Qin Luo was shocked.

The boss was generous!

He had never intended to take the Ice Elves in the first place. He did not expect that he would be able to get such a huge profit from using trash!

Lucky!

"Deal."

Qin Luo accepted the price of 1000 crystal coins immediately, afraid that Sanguine Primrose would change her mind.

Actually.

Qin Qin Sheng knew as well.

The price of 1,000 crystal coins was definitely high.

Except.

At the current stage, the pet market had yet to open up, and it was extremely dispirited. Even the rankings were filled with ugly melons.

This Ice Spirit was able to get onto the rankings and reach the second highest position on the rankings. It would bring about a huge increase in Rose's reputation. This was the greatest value of the Ice Spirit, the biggest reason why it was worth 1,000 crystal coins.

Ding… you are currently trading with Sanguine Primrose!

Ding… transaction successful. You have received crystal coins * 1000! '

Comfortable!

Qin Sheng immediately retreated and handed the 1,000 crystal coins to Sanguine Primrose.

Perhaps they had already communicated privately.

Even though the other three girls were envious, they still obediently gave the Ice Spirit to their president.

Sanguine Primrose did not hesitate as she took out her Sealing Card and activated it.

After crippling five Sealing Cards, he finally succeeded in sealing the Ice Spirit into the card. This also meant that the capture was successful.

He pulled up the pet rankings!

Indeed!

Qin Luo Sheng saw that his original second place, eighth rank pet, had been pushed to third place. The new one on the rankings was undoubtedly Sanguine Rose's ninth rank pet, the Ice Spirit.

"Image.jpg!"

An Ice Fairy's attribute drawing?

Qin Luo clicked on it!

[Ice Elf (Unnamed)]

Level: 0

Type: Pet

Grade: Level 9

Sanguine Rose

Health Points: 200

Mana: 800

Physical Attack: 10

Magic Attack: 50

Physical Defense: 20

Magic Defense: 30

Speed: 100

Skill: [Ice Spirit] Passive: + 50% Ice Resistance, + 20% Power when casting Ice Magic!

[Ice] Active: Consumes 10 mana points to attack the target, dealing 120% mana damage. Cooldown time is 1 second!

Weak!

Too weak!

Qin Qin Sheng simply could not bear to watch.

This attribute.

Compared to a small level 0 attribute, it was nothing!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng also understood that the Ice Fairy's attributes were considered pretty good. After all, it was a ninth rank pet and did not let down this level.

Besides.

This guy was a rare magic-type pet with such a high appearance. At present, it was already equivalent to a "divine pet"!

"Let's continue!"

When the girls saw the Ice Spirits, they couldn't help but feel envious, especially when Sanguine Primrose summoned her Ice Spirits. After a few minutes, they finally recovered.

To that.

Qin Luo did not feel anything.

He had already started to move forward and continue killing the monsters after making the women go crazy.

Two hours later.

They finally reached the end of the hall.

It was a pity.

There was no Boss, and no second Ice Elf pet.

After quickly cleaning up the battlefield, Qin Luo brought the four girls and stepped onto the stairs leading to the second level palace.

He had just entered the second level.

A snow-white monster pounced over.

Qin Luo Sheng blocked its attack with his sword, but before he could cast a detection spell, two large words appeared above his head—

Snow demon!