Chapter 484: Snow Warrior

"Oh!"

After being warned by the blood-soaked rose’s ‘vicious’ look, Peony pouted her lips and reluctantly agreed to stop asking questions.

Except.

Was that it?

One should never underestimate a person's curiosity, especially a woman's curiosity, especially a girl who was in her rebellious teenage years!

At this stage!

She insisted on doing what you didn't want her to do!

Not answering?

It didn't matter!

Now was an information society. As long as there was a goal and an answer, 'I want the answer'!

He casually searched online and found all the answers!

"The joke ends here. Everyone, take a rest. We should replenish our hunger!"

Seeing that things were about to get out of hand, Sanguine Primrose stepped forward.

With the face of Sanguine Primrose, Qin Luo could not afford to offend the big boss. Furthermore, he was already addicted to talking. He had taken advantage of the situation and knew when to stop.

Yet.

Sanguine Rose was not convinced but seeing how Sanguine Rose's teasing time was fixed as a joke, she was so angry that her chest heaved up and down even more. She gritted her teeth but there was nothing she could do.

Their president did not dare to refute!

She couldn't beat a hooligan who cried his soul out!

What else could he do?

Of course she chose to forgive him!

"Right, the crystal coins dropped are mine!"

Qin Luo suddenly said, "Also, special equipment like jewelry, I have priority in choosing!"

This was the distribution method that had been formulated long ago!

He had followed the rules of the Moon Temple!

"Sure!"

Since it was an agreement and they had to rely on Qin Sheng's strength, Sanguine Primrose naturally would not break the agreement. She handed over 27 crystal coins, three pieces of equipment, two necklaces and one ring to Qin Sheng.

"Very good!"

Qin Luo did not mind the equipment, but he liked crystal coins.

Normal monsters that were not Bosses had a pitifully low chance of dropping crystal coins. Even if these monsters were three-star Enhanced Elites and were only slightly weaker than Bosses, if they were not Bosses, they were still not Bosses. They were just a little bit off and were difficult to cross!

Five minutes later!

Qin Luo's abnormal physique had allowed him to recover most of his stamina!

The battle with all the monsters was not very intense to begin with. It was only because of the continuous waving of his arms that his arms were a little weak. He just needed to rest for a while!

"Let's continue!"

Time was tight. Even if he was not at his peak state, Qin Luo could not allow him to continue resting. He stood up and looked at the girls who were already prepared. Qin Luo summoned [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] again. He held them tightly and said, "I hope that the next level is no longer a level to clear the monsters. There are too many monsters, it's tiring!"

"Hmph, what are you so proud of?"

Seeing the figure leading the way up the stairs, Blood Rose couldn't help but snort. "Damn stinky man!"

Sanguine Primrose:…

【删除】

Peony of Alluring City: ε = (▽ ╰)

Within the Ice Goddess Hall.

Fourth level!

It was still made of ice crystals, and the palace was shining with a dreamy luster.

It was a scene that would never change.

No matter how beautiful she was, it would make people tired of her beauty.

Not to mention Qin Sheng, even the girls who loved beauty were completely unmoved. They were no longer as excited as when they first entered the Ice Snow Shrine.

[Ice Warrior (Enhanced Three Star Elite)]

Level: 33

Health Points: 850000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 8500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3,500

Magic Defense: 2,500

Speed: 1,200

Skills:???

Introduction: A humanoid monster formed from the power of ice and snow. It is a warrior who guards the Ice Shrine. For all intruders, they will carry out the belief of protection and will not allow it to disturb the peace of the Ice Goddess!

Qin Sheng:…

Was he still a small monster?

Where was the boss?

The huge Ice Snow Shrine and the area where the Ice Goddess was located were all these dregs?

Tsk!

"Let's not talk about tactics. It's this silly monster again. Let's use the same method as before!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged helplessly at the four girls. "Sigh, what a tiring life!"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

Qin Luo activated two speed enhancement skills and activated Dragon's Might again. He then started running, preparing to replicate the method of luring monsters and killing monsters on the third level!

"Eh, no, that's not right!"

Yet.

When Qin Luo took a few steps forward, monsters with different appearances of snow warriors entered his sight one after another, causing him to involuntarily stop in his tracks.

"The monsters here are just like the snow demons on the second floor. They are hybrid!"

F*ck!

He had miscalculated!

A hybrid monster could not be used in the same way as before.

After all.

A warrior-type monster could only use physical attacks pitifully, but the position around him was limited. Only the ones at the front could attack him. In addition, there was an ice pillar behind him to prevent sneak attacks from behind, so there were even fewer spots to attack.

But.

If it was a hybrid, everything would be completely different.

The physical type of melee fighters, such as this Ice Warrior, could attack at close range. As for other long-range attackers such as archers and mages, they could attack from afar.

This way…

To withstand so many attacks at once and still stand there to resist them, that was simply an idiot!

Wasn't he just a sitting duck?

These guys were all three-star Enhanced Elite monsters. Their attacks were not weak. One or two, eight or ten were fine. However, if there were a hundred or two hundred of them, a thousand or two thousand, how could they play?

With just one round of attacks, no matter how low the damage was, he could still instakill you!

Besides.

His physical defense could still be seen, but his magical defense was still at the level of a dabbler. He could not withstand it!

"Fortunately, there are very few monsters on the fourth level. It seems that the higher you go, the fewer monsters there are!"

Although the impulsive luring of the monsters had aroused the hatred of almost a hundred monsters in the surroundings, Qin Sheng had not done nothing. At least, he had seen the distribution of the monsters.

“What is it?”

Seeing that Qin Luo did not attract thousands of monsters like a mad dog on the third floor and carried out an explosive wave, the girls were puzzled.

"This is difficult. The monsters on this level are mixed!"

Qin Luo explained with a bitter smile.

These girls were all experts and were experienced. Naturally, they instantly understood what Qin Sheng meant!

They did not think that Weeping Soul Beast was invincible.

Even if compared to other players, Weeping Soul Beast was indeed invincible.

Except.

The attributes of monsters were far beyond that of players!

Even though Weeping Soul Beast was able to lure monsters and kill them, it was only possible under certain conditions.

After such a long period of interaction and watching the battle between the Weeping Soul Beasts, they were able to see everything clearly with their eyes. Furthermore, they had brought the video back and analyzed it for the professionals, so they knew a lot of information.

Weeping Soul's magic defense was the same as that of normal players. It was a weakness!

Even though his health points were very high, if he was attacked by too many magical monsters, he might still be instakilled.