Chapter 486: Strangers? Identity Exposed!

"What the fuck is this!"

Qin Luo Sheng was completely speechless.

Damn it!

Your mouth is cheap!

Why do you have to add this sentence?

So be it!

Since he already had an idea, he might as well be more ruthless and cut off all possibilities from the root.

Saying that the barren land would be doubled?

Wouldn't it be nice to flip it ten times?

Now look!

What should he do?

Let's leave. The other party had agreed to your conditions without any hesitation and was extremely forthright. He didn't even bargain with you, let alone reject you. Wouldn't leaving just like that be slapping his own face?

He was a noble soul who couldn't keep his word and spoke as though he was farting!

If news of this were to spread, how would he be able to survive?

However…

If he did not leave, he would feel very uncomfortable!

You can doubt everything about me, but you cannot doubt my character and trample on my dignity.

I, Qin Sheng, do indeed love money as much as my life, but I'm not without a bottom line!

"Boss, happy working together!"

Qin Sheng silently hacked at the monster that was chasing after him. After a few seconds, he took a deep breath and said with a dark expression, "Unfortunately, this is the last time we will work together!"

Sanguine Primrose frowned!

She took a deep breath and calmed herself down.

‘ What do you mean?’

What other meaning could there be?

It was a pleasure to work with him. He would continue to accompany him in completing this mission!

What about the last cooperation?

This meant that…

From this moment onwards, or rather, from the moment this mission was completed, Weeping Soul Beast and their Rose Society would completely part ways.

This was a disaster!

God knew how much effort she had put in, how much effort she had wasted.

They had only known each other for less than ten days, not even half a month.

But what did they get from Weeping Soul Beast?

During the trip to the Moon Temple, 15 members of the first-tier elite group had experienced an explosive increase in their levels. As the president, she had directly entered the rankings. She was second only to the legendary big shot Weeping Soul, the two great legends of China, East Imperial and Martial Emperor.

How glorious would her Rose be during this period of time? How much popularity would her rising level bring to Rose? How much reputation and benefits would these transformations produce?

Only she knew!

Furthermore!

This was only the beginning!

The Moon God Temple had not only brought along the level of the fifteen of them, but also large batches of equipment. There were more than a thousand pieces of equipment, and most of them were the most widely circulated in the current market, enough to equip a hundred elite groups.

How terrifying would this increase the Rose Society's strength?

How big of a chain reaction would this elite group of 100 have?

Furthermore…

The fifteen first-rate Wasteland Reclaimers who were with them had all changed their clothes.

In the past, every piece of Gold equipment he had was considered a "tycoon"!

And now?

Basically, his entire body was made of gold. Even if the parts that were missing were lacking, they were still high-grade silver!

Let's talk about her as the president.

He had a full set of Gold equipment and an Epic staff in his hand. He had also completed all the hidden equipment such as rings, necklaces, earrings, and other accessories!

All of this!

It was all because of this man!

Yatu was on good terms with him. The pavilion took off, and so did Yatu himself!

Rose would meet him.

In just ten days.

Rose Society had already prepared the foundation for takeoff.

To be able to change the direction of their forces by himself, how terrifying was that?

Even though he did not come here for nothing, in comparison, his gains and sacrifices were insignificant.

He tasted the sweetness.

With such a huge Weeping Soul Beast, who wouldn’t want to join their faction?

She, who was more ambitious than others, was no exception!

This time.

The Class S Class Advancement mission was here again!

Besides really needing Weeping Soul's power to help her complete her Class Advancement, it was also to strengthen her connection with Weeping Soul. She wanted to build a deeper bond with him.

For that.

She didn’t hesitate to send out the two great killing weapons of the clan, the young and lovely Peony of Alluring City, and the dignified and elegant Elegant Lotus, all of them joining the squad.

Moreover…

She even brought along her assistant, who had an explosive figure that the little boys could not resist, and the extremely charming Blood Rose.

Like this.

Plus, she was an ice goddess!

It could be said.

In terms of general direction, it included all kinds of women!

There was a proud and aloof goddess that made one's desire to conquer rise!

She had the charm and maturity of a domineering CEO who could not help but arouse primitive desires!

There was a dignified and virtuous wife and mother who could not help but arouse the desire to protect!

There was a delicate and cute little girl who made people want to ravage her!

To organize this lineup!

Sanguine Primrose did not even join Green Lantern, who had the most explosive figure and was even better than a supermodel. She even bought the Cleric that the party needed the most because there was no suitable one.

Unfortunately.

Her good intentions were completely ruined now. Not only did she not bind Weeping Soul, she even lost the friendship she had with the Moon God Temple when they fought side by side. From now on, they might not be enemies, but they would be strangers.

Everything was clearly fine earlier!

Her plan worked well too. Weeping Soul had developed an interest and a good impression of Peony, who was a loli and a virtuous wife.

Plus.

The hug at the ice bridge and the leap into the abyss had further stimulated this good impression.

However!

Man proposes, God disposes.

She, Sanguine Primrose, had calculated everything but human nature.

The discord between the Weeping Soul Beast and the Blood Rose had arisen due to the encounter with the Lich.

Blood Rose was the biggest flaw in her plan, the biggest failure!

The two of them had different views on the world, life, values, and values. Why would they think of the same thing and end up together?

Plus.

Whether it was the Weeping Soul Beast or the Blood Rose, they were both prideful people and firm people. They would never compromise easily. Even if it was their partner (comical), they would not give up on their beliefs and persistence.

So—

Sanguine Primrose's seemingly perfect plan was actually doomed to fail!

"What a pity!"

Sanguine Primrose closed her eyes. She had been using a cold expression for a long time now to hide her emotions. Even though she was on the verge of breaking down, she did not reveal anything.

"Weeping Soul Beast, we cannot give up!”

After comforting the uneasy Blood Rose, Sanguine Primrose stared intently at the figure of the man who was still killing monsters with all his might. Her cold gaze turned fierce as she said: "Since there is no way to resolve this peacefully in the game, then we can only place our hopes on the real world. Weeping Soul, Qin Sheng, perhaps we will meet again soon!"

…