Chapter 487: Guardian Boss: Ice Crystal Knight

Two hours later!

Ding… You have killed Level 33 Enhanced Three Star Elite Ice Warlock. You have gained 8,500 + experience! '

As the last Ice Warlock fell, Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief.

They were finally done.

This amount of time was more than an hour compared to the third floor, five or six times.

Still.

For Qin Luo himself, the burden of battle was lighter, and he did not consume much stamina.

After all.

This wasn’t a wave of annihilation, but rather one by one, or a few in a small area. A dozen or so came easily.

After collecting the materials on the Warlock's body silently, Qin Luo Sheng ignored the four girls behind him and strode forward.

Since they had already decided to shed all pretense of cordiality, they should not have too much interaction.

If he wanted to break it, he had to break it cleanly.

Coincidentally.

Previously, he had already felt that Sanguine Primrose was a terrifying woman and did not dare to interact too much with her. It was only because he could not reject her offer that he did not accept her request.

Now.

He could finally find a good excuse to be free!

Lucky!

"Oh, is there a BOSS guarding this level?"

Just as he was about to follow the experience of the first few levels and find the stairs leading to the next level, he did not expect that there was a huge figure standing in front of the stairs!

“Looks like we’ve really arrived at the second half of the Icesnow Divine Hall!”

Qin Luo Sheng stroked his chin as he thought, "The appearance of the Boss means that the protection is getting stronger. It also means that we're not far from the Snow Goddess!"

[Ice Crystal Knight (Enhanced Silver Boss)]

Level: 33

Health Points: 1,200,000

Mana: 3,500

Physical Attack: 10,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 3000

Speed: 2000

Skills:???

Introduction: A mutation of the Icy Snow Knight. Holding the Ice Crystal Spear stained with the power of the Icy Snow Goddess, wearing the Ice Crystal Armor formed from mutated ice crystals. The mount is a Snow Demon Mutated One-horned Snow Horse. It has terrifying strength and can charge through the enemy lines without fail. It is one of the Bosses guarding the Icy Snow Shrine!

Indeed!

This was a BOSS!

Damn!

You're finally here!

As expected of the Ice Shrine, the first thing they did was to strengthen the Silver Boss. They completely ignored the two trash levels, Iron and Bronze!

I got it!

The stronger the boss, the more excited I am!

My level was also Level 33, which was very compatible with Level 35. The items that dropped wouldn’t be like the Glass Daoist Robe or the Duality Sword, which could be seen but couldn’t be used. It was purely because I was envious of you.

‘ Of course.’

The equipment dropped by a Silver Boss was practically useless.

But.

The Ice Crystal Knight was a Silver grade BOSS. Would the Gold grade BOSS be far away?

Gold grade Boss dropped Gold grade equipment. Once the Starlight Miracle was upgraded, wouldn't it be an Ancient grade equipment?

Hmm!

The Epic stage was enough!

I'm not picky!

"Let's start!"

Since he had already shed all pretense of cordiality, Qin Sheng ignored the four girls from Rose Society. He just minded his own business and charged forward to do it!

Right now, he just wanted to end this mission as soon as possible and get the reward. Then, I'll be happy!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

With a boost of one speed and three attacks, Qin Sheng charged forward brazenly without any defense.

It was just a Silver-tier Boss, and it was already very respectful to be in such a state.

"Hunting Tiger!"

With a roar of a tiger, the Ice Crystal Knight's undisguised actions had aroused hatred. Just as it was about to counterattack, it instantly stopped.

Five seconds of fear.

Even an Epic BOSS was not immune, let alone a weakling like Ice Crystal Knight!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Qin Luo Sheng did not even want to use the Raging Blow. For the current him, even if the Ice Crystal Knight's attribute triggered an absolute injury and reduced all attributes by 20%, there was basically no difference.

On the contrary.

The Berserk Strike required a second of accumulation, which wasted his output time.

The two swords danced wildly.

The sharp edge of the sword continued to strike the Ice Crystal Knight, causing massive damage.

"This fellow did live up to his name. This Ice Crystal Armor is really something. Its defense is quite high!"

Qin Sheng was rather surprised to see that part of his attack had been blocked by the armor.

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo’s eyes shone with interest as the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his left hand suddenly surged with energy. “Then let me see just how tough your turtle shell is!—Brutal Strike!”

Savage Maul had a chance of triggering the Crippling effect!

Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier had an additional chance of triggering the breaking effect!

The two combined!

An Epic-level skill and an Epic weapon. Its grade greatly suppressed Ice Crystal Knight, who was merely a Silver Boss!

Coupled with Qin Luo's luck of dozens of points, it would increase the chances of triggering the effects.

Like this.

It was impossible not to trigger it!

However!

Reality ruthlessly gave Qin Luo a big stick!

Attacking the knee joint of the Ice Crystal Knight might have triggered the special effect of the Violent Destruction Strike, doubling the damage from three consecutive strikes by 200%, but the thought of crippling or breaking did not trigger any of them.

Tsk!

Am I so f * * king different now?

I'm not convinced!

"Ice Crystal Charge!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was filled with displeasure. Just as he was about to continue his ferocious attack, he forgot that the five seconds of fear had already ended. The Ice Crystal Knight, who had just regained his consciousness, looked at the enemy standing before him and pulled on the reins. The Ice Snow Unicorn neighed and its hooves flew as it crashed heavily forward.

Bang!

Qin Sheng, who had not been on guard at all, was hit instantly. The horn of the Snow Unicorn Horse, enhanced by the power of the Ice Crystal Knight, struck his body heavily. The penetrating damage not only caused the endurance of the [Skeleton Heavy Armor] to decrease greatly, but also sent him flying.

"Hiss…"

Feeling the intense pain from his chest, Qin Luo could not help but gasp. "It hurts!"

"Tsk, I really underestimated you!"

Fortunately.

Previously, it was because he was close to the Ice Crystal Knight that he did not have the greatest advantage of being a knight. If that attack just now gave the Ice Crystal Knight enough time to run, the impact of the force from the sprint would not be as easy as now.

"However, this is the end for you!"

After dispelling his force in mid-air, Qin Luo Sheng teleported and his body instantly disappeared from the spot, returning to the front of the Ice Crystal Knight.

"Instant Slash!"

One slash!

Yet.

The expected violent attack did not happen. Instead—

Clang!

The crisp sound of the collision made Qin Shengzhi feel his hand go numb. He was shocked on the spot.

This guy.

Such power!

What a fast reaction!

How the f*ck could he withstand such an aura without any warning?

"Shadow Assault!"

After missing his attack, his body moved and disappeared from the Ice Crystal Knight's sight.

"Shadow Stab!"

Qin Luo teleported to the back of the Ice Crystal Knight and swiftly stabbed forward with his sword. His target—the back of the Ice Crystal Knight's head!

Clang!

The flawless combination skill "Shadow Assault + Shadow Stab" had failed again!

It was not the Ice Crystal Knight's superhuman reaction, but—

Ice Crystal Armor!