Chapter 488: Terrifying Battle Talent

Tsk!

Qin Luo Sheng was practically autistic!

Looks like…

The information mentioned in the system introduction could not be ignored!

Ice Crystal Spear was the main attack!

Ice Crystal Armor's main defense!

The Snow Unicorn Horse’s main speed!

Adding on the Ice Crystal Knight's battle awareness and extreme reaction speed!

This was simply impeccable!

"In terms of combat experience, I might not be as good as you!"

Qin Sheng sensed that something was wrong after his attack missed. He did not linger and immediately retreated. Sure enough, in the next moment, a three-meter-long ice crystal spear swept over and almost hit him.

"It's a pity that you can't break the absolute difference in strength! You lost this battle!"

With a leap, Qin Luo Sheng's extraordinary speed burst forth. Even the Snow Unicorn Horse was far inferior to him. In an instant, he appeared in front of the Ice Crystal Knight. Retracting the Coiling Dragon Water right hand, he clenched it into a fist. Golden light flashed as a dragon's head appeared. "Dragon Fist!"

A violent punch landed on the Ice Crystal Knight!

In an instant!

The Ice Crystal Knight's massive body was sent flying from the ice and snow horned horse. He was sent flying backwards, replaying the scene of his knight charging Qin Sheng!

"When a knight loses his warhorse, I want to see how much of your strength you can display?"

He kicked the Snow Unicorn Horse that was about to bite him. Not only did he send the Snow Unicorn Horse flying, Qin Sheng also used the rebound force to speed up and chase after the Ice Crystal Horse that was still in midair.

"Come, let's see if your turtle shell is harder or my sword is sharper!"

Rapid Chop!

Sword qi swept out horizontally and vertically.

The Ice Crystal Knight was unable to control its body as it was in mid-air. The only thing it could do was to change its direction slightly to protect its weakness.

Yet.

This was like quenching thirst with poison!

Under the continuous sword gleams, the Ice Crystal Knights, who were unable to cut off the source of damage and dodge the attacks, were unable to do anything no matter how perfect their defense was, even if they had Ice Crystal Armor.

After all.

Even if he managed to dodge the vital points, and even if the Ice Crystal Armor managed to offset a portion of the damage, there would still be damage. Moreover, with Qin Sheng's current attack power, the damage was still in a crushing state. Every strike was at least tens of thousands.

Three seconds.

The Ice Crystal Knight flew back for three seconds, flying more than ten meters!

When the force had dissipated, he quickly reacted. The ice crystal spear in his hand swept across and forced Qin Sheng, who was chasing closely behind, to retreat. Seizing this opportunity, he suddenly stabbed the ice crystal spear into the ground, stopping its momentum of flying backwards and successfully landing on the ground.

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

The Ice Crystal Knight, who had just stabilized his body, did not have the time to do anything. In the next moment, a vigorous Sword Aura shot over and slashed his chest.

Crack!

After experiencing countless intermediate levels, even if the Ice Crystal Armor had unparalleled defense, it could not withstand such a violent beating.

The 300% damage Sword Aura finally became the straw that broke the camel's back, causing cracks to appear on the Ice Crystal Armor.

"Ice Crystal Technique!"

The armor was damaged, but the Ice Crystal Knight did not panic at all. His body was covered in a dense radiance. The originally pure white ice crystals instantly turned purple and turned into purple gold armor.

Ding… Ice Crystal Knight used Ice Crystal Tactic. All stats + 50%, Attack + 50%, Speed + 20%! '

Qin Sheng:…

He glanced at his Health Points!

30%!

Tsk!

No wonder he exploded. He had reached the critical point.

F*ck!

Too careless!

Still.

Not a big problem.

Enhanced Silver Boss Enraged Mode. Although its attributes and combat power were comparable to a Gold Boss, its grade was still Silver. This gap was difficult to cross, and no matter how much it was enhanced, it was still within the limit.

“Shadow Escape!”

With a sway of his body, he turned into a shadow and suddenly appeared beside the Ice Crystal Knight. The [Coiling Dragon Water] in his hand carried the 3,000 points of fire damage from the [Dragon Fire] and slashed at him.

"Assault!"

The Ice Crystal Knight did not panic in the face of Qin Sheng's sudden and unpredictable attack. With a shake of his right hand, the Ice Crystal Spear transformed into an afterimage. Under Qin Sheng's incredulous gaze, the Ice Crystal Knight took the initiative and stabbed heavily at his right shoulder!

F*ck!

What kind of godly reaction was this?

What kind of immortal consciousness was this?

This was a Silver grade boss?

Who was this Ice Crystal Knight?

With such terrifying combat experience and combat talent, if he was a Gold Boss or an Ancient Boss, wouldn't he be going to heaven?

"Awesome!"

The three-meter long spear in front of him was only slightly more than a meter long. The [Coiling Dragon Liquid] in Qin Sheng's hands could not break through the defense range of the Ice Crystal Knight's spear.

As matters stood.

Qin Qin Sheng had to admit that the boss before him was definitely a god!

Opposite!

1v1!

If they were of the same strength, his chances of winning would be less than ten percent.

This battle.

Qin Luo understood.

The previous few times, he suddenly came to his senses because he had been beaten awake!

It was the same this time. He was once again awakened!

However…

The difference was that the previous few times, they were awakened by the overwhelming strength and the Boss' strange abilities. This time, they were awakened by the Ice Crystal Knight's terrifying combat talent.

This could not be helped.

In the end.

Whether it was his previous life or this life, he was just a loser.

If it was a mouse and keypad game, he could still find excuses. But this virtual reality game was real and he was the one controlling it. How could he find excuses?

Qin Luo was indeed a spicy chicken!

Qin Luo was not the only one. 99.99% of the players were the same.

After all, this was an era of peace. Everyone was an ordinary person. Who had experienced battle? Who would have combat experience?

‘ Of course.’

Even ordinary people would grow rapidly after entering the virtual world, like fish in water. Under the guidance of their talents, their combat experience would skyrocket.

But it was a pity.

Qin Luo was not such a genius.

Sigh.

He had no choice.

Without talent, it was impossible to learn real skills quickly. He could only make use of external modifications and use his exceptional attributes to blend in.

Just like now!

"As expected of a knight, he is really as immovable as a mountain, watertight!"

Qin Sheng sighed in amazement as he watched the dense spear screen formed by the Ice Crystal Knight brandishing his spear.

“But it’s not just combat experience that determines strength!”

Sacred Flame!

His body shook.

Qin Luo Sheng's entire body was burning with golden flames.

Chi la ~

The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] in his hands were guided by his arms. Holy flames surged into his body and wrapped around his sword.

"Since your Ice Crystal Spear is an absolute forbidden zone within three meters, I can only attack you from three meters away!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and slowly raised his two swords. "This is the first time that I, a melee class, had to rely on long-range attacks to win against another melee boss. You are really strong! However, I still won this battle!"