Chapter 489: The Battle Is Over! Dragon Might Absolute Kill!

Swish!

Sword Qi surged!

The golden sword energy traversed seven meters and fell towards the Ice Crystal Knight.

"You dodged it? You didn't disappoint me!"

The Ice Crystal Knight was no fool, and naturally would not stand there and receive a beating for nothing. He easily dodged Qin Sheng's sword qi attack.

Upon seeing this scene, Qin Sheng was not displeased. On the contrary, there was still a look of admiration on his face. "It's a pity that you've lost your mount and your speed has greatly decreased. You're also a knight and your speed is not the best attribute. Coupled with the burden of the heavy armor, let's see how you can dodge my Sword Qi Multi-Slash!"

Swish!

Swish!

Swish!

Continuous sword qi burst forth from Qin Sheng's hands, enveloping the surroundings of the Ice Crystal Knight and completely sealing off his mobility.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

As a big shot with full battle experience, Ice Crystal Knight instantly analyzed the current situation. Since he could not dodge, he simply stood still and waved the Ice Crystal Spear in his hand crazily, exchanging blows with the golden sword energy that was flying towards him.

In an instant!

The sound of metal striking could be heard in the air.

"Really? Are you really a Silver Boss?"

Qin Qin Sheng was once again stunned.

The scene before him almost made him feel that this was not a virtual game but a real battle.

In a virtual game, how could his current stats not be able to suppress a Silver Boss?

And—

Was he serious?

How much damage was his current Holy Flame Sword Qi?

How much damage did Ice Crystal Knight's normal long spear deal?

This was completely different!

Yet.

This unequal attack really canceled each other out, not even causing the slightest bit of damage.

"Unbelievable, unbelievable, truly unbelievable!"

Qin Qin Sheng said three times in disbelief. The scene before him had truly exceeded his expectations.

It was able to make up for the difference in strength between the two sides without suffering any injuries.

This was not because Qin Sheng's attack was not good.

Instead—

The Ice Crystal Knight used his incomparable technique to parry all of Qin Sheng's sword qi perfectly.

What was parry?

For example, if you cut someone with a sword, they would use weapons or tools to block your sword and not land on him. This was parrying!

In the game world, parrying also existed, but based on this virtual data world, even parrying would only reduce the damage. According to the status of both sides' attack and defense, based on their individual attributes… it was extremely complicated!

Was there a parry that did not cause any damage?

Yes!

It was a perfect parry.

However, that only existed in theory. After all, there was basically no one whose attributes were exactly the same. It was also impossible for them to have that kind of ability and technique. Every time, they would be able to see the loopholes and flaws in the attack, and every time, they would be perfectly solved.

Except.

Now, Qin Sheng had witnessed it.

He had witnessed the legendary ultimate skill!

Damn it!

What if I really want to learn?

If he were to withdraw from the battle now, would he be regarded as a lunatic if he were to acknowledge the other party as his teacher?

"As expected of an existence born from the nourishment of divine power. Sigh, it's a pity that it's only spiritual intelligence. It's like a high-level elf creature of the Ice Elves. It doesn't have any profound intelligence. It doesn't even know how to speak!"

Qin Luo sighed. "I really hope that I can reach your level one day. How fierce!"

"Shadow Clone!"

His body swayed, and a shadow suddenly jumped out of Qin Sheng’s body, quickly moving behind the Ice Crystal Knight.

"A long period of defense can lead to a loss. If I maintain such an attack head-on, there will always be a moment when I break through your defense. But time waits for no man. Even if this is despicable, I can't control it!"

Qin Luo Sheng's main body attacked head-on and continued to suppress the Ice Crystal Knight. He split a portion of his consciousness to control the shadow that had split out and stabilized himself behind the Ice Crystal Knight. "Even if you can defend your front to the point where not even a drop of water can leak out, you can't possibly achieve 360 degrees of omnidirectional defense, right? Even if this shadow only has half of my attack, it's enough to break the current stalemate!"

At the next moment!

The shadow moved!

The [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] from the Mirror Replication, the Holy Flame Sword Aura from the Mirror Replication, poured down crazily and landed heavily on the back of the Ice Crystal Knight who could not be defended. (The Shadow Clone only had 50% of the original body's strength, but it could only use basic attacks and could not use skills. Equipment and whatnot were only duplicated appearances and had no effect. For example, the Holy Flame Sword Aura was just for a look. It did not have any holy attributes and had no additional effect on dark creatures.)

Bang…

With his back injured, the Ice Crystal Knight that was originally on par with Qin Luo instantly broke through!

Seizing this opportunity!

Qin Luo Sheng seized the loophole and attacked ferociously. Finally, he broke through the Ice Crystal Knight's spear screen and slashed in head-on.

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

…

How could the weak Ice Crystal Knight withstand the attacks of Qin Sheng, who had four or five augmentation skills? Its health points dropped drastically on the spot!

28%!

25%!

22%!

19%!

Soon.

Ice Crystal Knight's health points dropped to more than 20%!

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng changed his ferocious attack from a mad dog and sheathed his sword.

"This is the end!"

As he watched the Ice Crystal Knight break free from the Sword Qi Net, he did not stop at all. He wielded the Ice Crystal Spear and charged towards Qin Luo non-stop. Qin Sheng was unmoved. He looked at Qin Luo seriously and said, "I've saved this battle video. You're very strong. I'll learn from you. However, the battle has ended!"

Buzz…

The spear’s power was deep, releasing a sky shattering sound.

The Ice Crystal Knight charged towards Qin Sheng with the Ice Crystal Spear in his hands. The sharp spearhead pointed straight at Qin Sheng's throat!

Precise!

Swift!

Fierce!

As expected of an Ice Crystal Knight with terrifying combat talent. Not only was his defense impressive, his attack was also not bad. He was well versed in quick, accurate, and ruthless attacks. It was fine if he did not attack, but when he attacked, it was a sure-kill attack, ruthless and decisive.

What a pity!

It was already useless!

"Dragon Might!"

-36000000!

A huge damage number appeared above the Ice Crystal Knight's head.

In an instant.

As he charged forward with an indomitable will, the energy in his body dissipated, and his bright eyes dimmed.

The shot that carried conviction was less than 20 centimeters away from Qin Sheng's throat and could no longer advance.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Level 33 Silver Enhanced Boss Ice Crystal Knight. EXP gained: 230W + Reputation: 2300 points! '