Chapter 483: Call Me Daddy?

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the ice and snow guards standing before him with a face full of interest.

The first level was the Ice Spirit, a pure energy element!

The second time was when the snow demon created a beast with intelligence!

Now.

Another humanoid monster appeared on the third level?

The monster's strength went from Enhanced One Star Elite to Enhanced Three Star Elite.

Step by step!

Was this a dungeon?

"The number of Ice Fairies on the first level is around ten thousand. The number of Snow Demons on the second level is around five thousand. Half of them were directly cut down!”

Qin Luo Sheng guessed, "This is just like those dungeons. It makes sense. Even if half of the ice and snow guards on this level are no longer cut down, they will at most be around 3,000. However, this number has decreased, and their strength has increased accordingly. Although this is nothing to me, we don't know how many levels there are up there. There's not much time left, we have to hurry!"

The four girls nodded!

"Dragon Might!"

After augmenting it with many augmentation techniques, Qin Luo Sheng activated his dragon's might to its maximum extent and spread it out, frantically attracting hatred.

Qin Luo's rapid pace made him stand out like a light bulb in the pitch-black hall on the third level.

As long as the dragon's might could reach the area, the Ice Crystal Guards, who were wearing ice crystal armor and holding ice crystal spears and looked like Western knights, were all attracted by him.

"Let's fight!"

Once the holy flames were released, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], a legendary single-handed sword, appeared with golden flames burning on its blade.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

He swung wildly and slashed wildly!

Qin Luo Sheng was leaning against an ice crystal pillar, guarding against attacks on his back. Other than that, he was completely defenseless as he stood there and fought against over a thousand ice and snow guards.

A violent attack!

A strong division!

An invincible critical strike!

Plus—

Extreme attack speed!

At this moment, Qin Luo Sheng was completely like a tyrannosaurus in human form. Every second, at least one of the ice and snow guards would fall under his sword. They would either be hacked to death by the sword qi or die from the shockwaves of the split attack!

Experience points!

The spoils of war, starlight everywhere!

Monster corpses piled up like mountains!

The four girls were all stunned!

This scene.

They saw it.

In the palace of the Moon Temple, this man did the same thing.

It was too shocking!

If they did not see it with their own eyes, they would definitely not believe it.

How could a mere player do such a thing?

"Wow ~ ~ Big Brother Weeping Soul is so powerful!"

Peony’s eyes were shining like stars as she watched the man madly wielding his sword in the middle of the strange pile, her face filled with fascination.

"Yes!"

At the side, Danya Suhe could not help but nod. Her elegant face appeared even gentler and a faint smile appeared.

"Hmph, what's the big deal!"

Compared to the two girls who had a good impression of him, Qin Luo and Disheng's blood-soaked roses, which they did not get along with, were uncomfortable. They snorted unhappily and gnashed their teeth in hatred.

"This man…"

Sanguine Primrose remained silent, her beautiful eyes fixed on Qin Sheng. She did not shift her gaze away for even a second. On the surface, she looked calm, but her heart was already in turmoil. "His strength has grown even stronger!"

Qin Sheng naturally did not know what the spectators were thinking.

In the face of the wave after wave of attacks from the thousands of ice and snow guards, even though Qin Sheng was alone, he was the more powerful one. He had utterly defeated the ice and snow guards.

"The splitting effect of this holy flame is really awesome!"

He watched as his sword struck one of the Ice Snow Guards, and the five or six Ice Snow Guards beside him suffered the same fate. The huge damage number that appeared made him feel extremely comfortable.

“According to this rate of efficiency, it shouldn’t be long before we’ll be able to clear out the third floor, right?—Alright, work harder!”

Twenty minutes later!

As the last ice-snow guard fell to the ground, Qin Sheng was finally released from the endless sword dance.

Qin Luo panted heavily as he lowered his hands. The feeling of powerlessness almost made him think that his arms were broken.

"Is… is he still human?"

The four girls who had been watching the whole time were all dumbfounded. Looking at the corpses of thousands of Ice Snow Guards and the starlight all over the ground, they were all dumbfounded and speechless.

"What are you waiting for? Hurry up and collect your loot!"

Qin Sheng raised his brows when he saw the four girls standing there motionlessly. He could not help but shout, "Can't you see that it's being refreshed by the system? A lot of it has been refreshed just now. If we delay any longer, there won't be anything left!"

Qin Luo Sheng was heartbroken!

Normal monsters, no matter how strong they were, as long as they were not BOSSes, their corpses and loot would only last for five minutes!

Nearly twenty minutes of hard work.

God knew how many spoils of war had been swallowed by the cheating dog system!

But.

Under the pressure of the mission time, Qin Sheng could not be allowed to take his time step by step. He could only use such an extreme method to save time.

Sigh!

If I get it, I'm lucky. If I lose, I'm dead!

Even the Lich's loot was destroyed and he suffered such a huge loss. This was just a small scene!

Soon!

The four girls swept their loot into their backpacks!

"Rest for a few minutes and then set off!"

Qin Luo received the dividends from Sanguine Primrose and leaned against the pillar to recover his energy.

"Can you do it!?"

The Blood Rose couldn't help but provoke him again.

"Can I?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and sat on the ground. From the angle below, he swept a glance at the body of the Blood Rose that had exploded. Suddenly, a sinister smile appeared on his lips. "You'll know if I'm good or not after you give it a try. I guarantee that you'll call me daddy!"

"You…"

She was, after all, an elderly young woman who had stepped out of society. She definitely wouldn't be so innocent. The experienced, blood-soaked rose looked at Qin Sheng's strange smile and secret gaze and naturally understood in a second. She blushed on the spot.

"Call Daddy? Sister Rose, what do you mean? Why are you calling Big Brother Weeping Soul Daddy?"

The remaining three chicks, Sanguine Primrose and Tansyo, understood the meaning, and each had a different reaction. The Peony girl, who was the real Little Lily, was confused and completely confused. If she didn’t understand, she would ask. It was a very good habit. Unfortunately, the occasion she used it wasn’t quite right.

"Don't ask!"

Blood Rose's face turned even redder. Even if she was an experienced driver, she was still a virgin in theory. How could she tolerate such words?

Damn it!

The speed was too fast!

"This bastard is playing rogue!"

The Blood Rose gripped her staff tightly. Under her fiery red magic robe, her towering figure was heaving up and down in anger. The waves almost made Qin Luo Sheng's eyes pop out.

Tsk!

This girl!

Her mouth was a little broken, but her figure was truly invincible and charming!