Chapter 480: Level Nine Ice Fairy (3)

Fight?

What was the point of fighting?!!!

The other party was severely injured with one sword strike and two sword strikes. Furthermore, the surrounding monsters were all injured as well. From time to time, there would be Ice Spirits who did not even touch the Sword Aura and died suddenly.

Or—

He spat out a mouthful of fire magic, and the dragon fire engulfed the area and exploded among the monsters. Not only did it bring about terrifying lethality, but the dragon fire was also like maggots in one's bones, sticking to the Ice Spirit and not letting it go. Not only was it constantly burning, but it even ruthlessly ate and melted (Elemental Affinity Attribute Attribute Damage). It was simply invincible!

Such a combination!

Such efficiency!

What could they do?

If he went all out for a minute, he might not even be able to deal as much damage as a second!

Sigh!

Forget it!

Actually, being a salted fish was pretty good!

‘ Look.’

The starlight that covered the ground was so dazzling!

Yeah.

I love this job.

Isn't it nice to lie down and earn experience?

Why did he waste so much effort?

As it turned out.

Humans were creatures that could comfort themselves and find excuses.

Even the proud members of the Rose Society were no exception.

‘ Of course.’

Sanguine Primrose and the rest couldn't accept this.

Except.

There was nothing he could do about it.

This ability to kill monsters!

The efficiency of clearing monsters!

If they were to get involved, they would only create trouble for Weeping Soul Beast.

Even though the Ice Spirit's Hatred Points had been firmly pulled back by Weeping Soul, Weeping Soul had also gradually entered a good state, entering a perfect kite flying state.

The high speed, accurate prediction, and positioning caused 90% of the Ice Elves' attacks to miss. Among them, the majority of the Ice Elves were dragged along, unable to enter the attack range and unable to attack.

This was Weeping Soul Beast's stage, and no one could step in!

If they were to forcefully interfere now, they might be gone in a second.

After all.

Weeping Soul was fine. It was built on the ability to dodge most attacks and had explosive HP and impressive defense. It could withstand most attacks.

What about them?

There was no Weeping Soul Speed, no Weeping Soul Resistance, no Weeping Soul Defense, and no Weeping Soul super thick HP bar. When the Ice Elves' first round of attacks landed, if they couldn't dodge it, they would die. Even the Shield Warrior, Elegant Lotus, who could withstand it the most, was no exception.

…

Fight, stop, stop!

An hour later.

Qin Luo Sheng relied on one method and went back and forth three times, killing at least five thousand Ice Fairies before finally reaching the central region of the great hall.

After exerting all his strength to kill the last 20 Ice Fairies, Qin Sheng watched as he entered the CD state again. He touched the sweat on his forehead and temporarily stopped.

"Take your time to clean up the battlefield. There's no rush!"

Qin Luo Sheng let out a shaky breath and twisted his slightly sore arm. Looking at the four girls who were frantically picking up the spoils of war on the ground, he said slowly, "There's ten minutes of buffer time for the next ten minutes. There's no hurry!"

With that,

Ignoring the four girls, he continued to advance with his sword.

Leave the spoils of war to them, and leave the battle to him.

Yeah.

The division of labor was clear.

Reasonable!

Unfortunately, once these Ice Fairies died, their bodies would turn into ice crystals and then dissipate, leaving no corpses behind. This caused the collection technique to be completely useless.

This made Qin Sheng, the collecting maniac who loved materials no. 1, very disappointed.

"There are too many monsters, aren't there? D * mn system, not to mention the 24-hour chain mission, there are so many monsters. What a scam!"

As Qin Luo killed the Ice Spirit, he thought speechlessly, "Could this be the reason for the difficulty of [S] class? The monsters aren't strong, but their numbers are huge. Moreover, there's a restriction on the death of five people. This greatly increases the difficulty."

That must be it!

Or else.

There was no way to explain this!

Compared to the Moon Temple, an [S] class quest was too much of a stretch.

His level was only level 30 and his level was only that of an Enhanced One Star Elite. It did not match the strength of an S-rank mission at all!

"Is this because the quality is not enough and the quantity is not enough? This is too realistic!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked expressionlessly at the densely packed Ice Spirits in front of him. By conservative estimation, there were at least one or two thousand in his field of vision, and he instantly became numb.

I fucking hate Ice Elves!

"It's a good thing that Xiaoxiao is here. Otherwise, I would be exhausted if I had to clean up alone!"

Without the augmentation skill, Qin Luo Sheng did not remain idle either. However, he did not attract a large number of monsters at once like he did earlier. Instead, he killed them one by one or lured three to five of them together.

Since it wasn't a group fight, the girls naturally packed up their loot faster.

Soon.

Sanguine Primrose and the rest also joined the fray.

Qin Luo was alone in the army, while the four of them were alone in the team.

As for safety.

Qin Luo Sheng was not worried at all!

This was not the level 35 Moon Temple. What was there to be afraid of?

All of them had the blessing of the Flower Goddess, which guaranteed their survival in terms of resistance. The increase in all attributes guaranteed their lethality. In addition, after their trip to the Moon God Temple, all of them had undergone a huge change of equipment. At this moment, they were all wearing Gold equipment with extraordinary attributes. Not only did they manage to kill them, but they also killed them quite efficiently. After all, the attributes of the Ice Elves were not strong to begin with, and after being intimidated by the Dragon's Aura, all their attributes were reduced by 20%. It was quite trashy!

"Eh, wait, there's something wrong with this Ice Spirit!"

He advanced at a high speed.

While Qin Sheng was immersed in the killing, he suddenly saw an Ice Spirit that was different from the rest. He almost looked down with the sword in his hand. Fortunately, he had discovered it early enough and was quite familiar with controlling his strength. Only then did he retract his attack.

Probing skill!

Ice Fairy: Level 9, Level 1, wild state, easy to capture!

The information sent back by the detection technique simply made Qin Sheng overjoyed.

What is this?

This was a f*cking wild pet!

Ever since the Pet System opened, this was the first time he encountered a wild pet that he could capture!

There were three sources of pets:

Firstly, a pet store could purchase a pet egg or a finished product. The former required incubation and nurturing by oneself, which was very troublesome. As for the latter, even if these steps were omitted, as it was a completed product, it was already a mature pet. Its loyalty was not high, and it could easily betray its owner. Its rapport with its owner was also not good. When it came to fighting, its coordination was greatly affected.

Second, domestication. Learn domestication like the NPCs in pet shops. You can find any monster in the wild and use it. After successfully domestication, you can make it your pet. However, this method is very risky. After all, it is hard to tame a wild beast. Of course, there is a certain chance that the domesticated monster will turn into a pet egg. This way, you can raise it from a young age.

Thirdly, capturing. The prerequisite for capturing it was that it required either Taming Skills or Sealing Cards. The success rate of the former was low, while the success rate of Sealing Cards was relatively higher. Of course, all of this was conditional. To be able to capture or be sealed, the first requirement was that the pet had to be Level 1, wild, and could be captured.

Just like the Ice Spirit in front of him!