Chapter 496: Burning, Kirin Blood (3)

Perhaps other people only treated this place as a virtual world and these NPCs as data. When these things happened and the plot was edited, Qin Sheng could not do it.

A real person was not a person with a human appearance. A person with a real body of flesh and blood was called a person. It was a person with character, human nature, rationality that was different from a wild beast, understanding the law and following morality. This was a person!

There was no doubt that the NPCs in this virtual reality world were considered humans in Qin Sheng's eyes!

This was also the reason why when Wang Xiaomin was killed by the Wild Wolf King in the Beginner’s Village, he would be furious. When he saw the sorrow of the old man’s death, he would feel terrible. When he faced Luo Li and Mengmeng, he would feel happy and moved. When he heard about the encounter of the Undead Lich, he would feel the same way.

A resonance of emotions!

An exchange of thoughts!

Their hearts were intertwined!

These.

It formed a bridge between people's hearts.

Qin Qin Sheng was serious. He treated the NPCs in the eyes of others as living people. He treated them as enemies, friends, brothers, lovers…

This was no different from reality!

Maybe more.

But that was only the difference between reality and virtual reality!

At least.

When interacting and coexisting, real people and NPCs were the same to him!

"Ice crystal charming spirit, let's fight!"

Since logic did not make sense, the only solution was to use force.

Since ancient times.

No matter what era it was, no matter what stage it was, it was impossible to solve the problem with words alone. Even the Peerless Heaven guilds who had dominated the world back then could not do so.

Martial force!

This was the only standard to solve the problem!

"Hmph, arrogant brat!"

Because his goddess had been humiliated, the Ice Crystal Succubus had long been unable to endure it. Now that Qin Sheng had actually taken the initiative to challenge him, how the f*ck could he endure it? He opened his mouth on the spot, and an ice bullet about the size of a kirin melon was instantly formed. He then rushed towards Qin Sheng.

"Good timing!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared as his body swayed. With the support of his super high speed, he easily dodged the super long-range magic attack. At the same time, he continued to advance ferociously.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless ice bullets flew out of the ice crystal charming spirit's mouth.

This fellow.

Not only had he inherited the bloodline of the Ice Qilin, but he had also inherited the bloodline of the Ice Spirit Horse. His movement speed and magic talent were not weak either.

It could be attacked or received, close or far!

A BOSS that dual cultivated magic and martial arts was the most troublesome!

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng had dealt with quite a number of bosses like this as well. Practice made perfect, and he had a certain amount of experience.

Since Bosses could attack from afar and engage in close combat, he could do the same!

Under the collision.

Would he lose if he enhanced his attributes?

Unless the Boss was at the Epic stage!

Holy Flame's attack range + 5 meters, Sword Aura + 2 meters, a total of up to 7 meters. In this spacious hall, it was possible to engage in guerrilla warfare.

Qin Sheng had been boosted by the Order of Courage and was not under the control of the spirit-type. What could the Ice Crystal Succubus possibly do to him?

‘ Of course.’

It was not omnipotent to not be controlled by the mind!

The effects of fear, confusion, and hallucinations were ineffective. However, paralysis, paralysis, freezing, and petrification could still take effect.

Except.

There was a prerequisite for those negative effects that could take effect—one had to come into contact with Qin Sheng himself.

In front of Qin Sheng, who had a speed of thousands of points and tens of thousands of points, the ice-spirit could be considered an instantaneous ice bullet, but it was still unable to touch the corner of his clothes. Those attacks with negative effects wanted to hit?

Dream on!

"Slash, slash, slash…"

Endless sword energy scattered and golden flames burned. Even though the flames of the holy flames were holy flames, they could be considered a kind of concept flame and not a normal real flame. They had no special effect on the water element that clashed with the fire element. In addition, the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit was not a dark type existence, so its special effect was not effective.

However…

How terrifying was Qin Luo Sheng's current attack?

The special effects could not be used, but the powerful attack formed a solid sword aura. Even though the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit had the body of a Qilin, the sharp icicles on its body were like ice armor. It could not withstand the continuous attacks that seemed endless!

In particular, the [Coiling Dragon Water] attack had the special effect of [Dragon Fire]. Although it only dealt 3,000 points of fire damage, it was not a good feeling.

The [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] was even more terrifying. The Penetrating Damage of the [Army Breaker], which was empowered, was too much of a threat to its strong physical body. As long as it was triggered, even if it did not bleed, it would at least cause it endless pain. That damage was too high!

“Damned human brat!”

After a series of sword qi and ice bullets clashed, the ice-spirit could not land a hit on Qin Sheng's sword qi. It was completely crushed, causing the ice-spirit to lose its temper. It was completely enraged. "I will definitely turn you into an ice sculpture today. I will make you kneel in the shrine and feel ashamed for a thousand years!"

Whoa!

What a temper!

Just a moment ago, it was a hundred years. Now, the sentence was increased by ten times to a thousand years!

Good lord!

Damn!

You're really something!

Indeed!

In this virtual world, in the supernatural world, there were gods, devils, evil spirits, Buddhism, Daoism, and so on. There were all kinds of demons and ghosts, and it was extremely chaotic. Naturally, it was more obvious than the law of the jungle in the real world!

Strength was everything!

Strength was unique!

Exactly!

"So you're angry because you can't win? Are you starting to lose your temper? You're the descendant of a Kirin, an auspicious beast!"

Qin Qin Sheng mocked, "Kneeling down to repent to your goddess for a thousand years? If you're so awesome, why don't you go to heaven?"

“Hmph! What a waste of breath!”

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit snorted disdainfully and ignored Qin Sheng’s mockery. Its pair of azure dragon eyes, which were like perfect sapphires, suddenly emitted a dazzling light. “I hope you can still be so sharp-tongued later!—Qilin Blood, burn!”

Space vibrated!

A powerful aura was generated in an instant, and Qin Sheng immediately found it difficult to breathe.

“Roar ~ ~ ~ ~ ~”

The Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit let out a long howl into the sky, and its huge body was instantly surrounded by a thick icy blue light. It looked extremely beautiful, like an exquisitely crafted qilin ice sculpture.

However!

This sea of light was filled with indescribable killing intent.

At least.

Qin Luo Sheng had a mental breakdown!

"What the f*ck is this?"

Qin Luo, who had a livid expression, almost vomited from disgust.

The detection spell was activated, and the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit's health bar was still as high as 70%!

???

What happened, little brother?

Didn't he say that he would only go berserk when his Health Points dropped by 50%, 30%, and 10%?

What was he doing now?

You—

He did not care about morals!