Chapter 492: Regretful Blood Rose

"That bastard!"

Looking at Qin Luo and Sanguine Primrose, who were running ahead one after the other, the blood-soaked rose was filled with rage. Especially that hateful man, it made her gnash her teeth in anger.

To be able to become the vice president of the Rose Society and be the president of a listed company in the real world, how could Blood Rose be an idiot?

She had already sensed that something was wrong when she said those words!

Maybe.

In reality, she would not make this mistake.

Yet.

In this virtual world, everyone had put down their burdens, unlike in the cruel and hypocritical real world where they had to disguise themselves as much as possible.

But.

It was just a moment of relaxation, a moment of irrationality, a moment of not being able to control her emotions, and she had caused extremely serious trouble.

Due to differences in ideals, the Moon Temple had already had a conflict with Weeping Soul Beast when they faced the Lich.

Except.

At that time, due to the existence of the powerful enemy, the Lich, there was no infighting or falling out.

But it was different now.

Even though they were both S-rank quests, compared to the Moon Temple, the Ice Snow Temple was too easy. Perhaps, only the final BOSS, the Ice Goddess, could cause some trouble.

Yet.

He did not say those words when he was facing the Snow Goddess, but now.

In the Moon Temple, there were Silver Bosses everywhere. Gold Bosses were worse than dogs.

Even though the Ice Crystal Knight was stronger than a Gold Boss, he was still a Silver Boss. After witnessing the battle between the Weeping Soul Beast and the Undead Lich, she naturally knew how terrifying this man was.

Wanting to use the Ice Crystal Knight to distract this man so that he would not have the time to think about what he just said was obviously a fantasy.

"Do I really have to apologize to that bastard?"

Blood Rose, City-Toppling Peony, Elegant Spring Lotus, and the rest of the party followed behind Sanguine Primrose as they chased after the leader of the party, Weeping Soul Beast. Looking at the man who was wielding two swords, her eyes flickered with uncertainty.

She, who came from an extraordinary family and was naturally arrogant, had never suffered such humiliation before.

Of all the men she had interacted with, those who were not qualified were her bootlickers. Which one of them was not polite to her?

Having grown up in such an environment, she had always looked down on men!

This was also why she was already in her twenties and her body was so well-developed, yet she was still a theoretical veteran, the real Xiao Meng Xin?

"For Little Qiangwei and for the Rose Society, I will endure this!"

Having experienced too many business wars, Rose was already used to scheming against each other. After all, she was a strong woman and could take things as they pleased. She also knew that if she angered Weeping Souls, it might not be a big deal because of various reasons. However, her personal safety was not a problem, but Rose would be in trouble.

As the vice president, she knew many secrets!

Among them.

Naturally, this included the fact that the Elegance Pavilion had made use of the Weeping Soul Technique. Just what kind of terrifying profits had they obtained?!

Initially, the Elegance Pavilion was only ranked third. During this period of time, its strength had increased exponentially and it was already moving towards the throne of third place. If it continued to develop like this, perhaps one day, it would really have the qualifications to challenge the number one union with the East Imperial Preceptor and the number two union with a Martial Emperor.

The Rose Society was originally established by a group of women who were unwilling to lose to men and gradually developed!

They were extremely ambitious. Who wouldn't be jealous when they saw this?

Fortunately.

As the leader of the Primrose Militia, Sanguine Primrose had never let them down.

Last time, the Moon Temple tried to rope him in and establish a friendly relationship!

During this trip to Tear Snow Village, they had strengthened their relationship and further consolidated it!

Like this.

Changing things silently was quite terrifying. Perhaps Weeping Soul Beast would unknowingly fall into their trap and fall into a gentle village, becoming their Rose Society's ace fighter and all-purpose tool.

Everything seemed to be developing towards the most beautiful vision!

But!

This beautiful vision was completely destroyed by her words.

Blood Rose never expected that a man would be so temperamental and extremely petty. Facing such a delicate beauty like her, he would immediately turn hostile with just one sentence.

Damn!

…

"Nothing unusual?"

When Qin Luo made up his mind to shed all pretense of cordiality with the four girls who had been completely abandoned behind his back, he naturally no longer paid attention to them. As a "mercenary" who worked for money, the only thing that could be associated with them now was the mission this time. Once the mission ended, they would part ways and never meet again.

How could he complete the mission?

The exact details were still unknown.

After all.

This mission was a f*cking phase mission. Who knew what the mission content would be?!!

Still.

The purpose of this mission was very clear.

Plus.

The Main Storyline Mission revolved around the Snow Goddess.

Finding the Goddess of Snow was naturally the greatest mission.

As for what happened next…

Was he going to get rid of the Snow Goddess or let her clear her name? Everything would be decided by the system. There was no point thinking about it here.

Since the first goal was to find the Snow Goddess, then the most important thing was to directly pass through this Ice Snow Shrine and climb up the levels.

As expected.

The Snow Goddess was definitely at the top of this temple.

The first four levels.

One, two, three. They were all trash monsters. They did not weigh much!

On the fourth level, there was a clear difference. There were many different types of monsters, from Warriors to Mages, from Archers to Assassins. There were all kinds of jobs. This was one of them. The other was that there was a huge increase in strength and the existence of a guardian Boss.

Now.

Fifth floor.

He barged straight in.

Previously, he had thought that it was a hidden monster that was preparing to launch a sneak attack. Who would have thought that it would run all the way here quietly without any abnormalities? It seemed like it was indeed empty.

"I'm afraid the Boss guarding this level is not easy to deal with!"

As he ran, Qin Luo was thinking about the Ice Crystal Knight he had just killed.

That guy.

The attributes on the interface were not strong, but his combat talent was really terrifying.

Against trash like him who relied solely on his attributes to crush him, his combat talent and combat experience were extremely poor. He really had a huge advantage.

He would not see her.

How long could the Silver and Gold Bosses of the Moon Temple last?

And yet…

The Ice Crystal Knight did not last for a long time, but the trouble it caused him was unprecedentedly huge. It allowed him to avoid close combat without fear for the first time.

“Well, what’s that?”