Chapter 498: Xiaoxiao And Ice Crystal Spirit, Dragon Qilin Fight!

Indeed!

Even though Hunting Tiger was the highest level skill, it had yet to mature. Against a powerful existence, there was no way to maximize its effects.

The Ice Crystal Succubus was indeed the Snow Goddess's mount. At that moment, the Qilin Mutant that had ignited its Qilin Blood could not weaken the Hunting Tiger's effects even by ordinary Epic-ranked beings. However, it managed to cancel out the effects for two seconds!

"Three seconds?"

Qin Sheng charged towards the Ice Crystal Succubus, who had lost control of his body and was pacing back and forth in fear. "Although it's not enough, there's no problem with the battle arrangement!"

"Berserk—Heavy Strike!"

A heavy sword without a sharp edge was a big coincidence.

The incomparably sharp [Coiling Dragon Water], which carried both the Ice and Fire Twin Dragon Souls, was used by Qin Sheng as a heavy sword without a sharp edge. He ruthlessly smashed it towards the throat of the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit.

"Ding… your skill Berserk Heavy Strike has taken effect, causing the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit to be severely injured. All attributes will be weakened by 20%!"

Without entering the Epic stage, even if one's strength was comparable to the Epic stage, their grade would still be a disadvantage. They would still not be immune to the effects of the Epic skill [Brutal Strike].

Ice crystal charming spirit was exactly like this!

Furthermore!

The Goddess of Luck finally could not stand the shameless operation of the dog system anymore and stood on Qin Sheng's side once again, triggering a serious injury and reducing the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit's all attributes by 20% (excluding Life Magic)!

Dragon Might: 20%!

Berserk Strike: 20%!

You Ice Crystal Charm Spirit can burn the Qilin Blood to enhance yourself, but can't I weaken you?

A total of 40% weakening. Although it could not be compared to an increase, Qin Sheng was very satisfied!

Next—

Let's fight!

"Summon Xiaoxiao!"

When players fought a BOSS, if they did not do a righteous group fight, how could they be considered fighting a BOSS?

Qin Luo Sheng immediately summoned the newly evolved Xiaoxiao without hesitation!

True Dragon and Qilin!

This battle scene should be very shocking, right?

"Roar!"

As expected.

The moment Xiaoxiao was summoned, her dragon eyes locked onto the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit.

Dragon and qilin!

One was the king of the water dwellers, the ruler of the rivers and lakes!

One of them was the king of beasts, the prideful roar of the mountains and forests!

Even though they weren't incompatible like fire and water, they were both king tiers, so they naturally followed the rule of 'two tigers cannot share one mountain'. After all, only one king tier was allowed to exist in a single space!

Furthermore…

Right now, both parties had their own masters. One wanted to protect the Goddess of Snow, while the other followed Qin Sheng's will.

As such,

Hostility was naturally 100%!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

There was no need for Qin Luo to give the order. Little Tiny had already revealed its ten-meter long dragon body and was swimming in the air. Its dragon mouth was wide open, and the space instantly became hot. That was the temperature produced by the eruption of the fire element!

Well done!

Fire and water do not coexist, restraining each other.

To deal with an ice attribute existence like the Ice Crystal Succubus, using the weakest power against the earth attribute was better than using the most violent and destructive fire attribute.

“Vicious Destruction!”

Qin Sheng was not idle either.

Three seconds of fear.

The Berserk Heavy Strike was charged in one second. One slash and summon of Xiaoxiao had gone another second. There was only one second left. He had to make good use of it.

Under the control of his left hand, the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] turned into a series of afterimages and rapidly struck the horn on the Ice Crystal Succubus' forehead!

Crack!

A crisp sound entered Qin Luo's ears.

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's horn was broken?

"F*ck, almost!"

Qin Sheng, who was pleasantly surprised, looked up and his face instantly fell.

It was broken, but only a crack appeared. It was not completely broken.

"D * mn, the difference in size is too big. This horn is almost bigger than my person. With this brutal and violent Triple Slash, even if it triggers the breaking effect, it's impossible to cut off this horn!"

Qin Qin Sheng was unwilling to give up and wanted to seize the opportunity to give chase.

Yet.

How could the ice crystal charming spirit, which had recovered from its fear state, become a target and be at the mercy of others?

"How dare you hurt my Qilin horn? Human brat, you've completely angered me!"

As the most precious part of the Qilin, the ice crystal charming spirit naturally noticed the damage to the Qilin horn immediately.

In just a few seconds, the indestructible Qilin horn that represented the dignity of a Qilin was broken through. It was broken through by a weak human. The Ice Crystal Succubus was furious. "I will definitely grind your bones to dust!"

"Oh, oh, oh, I'm getting anxious, I'm getting anxious!"

Qin Luo Sheng said in a peculiar tone, "Didn't you want to freeze me and make me kneel here without being able to turn the tables? Why, have you changed your mind so quickly?"

“Bastard!”

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit roared and swung its head, opening its mouth to bite Qin Sheng who was in front of it.

Bang…

Except.

At this moment, an orange-red flame bullet suddenly struck the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit’s face, leaving a charred mark on its originally blue face.

“Dragon?”

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit seemed to have been ruthlessly slapped in the face. Its head staggered, almost causing its body to be pushed back as well. Furious, it turned around, wanting to see who was stirring things up. However, what entered its eyes was a True Dragon that bared its fangs and brandished its claws, releasing a biting cold dragon might.

"True Dragon?"

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit was stunned. Even though it was a mixed blood of a Qilin, it still had the blood of a Qilin in its body. Naturally, it could sense the small bloodline of a Divine Beast.

Exactly!

The ice crystal charming spirit was almost scared to death!

Not to mention a mixed blood qilin like him, even if his father came, a true pure-blooded ice qilin's bloodline density and bloodline height would definitely not be as high as this lord in front of him!

"No, that's not right. This aura is indeed that of a True Dragon, and its bloodline is extremely powerful!"

After all, it had followed the Snow Goddess everywhere and had fought countless battles. The Ice Crystal Charm Spirit was extremely knowledgeable. After being shocked, it immediately realized something was wrong. "But it's only a young dragon in its growth stage. Moreover, it seems to have signed a blood contract with this brat in front of it. It's being dragged down by this brat, and its strength is greatly suppressed!"

Qin Luo Sheng was instantly rendered speechless!

F*ck!

Do you know how to speak?

What do you mean by being dragged down by me?

What do you know!

After signing a contract with me, even though my Health Points and Mana Points have dropped to the level of players, unlike the millions of Legendary ones, Xiaoxiao still has the ability that you don't have.

If you die, you are really dead!

"Xiaoxiao died and became like us players. She only dropped levels and became weak for a period of time!

With an undying body and a master with a bright future, how can Le Se compare to you?

“I’ll cut—”

Qin Luo Sheng attacked ferociously. His hands danced wildly and his feet moved swiftly. Under the gigantic body of the Ice Crystal Succubus, he was like a butterfly fluttering through flowers. Although he seemed to be in a perilous situation every time, he seemed to be about to attack every time. However, he was just a little short of brushing past Qin Luo.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

After a series of forceful attacks, the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit paled in comparison to Qin Luo and Sheng's telepathic connection. It was unable to support itself from both sides and was unable to withstand the shameless attacks of these two hooligans.

“Bastard!”