Chapter 491: Unexpected Surprise, Pet Egg Get ￥

"You are taking off now, leaving me behind!"

Qin Qin Sheng caressed Xiao Xiao, who had returned to her dazed state and was now lying on his shoulder with a face full of smiles.

"Wu wu wu ~ ~ ~ ~”

Xiaoxiao was very cooperative as well. She used her cute dragon horns to push Qin Luo's hands and made cute sounds. She almost melted Qin Luo's heart.

"Weeping Soul, that was…"

At this moment, the four girls from Rose Society rushed over. All four of their beautiful eyes were focused on Xiaoxiao, and their eyes were burning with passion.

"It's nothing. The pet has evolved!"

Qin Luo Sheng furrowed his brows. Initially, he did not want to have any more interactions with these women. However, when he thought about the fact that he still had to carry out the mission together and also get 2,000 crystal coins from Sanguine Primrose, he still replied in a distant manner.

"Legendary pet, evolution?"

The girls could no longer remain calm.

It was already f*cking Legendary, and it still wanted to evolve?

Isn't this too sick?

If you continue like this, how are we, people who don't even have trashy fifth-level pets, going to live?

"Pack up the spoils of war and prepare to head to the next level!"

Qin Luo Sheng said indifferently. Then, ignoring the four girls, he squatted down by himself and performed a harvesting technique on the Snow Unicorn Horse's corpse!

Ding… congratulations on collecting spirit beast meat * 3! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spirit beast meat * 5! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spirit beast meat * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting complete pelt * 1! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spirit beast meat * 6! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spiritual horn 1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Pet Egg * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What!

“It seems like I just heard something incredible?!!!

He quickly opened his backpack!

After a series of ruckus.

Qin Luo lifted up the spirit beast meat and other miscellaneous items and saw an egg the size of a watermelon!

[Pet Egg (Snow Unicorn)]

Type: Pet Egg

Grade: Silver

Effect: Incubating pets

Introduction: The spirit beast egg of the Snow Unicorn Horse can hatch into a young Snow Unicorn Horse.

Pet egg!

It was actually a pet egg!

Qin Luo was instantly stunned.

"Weeping Soul, you…"

Sanguine Primrose's sharp eyes immediately caught sight of the egg in Qin Sheng's hands. Her beautiful eyes widened and her breathing quickened as she asked, "This… this is a pet egg?"

"Yes!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not say anything and merely nodded in response.

"Are you selling it?"

Sanguine Primrose's face was filled with hope.

Even if she had a level-nine Ice Spirit, who would complain about having too many good pets?

Even if you could only summon one pet to fight each time, there was no limit to raising pets as long as you had so many pet spaces.

Pets were the same as players. They were divided into different categories and had different characteristics. Naturally, their abilities were also different.

The Ice Spirit was a magic-type pet, and it was an ice-type magic from a water-type side branch. As for this pet egg, one did not need to look to know that it was the Snow Unicorn Horse’s pet egg. No one knew what it was, but it was definitely not a magic-type.

If he had two pets, one physical and one magic, wouldn't he be able to use them in different places and in different times to summon pets with advantages?

Or worse!

If he didn't use it, wouldn't it be nice to give this pet to his sisters and raise the strength of the Rose Society's higher-ups?

"Not selling!"

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng's words were incomparably cold, without any room for negotiation, knocking Sanguine Rose out of her beautiful fantasy.

"This guy!"

Sanguine Primrose stared at the back view of the departing Sanguine Primrose, and for the first time in her life, she felt an urge to go crazy. She had always been good at controlling her emotions, and she almost lost control of her emotions.

"Hmph!"

Sanguine Primrose coldly snorted: "I'll see how arrogant you are then. When I find you in the real world, Qin Sheng, let's see if you still dare to glare at me!"

"What a lucky trip!"

After a small evolution and the joy of obtaining a pet egg, Qin Sheng's mood instantly turned for the better. He was extremely pleased.

He walked to the Ice Crystal Knight's corpse and cast a few Collecting Skills.

Unfortunately.

The Ice Crystal Knights did not have any good items on them. They only collected a few pieces of hard ice crystals that could be used to forge armor, similar to ice crystal armor.

“Is it hatching now?”

While the girls were checking the spoils of war, Qin Sheng looked at the pet egg in his hand and wanted to hatch it. However, after some thought, he stuffed it back into his backpack.

The Ice Elves were already born, and the starlight miracle could not work.

But this pet egg was different. Perhaps the starlight miracle was effective.

Except.

Now, under the eyes of the Rose Society, the Starlight Miracle could not be exposed. He could only endure it. After the mission was completed, he would go home and look again.

Furthermore!

This pet's egg was collected and not exposed. Even Sanguine Primrose, who had seen it with her own eyes, did not know that it was only a Silver tier pet's egg. Even if the starlight miraculously sublimated, she would only think that it had always been like this.

"Speaking of which, what level should a Silver Pet Egg correspond to? It seems to be Level 6 or 7?"

Pets ranged from Level 1 to Level 9, followed by Epic, Legendary, and excluding Bronze, Silver, and Gold.

Level 1 was a non-mainstream pet. Level 2 and 3 corresponded to the Iron rank. Level 4 and 5 corresponded to the Bronze rank. Level 6 and 7 corresponded to the Silver rank. Level 8 and 9 corresponded to the Gold rank!

"Let's hope the Starlight Miracle works!"

Qin Luo Sheng prayed to himself secretly. "I don't need to jump from one stage to another and instantly become an Epic-ranked pet. As long as I reach Gold-rank and hatch it into a level-nine pet, I'll be satisfied!"

Keep the pet egg!

At this moment.

The spoils of war from Rose Society were also tabulated.

As per their previous agreement.

The crystal coins, Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and other special items belonged to Qin Luo. Some of the equipment belonged to him, while the rest could be sold to the Rose Society at a normal price.

This condition was very harsh.

Still.

Who told Qin Sheng to kill the boss single-handedly from the beginning to the end? They were all just there to watch.

It was good enough to have experience points, and those pieces of equipment were also good stuff. At least when they were circulated to the market, it was far more than the price they had paid for Qin Sheng.

In that case,

It was a win-win situation!

…

Ice Snow Shrine!

Fifth level!

“Hmm? Are there no minions on this floor?”

Compared to the fourth level, the fifth level was clearly much smaller.

Qin Luo looked left and right, but there was not even a shadow.

"This is very comfortable!"

Although he lacked the experience of an elite monster, he had saved his stamina and time. This was a good thing for Qin Luosheng!

"Follow!"

Looking at Qin Sheng who was already sprinting towards the front, Sanguine Primrose, who had just stepped out of the spiral staircase and into the fifth floor of the great hall, gritted her teeth as a trace of anger flashed across her eyes. However, she still managed to restrain herself. After saying this, she took the lead and ran after him.