Chapter 494: Burning, Kirin Blood (1)

"This… this is a Gold Boss?"

"No wonder it looks so outstanding. It turns out that it has the bloodline of a Qilin!"

"Not only that! This Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit is also the Snow Goddess's mount and has been contaminated with the Snow Goddess' divinity!"

"So beautiful! If I had such a mount, how great would that be?"

"…"

In an instant.

The chat became lively.

All sorts of comments made Qin Luo's lips twitch.

A kirin as a mount?

How dare you think of that!

Why don't you go to heaven?

He was just a player, yet he wanted to be like a god and use a mythical beast as a mount?

Eh…

Then again,

This did not seem impossible!

I can even f*cking take a True Dragon as a pet, so why can't I take a mere hybrid Qilin?

You have to know.

Xiaoxiao had the true bloodline of a True Dragon. The purebred ones were even stronger than the Dragon Emperor's bloodline. She was born at the legendary level. Her potential and talent were both unpredictable and terrifying.

In comparison.

This Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit was merely a hybrid of a Qilin Branch Ice Qilin and a spirit beast called Ice Spirit Horse.

In truth, the ice crystal charming spirit was not even qualified to carry Xiaoxiao's shoes.

Coincidentally.

The pet had Xiaoxiao, but the mount was still empty.

Now, he was riding the Ferghana horse in the system's shop. It was far from being able to keep up with the pace.

If there was a mount like the Ice Crystal Succubus that was super good-looking, cool-looking, and had good bloodline talents, that would be great!

Putting aside the fact that he could increase his strength, he would definitely be able to get 120% of the Reputation Points if he rode it out. To him, it was also an opportunity to increase his reputation.

"Unfortunately, this is just a thought!"

Qin Sheng shook his head at the end of his fantasy and tossed this unrealistic thought out of his mind. "As the mount of the Snow Goddess, how could the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit submit to a player? Stop dreaming!"

…

A few minutes later!

Qin Qin Sheng's skills had all been cooled down!

"Since there is no chance to tame it as a mount, I can only 'ruthlessly destroy the flower'!"

Qin Sheng's expression was stern as he looked at the Ice Crystal Succubus that was still sleeping soundly. He gripped his two swords tightly, his killing intent boiling. "To be honest, if I had a choice, I really wouldn't want to kill such a mutated Qilin. Unfortunately, you're blocking the way!"

“Potential Potion!”

“Strong Berserk Potion!”

"Strong Steel Medicine!"

“Strong Gale Pellet!”

First, he consumed the elixirs to increase his basic attributes as much as possible. Talismans were more suitable, but there was no need to kill a chicken with a butcher's knife. Talismans were bought with crystal coins. There was no need to waste them on a mere Gold Boss.

Plus.

Previously, he had told the members of the Rose Society that the talisman was kept at home and not brought out.

Even if everyone knew that it was a lie, Qin Luo could not be so thick-skinned as to lie first and then overturn his own words with a straight face.

The potion instantly took effect!

Following that…

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Heart of Courage!"

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Swish!

Qin Luo's body was like an arrow that had left the bowstring as he charged towards the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit with his sword.

Roar!

If the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit, which was sound asleep, did not wake up from such a shock, then it would not be sleeping soundly, but lying dead. It woke up instantly and sensed Qin Sheng's targeted killing intent. Its entire body tensed up as it let out a roar that shook the surroundings.

"So powerful!"

Strong winds blew, and the might of the attack shook.

Qin Qin Sheng’s sudden advancement suddenly halted as he felt a strong wind pressure assaulting him, causing his body to become unstable as if he was about to be blown away.

"As expected, we can't rely on the attributes given by the dog system to deal with these beasts. These guys are like huge monsters with hidden special abilities!"

The heavy sword stabbed into the icy ground, stopping the body from being blown away. Qin Sheng looked in shock at the imposing Ice Crystal Charming Spirit. The desire that had been suppressed previously was now rising wildly.

I really want it!

This mount!

I really want it!

However—

It was just a thought!

The other party was a Boss, and it was a Qilin Mutant. It was not a common item, so where could he find one?

And this one?

‘ You’re thinking about P’s?’

The other party had already grown to such a state and was even a BOSS. Furthermore, he was following a big shot like the Snow Goddess. His horizons were extremely high. Even if it was a Grandmaster-level beast taming skill, it was basically useless.

With his mediocre beast taming skills, it was best not to embarrass himself!

Besides.

Fate Dimension stated that the difficulty of taming a Boss was ten times higher than normal monsters!

What else was there to think about?

Give up!

"Human, how dare you trespass into the Holy Temple of the Goddess. Hurry up and leave. Otherwise, don't blame me for starting a massacre!"

After a roar, the Ice Crystal Succubus spoke in human language. Her voice was calm and filled with dignity. She was indeed worthy of being a descendant of a divine beast and an existence that followed a god. She was truly extraordinary.

"Greetings, Senior!"

Since it could speak, it meant that it was different from the previous monsters that had only gained sentience and were ignorant without evolving intelligence. It could probably communicate.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng was currently in a state of amplification and did not dare to waste it at all. Otherwise, if the negotiations were to fall through and the amplification effect were to disappear for nothing, he would lose the capital to fight back. Wouldn't that mean that he would be at the mercy of others?

"We are here for the matter of Tear Snow Village!"

Time was of the essence, but Qin Sheng could not just sit there and do nothing. He could only speak very quickly and skip the test. He did not need to shoot his mouth off. He only needed to say one sentence and if they could not come to an agreement, he would show his true colors.

"Shut up!"

Upon hearing the words “Snow Tear Village”, the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit’s expression suddenly changed. The power that had just been extinguished rose once again. “This is not something that you can interfere with. Let me give you a piece of advice. There will never be a tomorrow in that place. There will never be sunlight. It will forever be a world of ice and snow. All of you, leave!”

“Senior, we have also heard about the grudges between the Snow Tear Village and the Snow Goddess.”

Qin Luo Sheng's body that was about to move paused for a moment. He resisted the urge to start a war and squeezed out a few seconds before saying, "As a god, I think the Snow Goddess shouldn't be so heartless. The Snow Tear Village indeed deserves it, but after decades, those people who offended the goddess back then are basically no longer alive. They have also received the punishment they deserve. The next generation is innocent."

"I will not care about our grudges!"

How could such a low-spirited mouth cannon shake a determined person like the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit? It said, "This noble one will only listen to the orders of the goddess. Since the goddess has no intention of forgiving the Tear Snow Village, then this noble one will naturally obey the will of the goddess! All of you, don't say anything more!"