Chapter 493: God'S Mount: Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit

The fifth level didn't have much space.

Qin Luo Sheng only ran for a few minutes before reaching the end.

The familiar spiral staircase came into view. It was the staircase that led to the next level.

Yet.

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze did not land on the spiral staircase. Instead, it landed on the monster who was lying prone at the top of the staircase, resting with its eyes closed.

"This guy…"

Even from a great distance away, Qin Sheng could still feel an awe-inspiring might emanating from the monster's body, which shocked him.

This might was different from an ordinary BOSS!

This BOSS was definitely not an ordinary BOSS!

At least.

Qin Luo Sheng had only felt such a suppressive might from an Epic BOSS. Although it seemed a little weaker, the level of this might definitely belonged to that level.

"F*ck, no way!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe it. "That was a Silver-tier BOSS just now. Now, he skipped the Gold-tier and went straight to the Epic stage? Isn't this too unreal?"

But.

So what if you don't believe me?

That might could not fool anyone!

Even if this monster wasn’t at the Epic stage, it was definitely one that was extremely close to the Epic stage. Perhaps with a little stimulation, it could easily go on a rampage and evolve. It could be a ferocious person who had stepped into the Epic stage. Uh, a ferocious beast!

"She's about five meters long and about three meters tall."

Qin Luo looked at the monster's body seriously and analyzed it carefully. "Its entire body is azure in color, like the color of the ocean. It doesn't seem to match with the Ice Goddess, but this guy is definitely of the ice attribute. It doesn't count as leaving orbit."

"Looks like a lion? No, it looks like a qilin! Lion head, tiger eyes, elk body, dragon scales, cow tail. Although there are some differences, they are very similar. The only difference is that the original antlers have turned into sharp horns. Also, the body seems to have sharp barb icicles. Other than looking more handsome, it also looks more murderous!"

At this moment.

Sanguine Primrose and the three girls behind her arrived one after another.

Following Qin Luo's line of sight, the monster that looked like an ice qilin came into view, and his breathing quickened.

Humans were visual animals.

Women were even more so.

Regardless of whether it was the bright blue flowing lights or the cool and handsome appearance of the ice qilin, as long as one had a normal sense of aesthetics, no one would dislike it.

"This Boss!"

Sanguine Primrose let out a light breath as she looked at Qin Sheng and asked, "Is it very troublesome?"

According to her understanding of Qin Sheng, if he was not difficult to deal with, this man would have long charged forward with his sword. Besides, because of their falling out, this guy would be even more aggressive if he wanted to get rid of them quickly.

But.

But now, he did not move.

This…

Other than the fact that the BOSS was very troublesome, there was no other reason!

"…"

Qin Luo Sheng did not pay attention to Sanguine Rose. Instead, he walked forward quietly.

One step, two steps, ten steps…

One meter, two meters, ten meters…

"It seems that this place is too peaceful, which has lowered this guy's vigilance!"

Qin Sheng heaved a sigh of relief when the Ice Qilin did not wake up even after he had reached the effective distance of the detection technique.

He was afraid that it would suddenly wake up before he could even touch its bottom and not give him any chance.

Fortunately.

It was very flattering.

A good comrade!

Probing skill!

[Ice Crystal Charm Spirit (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 35

Health Points: 2000000

Mana: 850000

Physical Attack: 12,000

Magic Attack: 15000

Physical Defense: 5000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 3,500

Skills:???

Introduction: A mutated Qilin with Qilin blood in its body belongs to the side branch of the Ice Qilin lineage. It has a horn on its forehead and wears an ice armor. It has a powerful ability to control ice. Not only has it inherited the physique and godhood of the Ice Qilin, but it has also inherited the magical talent of the Ice Spirit Horse. As it has been following the Snow Goddess for a long time and has been fighting everywhere as her mount, it has been contaminated with some of the Snow Goddess's divine power. Currently, it is still in its growth stage, and its bloodline and talent have yet to be fully developed. Furthermore, because of a big battle, it is heavily injured, causing its strength to decrease greatly!

Holy shit!

Qin Sheng felt his scalp tingle when he saw the attributes.

2,000,000 Health Points. Physical Attack and Magic Attack both exceeded 10,000. Physical Defense and Magic Defense increased by 5,000 points. Speed: 35,000!

This was a f*cking Gold Boss?

Looking at the introduction again—

Oh!

So it was really a qilin with the bloodline of the ice qilin. Then it was fine!

A descendant of a divine beast.

Even if he was a mixed-blood, he must have inherited an extraordinary power. With this attribute, it was not surprising.

Fortunately.

There was no such thing as a scam in the system.

This was a half qilin horned horse with the bloodline of the Ice Qilin and was called the Ice Crystal Succubus. Due to the battle between the Snow Goddess and the Flame God, the Snow Goddess had lost her memories and her strength had greatly decreased.

No wonder.

Just now, he sensed that its aura was terrifying, but now, it was only a Gold Boss.

It turned out to be the same as the Undead Lich. It was the aura created by his previous strength, but now, it had fallen due to his injuries.

"It's not going to be easy!"

Qin Qin Sheng furrowed his brows, feeling somewhat helpless.

This type of BOSS whose strength decreased due to various reasons was the most troublesome.

After all.

You can’t look at it with panel attributes and common sense.

Who knew when this fellow would erupt with a small universe?

Still.

It shouldn't be a big problem.

Even the Undead Lich, who had recovered his strength to the Legendary stage, was killed.

This was just a Gold-tier BOSS. Its mission rating was only at [S] class. No matter how impressive it was, could it really fly?

Except.

Ice crystal charming spirit was nothing to worry about, but the ice snow goddess behind it was a bit difficult to deal with.

If he used too many trump cards in the battle with the Ice Crystal Succubus, he would not be able to use much cards in the battle with the Snow Goddess, and his chances of winning would naturally decrease.

"I don't care anymore!"

The most taboo thing to do in a battle is to hesitate. In any case, no matter what, we have to make a move. Since that’s the case, then we’ll have to do it for a reason!

? ll be done! Just be reckless!”

However!

He had to wait a little longer.

Because it had been less than ten minutes since he killed the Ice Crystal Knight, several augmentation skills were still in CD mode!

"Weeping Soul, what attributes does the Boss have?"

Sanguine Primrose did not dare to say anything, so she changed the topic to the party chat.

Qin Luo Sheng initially wanted to ignore them, but he was afraid that these women were up to no good. If he were to awaken the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit now, that would be terrible.

So—

Thinking about it, he still shared the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's attributes in the team channel.