Chapter 497: Burning, Kirin Blood (4)

"Damn it, I can't accept this!"

This was Qin Sheng's heartfelt roar!

Could a mythical beast do whatever it wanted?

Could a Godly Beast not follow the rules of the system?

What's there to play at?

From the looks of it, wouldn't he have to be more careful when fighting against such existences in the future, and be on guard against going berserk at any time?

Or rather…

The Ice Crystal Succubus was burning the Qilin Blood in its body. It wasn't going berserk under the system's rules, but was doing it normally?

When Qin Qin Sheng thought of this, he was stunned on the spot!

Was this f*cking normal?

It was suffocating!

If that was the case, how fierce would it be when it went berserk under the rules of the system?

If even the Snow Goddess's mount was so powerful, then how terrifying would the real Snow Goddess be?

Can we players still play?

Do you still want us to live?

Why not!

Everyone should wash up and go home to sleep?

It wasn't that they didn't work hard, but that the enemy was f*cking cheating!

He really couldn't take it!

Shit! Shit!

Ding… Ice Crystal Succubus Burning Qilin Blood. Obtained Qilin Body. All attributes + 100%. Physical Attack + 100%. Magic Attack + 100%. Physical Critical Hit + 30%. Magic Range + 30%! Duration: 5 minutes! '

Qin Sheng:…

Holy shit!

Is this how you cheat?

Shameless?

I only f*cking opened a small window and no backseat, and you directly teleported and locked me?

This was too much!

"No!"

As he watched Qin Luo transform from his hybrid form into the legendary qilin, he was greatly shaken and instantly changed his battle strategy.

At this moment, if he did not change his mind, he would definitely die slowly!

"Fortunately, I didn't have much time to talk just now. I haven't lost the capital to fight back!"

Qin Luo glanced at his own condition and checked the Ice Crystal Succubus's condition. He heaved a sigh of relief. "However, the situation has changed drastically. I can't continue to engage in long-range attacks with this guy who's leisurely and carefree. Whatever, let's get restless then! Although this guy's strength has increased greatly, he hasn't broken through to the Epic stage yet. I still have a chance."

"Dragon Might!"

-800,000!

A huge damage number appeared above the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's head.

The terrifying damage as high as 800,000 made Qin Sheng somewhat flabbergasted.

A Gold-tier Boss with all attributes + 100%. What kind of terrifying increase was that?

With such an enhancement, the players' strength would increase to another level. On the other hand, a BOSS whose attributes were many times better than a player's would have its attributes doubled so easily. It was simply shameless to the extreme.

As expected of a Qilin variant. This f*cking God Beast bloodline was so cool that it could blow up the sky. Sigh, there was nothing to be envious about!

"A dragon?"

Affected by the dragon's might, the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit's eyes suddenly turned solemn. Its blue dragon eyes flashed with a biting cold. "No wonder you're so arrogant. You actually dare to spout nonsense. You don't even care about gods. I'm not surprised that you're those arrogant loaches! However, human brat, could it be that you think you can defeat me just because you have dragon blood in your body?"

"You sure are confident!"

Qin Sheng could not help but sneer at the Ice Crystal Succubus' words.

Even though Qilin and Dragon were both mythical beasts, he did not know who was stronger and who was stronger. However, there was no doubt that both of them belonged to the same level.

Since they were on the same level, those who could display their strength were naturally those with high bloodlines and their own strength.

What level was the dragon blood in his body?

It was the same as Xiaoxiao!

A purer and more noble true dragon bloodline than the Dragon Monarch.

As for the ice crystal charming spirit?

Mixed blood!

His father was just an ice qilin from a side branch among the qilins. Even if it was a pure-blooded qilin, it was only so-so. It was far from reaching a high level. Furthermore, it was a hybrid. The qilin bloodline in its body was not pure!

Plus.

His strength had also regressed due to his injuries. Now, he was reduced to Level 35 Gold. He was not even a Second Stage Professional or Level 50. He was not even an Epic.

Just this?

She still dared to show off in front of him who might have the same bloodline as the Dragon God?

He he…

“Don’t think that you’re invincible just because you burned the mixed qilin blood in your body. Human brat? Now, I’ll show you how that human brat you speak of hangs you up and hammers you!”

Qin Luo Sheng let out an explosive roar. He did not care about the terrifying Qilin pressure at all. Swift as the wind, he charged straight towards the Ice Crystal Succubus that was now seven to eight meters tall!

"Courting death!"

Qin Luo's attitude of disregard, as well as his words of miscellaneous bloodline, struck the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's sensitive heart. It was even more furious. "I must turn you into an ice sculpture and make you kneel here forever, never to be free!"

"This is all you have!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "Useless and furious trash. You're just a mount. Do you really think you're a god that can judge me?"

Roar!

The Ice Crystal Succubus raised its head and let out a roar. A huge ice bullet formed at an extremely fast speed, with a diameter of more than ten meters. It allowed Qin Luo, who was already very close to it, to charge over. It had a feeling of blotting out the sky, as if the moon had fallen!

"Instant Slash!"

Qin Sheng was no fool. How could he be so stupid as to take on this ice bullet that could smash someone to death? It just so happened that while the Ice Crystal Succubus was condensing, he was already within ten meters of it.

Lock onto the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit!

Qin Luo Sheng's body seemed to have shuttled through space as he dodged the bombardment of the gigantic ice bullets. In the blink of an eye, he appeared before the Ice Crystal Succubus. The [Coiling Dragon Water] that carried golden holy flames slashed down heavily!

-1,40558!

A yellow damage that had just exceeded 400,000 appeared, causing Qin Sheng to frown.

With so many skills and the 200% increase from Instant Slash!

In the end…

Just this?

"D * mn, this guy burned Qilin Blood. The increase in attributes is too great. Furthermore, Qilin Body definitely has hidden attributes. Just because the interface doesn't show it doesn't mean it doesn't exist."

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ashen. "Just the strength of this body is too terrifying. It eats both physical and magic. It's basically impossible to break through its body!"

"Is that all you've got?"

The blue eyes of the dragon stared straight at Qin Sheng, who was leaping towards them. The ice-spirit's expression was calm, but its tone was full of disdain. "An attack of this level isn't even enough to tickle me. It seems that even if you have dragon blood in your body, it's only so. Humanity is only human in the end. Even after becoming the ruler of heaven and earth, you're still so weak."

"Heh!"

Qin Luo chuckled. "What's the rush? The battle has only just begun! Hunting Tiger!"

A gigantic divine tiger phantom appeared behind Qin Sheng's back. It stood erect in the void, stepping on the galaxy and emitting a tiger roar that shook the heavens and earth!

"Ding… Ice Crystal Succubus has been affected by Hunting Tiger and is in fear for three seconds!"