Chapter 490: Little Evolution

Sniff…

The system notification sound floated over, and Qin Sheng saw the Ice Crystal Knight, who had fallen to the ground and exploded with starlight. After confirming that he was really dead, he did not have the time to heave a sigh of relief when suddenly, the neighing of a mad warhorse came from behind.

He turned around.

Who else could it be but the Snow Unicorn Horse that was sent flying by his kick?

Seeing that its master had died, the Snow Unicorn Horse let out a sorrowful and furious cry. It stood up with great difficulty and ran towards Qin Luo Sheng, the enemy who had killed its master, and launched the final Death Charge.

"Do you want to die for your master?"

Qin Luo Sheng was silent. He looked at the Snow Unicorn Horse that was running over with an indomitable will. He did not dodge and allowed its sharp horn to strike his chest.

This time, he was prepared. He stabilized his body and did not get sent flying. However, under this huge force, his body still could not help but retreat. He was pushed back dozens of meters before stopping.

Ding… congratulations on killing Level 33 Silver Boss, Snow Unicorn Horse. Experience Points: 85W +, Reputation Points: 850! '

Qin Sheng:…

Qin Sheng looked at the Snow Unicorn Horse that had lost its luster and was gradually falling to the ground. His face was expressionless, but no joy could be seen.

Ding… Xiaoxiao leveled up to level 30!

"Ding… Your pet, Xiaoxiao, has reached level 30. It has officially entered the growth phase. Activate the bloodline power in your body and begin evolving!"

Bang!

Qin Luo, who had been feeling downcast, finally raised his head slightly when he heard two system prompts in succession.

Looking up.

Looking at the little Qin Luo Sheng who had jumped out from his shoulder and was currently transforming into a two-meter long dragon swimming in the air, his entire body enshrouded by a dense golden seven-colored radiance, he became excited.

The Legendary level Xiaoxiao had entered the growth stage. She had surpassed him, the owner of the salted fish, who was still in the first cycle. How terrifying was her attributes and abilities?

The seven-colored misty brilliance did not last long!

The violent true dragon blood didn’t shake for long either!

The rising dragon might also gradually dissipated!

Ding… congratulations on the successful evolution of your legendary pet, Little Tiny. Entering the growth stage, attributes increased, abilities increased. Bloodline skill: Elemental Rebellion, Seven-Colored Flash! '

How exciting!

Qin Luo was almost grinning from ear to ear at the system's prompt.

It was indeed a legendary pet!

As expected of an existence born from the Dragon God's treasure!

Invincible!

He quickly opened the small stats window!

The next second.

Qin Luo was shocked.

His mouth was wide open and his eyes bulged out, almost rolling out of their sockets!

[??? (Xiaoxiao)]

Level: 30

Type: Pet

Grade: Legendary

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul

Health Points: 90000

Mana: 350,000

Physical Attack: 2800

Magic Attack: 12000

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 1,500

Skill: [True Dragon Body] Passive: Increases physical defense and magic defense by 40%. Regenerates 5% of total health every second. Regenerates 5% total magic every second!

[Elemental Affinity] Passive: Affinity with all natural elements. When casting a skill with elemental damage, the power of the skill will increase by 60%, the skill range will increase by 60%, and there will be elemental damage!

[Elemental Magic (Low-Level, Intermediate)] was proficient in all Elemental Magic (Currently limited to Low-Level Elemental Magic and Intermediate Elemental Magic)!

[Dragon Roar Impact] consumes 5,000 Mana Points. Mobilizes the blood of the True Dragon in your body and emits an intimidating dragon's roar, causing 500% damage and an additional mandatory 3 seconds of fear effect. Cooldown: 1 hour!

[Elemental Rebellion] consumed 10,000 Mana Points. Using a special ability, it changed the elemental characteristics within the X * X meter range (X is the current level), causing it to become violent! Duration: 30 seconds! Cooldown: One day!

[Seven-Colored Flash] consumed 100,000 mana points. It gathered the power of the seven elements—Yin, Yang, Wind, Lightning, Water, Fire, and Earth—and dealt 1400% magic damage to all living things within the 50x50 range. Additional Destruction Attribute. Randomly triggered Confusion, Blinding, Tearing, Paralysis, Freezing, Burning, and Slow. These three negative buffs lasted 10 seconds. Cooldown: One month!

Qin Luo Sheng: o ((⊙ ▽ ⊙) o

F*ck!

Was this an attribute that a pet should have?

Is this the attribute that a Level 30 pet should have?

Isn't this too much of a bug?

This was insane!

However!

I like it!

How invincible!

Other than the fact that his Health Points and Mana Points were suppressed to a player's level because he was a pet of a player, which of his other attributes were lacking when compared to the Boss?

It didn't matter if it was an attack, but this skill was really explosive!

The passive effect increased. Elemental magic had only been awakened from Elementary level to Intermediate level, greatly enhancing the combat power. This way, the AOE magic range also increased rapidly.

After all!

Xiaoxiao was an all-rounded magic pet, not a single type.

From the looks of it, this guy would definitely be the main force when leveling up in the future!

The fire element AOE spell was used. Next, the water element AOE spell was used. Next, the wind element, lightning element…

After using it once, the magic that was used at the beginning had basically cooled down and could be used again.

As long as his mana was not depleted, he would be able to keep pouring it out. The efficiency of clearing the miscellaneous soldiers was much higher than that of a warrior!

Unique skill—

Dragon Roar Impact, the effect remained the same!

Still.

Two more.

It was difficult to understand the elemental riot, depending on the introduction. However, Qin Luo Sheng knew the true effect of the skill and how terrifying it was!

What would happen if the elements went berserk?

In the area where the elements were rioting, the elements could not be controlled. To people who used elements as their battle force, it was definitely a disaster.

This was not silence, nor was it a seal. To be precise, it was disorder, elemental disorder!

When a fire mage uses a mage, what they control is not fire element but water element. What will happen then?

Qin Luo Sheng did not know either.

But nothing good would happen!

This skill.

Perhaps it was even more terrifying than the forbidden spell [Forbidden Chaos Barrier] of the Duality Dao Sword!

After all!

Silence only made you unable to use the power of the elements, unable to use magic, and become a plague chicken. But this elemental riot could make you use magic, but the consequences of using it might make you worse than a plague chicken!

The final Seven-colored Divine Light!

Qin Luo Sheng felt his scalp go numb just by looking at it.

A super large area of 50x50, 1400% super strength!

What the f*ck?

This was a pure killing skill!

It had a large range, high damage, and it even had the strongest attribute of the first step—Destruction!

Other than that, there were also seven negative DEBUFFs that corresponded to the seven elements, and three of them were randomly triggered!

It could be said.

Being in this skill, even if he was not killed by the explosion, he was basically crippled.

Fortunately.

This seven-colored flash was powerful, but it did not escape the law of conservation.

The one-month cooldown meant that it could only be used as an absolute trump card and could not be used easily.

Still.

That was enough!

Such an insane skill only had a cooldown period of one month without any other negative effects or terrifying side effects. What was there to be unsatisfied about?

At least.

Qin Luo was satisfied!