Chapter 499: Qilin Domain

“Bastard!”

The injuries on his body continued to worsen as he slashed continuously with his Sword Aura and burned with flames. The Ice Crystal Charm Spirit's body was like a deep blue crystal, covered in sword scars and scorch marks. Its health points were also decreasing crazily. Finally, it fell to 30%. He was enraged as the horn on his forehead emitted a rich blue light. "I'll fight it out with you!"

"Do you want to make a comeback with a powerful skill?"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng did not move at all. He sneered and communicated with Xiaoxiao. "Xiaoxiao, activate the Dragon Roar Impact!"

"Wu wu wu ~"

Qin Luo understood Qin Sheng's intentions in a split second. After responding with a sob, he opened his mouth without hesitation and unleashed a mighty "Dragon Roar Impact" at the ice-spirit that was gathering energy!

Buzz…

Instantly.

The ice crystal charming spirit was stunned!

The condensed energy was gone!

The light on the horn dissipated!

"What a naive child!"

Take his life while he’s sick.

The Ice Crystal Succubus fell into three seconds of fear once more. Qin Sheng did not hold back and slashed rapidly!

As the explosive point of the Boss, and the Boss was an existence like the Ice Crystal Succubus, it definitely had all sorts of strange abilities that one could not guard against. How could Qin Sheng not be on guard?

He should have exploded when his Health Points were at 50%, but the fact that he burned the Qilin Blood ahead of time already made him wary.

Now.

You still want to come?

You must be thinking of eating it!

Dragon Roar Impact was a godly skill that could force its target into a state of fear. It was waiting for the moment when this guy released his skill.

In that case…

Not only could it cut off the Ice Crystal Succubus' explosive skill, but it could also throw it into a negative DEBUFF, killing two birds with one stone!

‘ What?’

What if it doesn’t work?

How was that possible!

With the height of a small bloodline and a legendary existence, how could a mere Ice Crystal Charming Spirit, a gold-ranked mixed-blood Qilin resist the sonic wave that burst out when it mobilized the True Dragon's blood in its body?

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Three seconds quickly passed.

When the Ice Crystal Charm Spirit woke up again, its health bar, which had just entered 30%, dropped by half again!

"We can't give it any chance!"

Qin Luo Sheng's face was ferocious as he increased the tempo of his attacks.

30% of his health bar dropped to 10% after a few seconds!

The time gap was too short, the ice crystal charming spirit might not be able to unleash its full power.

One strike!

Two strikes!

Three strikes!

Qin Luo Sheng attacked rapidly!

Coupled with the small external help, it interrupted the ice crystal charming spirit's rhythm.

The situation…

Little by little, it was developing in a good direction!

Ten seconds later!

Even though the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit had also gone berserk, forcing Qin Sheng to spend most of its time dodging attacks, its body size and speed were ultimately its weakness. Not only did it not touch a hair on Qin Sheng, its health points were also reduced to 10%!

Roar!

With its life on the line and facing a life or death situation, the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit didn’t disappoint and erupted, “This Exalt will fight you all to the death!—Kirin Domain!”

A magic formation that looked like a snowflake pattern instantly formed under the feet of the ice crystal charming spirit!

Bang!

Qin Luo Sheng and Xiaoxiao had no time to react at all. They were instantly repelled by the spreading magic formation. Their bodies flew out and were knocked back dozens of meters!

"￥#% & (% # @% ￥… ￥"

A curse filled with mystery and power slowly came out of the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's mouth.

In an instant.

Space trembled, causing the entire Ice Snow Shrine to tremble.

This was…

Qilin language?

Qin Sheng had learned many languages from the little wooden hut of the grave-digging necrophiliac, and had relied on his comprehension ability to forcefully raise it to a proficient level. Naturally, he could hear the language that the Ice Crystal Succubus was chanting!

Ancient Qilin language!

That's right!

It was definitely him!

Damn it!

He had miscalculated!

He did not expect that this mixed-blood ice-spirit had inherited the famous dragon language magic, which was similar to the Qilin language magic!

"Is this the power of a divine beast?"

As he looked at the domain that had already been taken into the Ice Crystal Succubus Domain and sensed that the surrounding space had been completely sealed off, he could not even use the "Spatial Jump" technique to communicate with space, much less dodge normally. He immediately felt bitter. "Isn't this too much of a bug?"

"Weeping Soul, what happened?"

Sanguine Primrose and the other two girls, who had been watching from the side the entire time, did not possess the bloodline of a true dragon that could contend against the divine might of a Qilin. At this moment, they were already suppressed by the domain of the Ice Crystal Succubus, to the point where they almost fell to the ground. They hurriedly asked Qin Sheng, "What the hell is this snowflake pattern magic formation under my feet?"

"As you can see, this is the skill released by the Boss when its health points are 10%!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and replied, "Don't waste your energy. This is a barrier. Even space has been sealed. It's impossible for us to escape."

"Then what should we do? Are we going to be annihilated?"

Sanguine Primrose was starting to get anxious.

They were just a step away from seeing the final BOSS of this quest. Who would be able to accept falling at this moment?

This was an S-rank mission, and it was an S-rank mission with the nature of a Class Advancement. It was related to his future growth, and he had paid such a huge price to complete it. If he were to fail just like that, he wouldn't even be able to cry!

"What should we do?"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled coldly. "The battlefield is mine. You guys just have to take care of yourselves! I'm definitely going to kill this boss today. No one can protect it. I said it!"

"Xiaoxiao, hide first!"

After cutting off the team channel, Qin Luo Sheng looked at Xiaoxiao who was beside You Ye and said gently, "I can handle the rest!"

Awww…

He called out twice and acted cute out of habit, pushing Qin Luo back into the pet space.

"What terrifying might!"

With nothing to worry about, Qin Sheng turned his gaze to the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit that was still chanting. He exclaimed in surprise, "As expected of a Qilin. This ancient language of the clan is indeed useful. It can communicate with the energy of the heaven and earth to a great extent and unleash even more terrifying might. In addition to the restrictions of the domain, catching a turtle in a jar and beating a dog with a closed door is simply invincible!"

Roar!

After more than ten seconds of guidance, the incantation was finally completed and the energy condensation reached its highest point. Behind the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit, the image of a huge Ice Qilin appeared, shaking the heavens and earth, letting out a roar that seemed to be able to shatter the galaxy.

"Qilin Domain, Qilin Ultimate Ice Mist Flash!"

The Ice Crystal Succubus let out an explosive roar as the horn on its forehead emitted an extremely dazzling light. In the next moment, a huge ice energy wave that was ten meters thick swept out.

Fast, extremely fast.

Even though Qin Sheng was mentally prepared, he was still shocked.

The distance of tens of meters was covered in the blink of an eye.

"Am I finished?"

Qin Luo Sheng's pitch-black pupils were filled with boundless azure at this moment. Feeling the terrifying ice pillar speeding towards him, his entire body felt as if it was frozen. He could not move and could only watch helplessly as death and the end arrived!