Chapter 495: Burning, Kirin Blood (2)

Qin Luo Sheng was going crazy!

This guy!

Was he that stubborn?

Why didn't he know how to be flexible?

Maybe.

Your goddess is also regretting now. She just can't let go of her pride!

As a f*cking subordinate, aren't you supposed to share your boss's burden?

It's fine if you can't make the decision, but can you report it to your boss and let him decide?

Just like that, he stopped me outside the door.

Not only did you cut off my path, you also cut off your boss's path, you bastard!

"Hmph, is the so-called God so petty?"

For a moment, Qin Sheng was somewhat enraged. He could not help but snort coldly. "Snow Goddess, nothing more than this!"

In an instant.

The entire hall fell into a strange silence!

It was like the calm before a volcanic eruption!

“Bastard!”

The Ice Crystal Charming Spirit let out a roar, its originally peaceful aura turning fierce. A pair of azure dragon eyes stared fiercely at Qin Sheng as it roared, "How dare you insult the gods, human brat! I will turn you into an ice sculpture and kneel in the shrine for a hundred years to atone for your great disrespect!"

Right!

That was it!

Why did he say that?

If they fought, it would be over!

The words Qin Luo had said just now were not because his brain was irrational and he had recklessly offended someone!

That's right!

He did it on purpose!

Before.

When facing the Undead Lich, he said that descendants were guilty. He said that since descendants enjoyed the glory and benefits brought by their predecessors, they had to bear the karma of their ancestors.

This had been the case since ancient times.

Otherwise…

Where did the "endless" family feud come from?

How long would revenge last? How could this sentence be born?

Then—

Why had Qin Luo's perception of Disheng changed so drastically in just two days?

Previously, the discussion with the Lich was about the guilt of the descendants!

Now, he was talking to the ice crystal charming spirit about the innocence of future generations?

Qin Qin Sheng was not suffering from schizophrenia, nor was he the so-called double standard dog!

Except.

Things could not be summarized!

Although both of them had a blood feud, the blood feud between the Lich and the Undead was undoubtedly endless. It could only be resolved with endless blood.

Someone might say.

Those animals were the ones who committed the crime. His family did not know about it. What did it have to do with them?

So.

Did their family enjoy the benefits brought by that beast?

And again.

Those bastards’ families were innocent, and those who were persecuted deserved it.

Outsiders might not know what to say.

In that case…

Outsiders had no right to stop others from taking revenge before they judged and punished those inhumane and lawless animals.

And now—

Other than the so-called price of offending the gods, the hatred between the Goddess of Snow and Tear Snow Village was enough to be punished according to human standards!

‘ Of course.’

If the Goddess of Snow was still unwilling to give up, unwilling to withdraw her divine power, and let those villagers leave the Tear Snow Village, the place where their ancestors had lived for generations, then that was also possible!

Don't be so stuck!

There was more than one way to solve this problem.

Except.

He was afraid that the Goddess of Snow would not let Tear Snow Village go.

You have to know.

It was inconceivable for gods to fall in love.

This was especially true for women like the Goddess of Snow, who were like ice and snow. They looked as cold as a snow lotus on a heavenly mountain, independent from the world. They appeared to be unreachable, but their hearts were like still water. However, once a woman like her fell in love, she would be loyal and unwavering.

But now…

The person she loved was dead!

Besides.

The cause of his tragic death was still the same.

Most women were emotional, including goddesses.

How could he not go crazy when the person he loved the most was killed?

Qin Luo, who had not exterminated Tear Snow Village on the spot, felt that she was still rational and had not degenerated into a demon.

Like now.

It was just that letting the Tear Snow Village fall into a world of ice and snow, enduring the ravages of ice and snow for all eternity, severing all contact with the outside world, ending heaven and earth, could already be considered as showing mercy.

If it were any other time, Qin Sheng would definitely not meddle in other people's business.

After all.

Everything had its consequences.

Since he had made a mistake, he had to be prepared to be punished.

However…

Yet he had received this mission and was involved in this matter.

This was f*cking helpless!

Since he had already joined, he could not get rid of it. He could not look at it from the perspective of a bystander. To be precise, he could not look at it from the perspective of an outsider like he was reading a comic book.

He had already added "this painting" to his post. Even if it was not the Snow Goddess or the people involved in the Tear Snow Village, as the third party to mediate the situation, he had come to a conclusion by judging the situation from the perspective of outsiders.

The conclusion was…

Enough!

One offense!

Everyone in the entire village had to pay a heavy price. They could only live in a world of ice and snow for the rest of their lives, dying in endless despair and regret.

This…

The punishment should be considered acceptable, right?

Their descendants.

He did not make any mistakes, nor did he gain any benefits from this matter. Just like that, he had already been tortured in the endless ice and snow for so long. Not to mention the countless deaths, even those who survived definitely had hidden illnesses. After all, the weather was cold and the ground was frozen, and there was a shortage of food. He was destined to not live long.

The culprit's generation!

Nothing!

Their descendants!

Oh no!

Yet.

Could it be that the descendants of the future generations had to be endless like this, until the entire Tear Snow Village was completely wiped out and no one was left alive?

Compared to the crimes committed by their ancestors, it was too serious.

‘ Of course.’

If you don't suffer, don't persuade others to be kind.

Qin Luo Sheng had never suffered the sufferings of the Snow Goddess, so he naturally had no right to say anything!

But now.

Since he was unable to extricate himself, he could only change things according to his wishes and solve the problem.

"Hu…"

At the thought of this, Qin Sheng let out a long breath of turbid air. He could not help but tighten his grip on the two swords as he looked at the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit that was already ready to start fighting.

"I deeply sympathize with the Snow Goddess!"

Qin Luo replied, "It's just that in my position, I have to scheme and govern. Since I've accepted this mission, I have to be loyal. As a fellow human, I can't just stand by and do nothing."

Ha ~

It was said better than sung!

In fact.

This was merely an interface that Qin Sheng had found for the battle.

After all.

"Our ancestor taught us that we must have a good reason for everything.

‘ Of course.’

It was not that Qin Luo Sheng could not differentiate right from wrong. He was a money-grubber who could do anything for his own benefit.

Although he was not a good person, he was not a bad person either.

Being in the Light Faction, he was neither a ghost nor a devil. He naturally had his own perseverance.

That was…

Follow your morals and follow your heart.