Chapter 500: Finally, We Meet The Goddess Of Snow (1)

"Summon Death Bones!"

The Epic-ranked ring on his right hand, the [Bone Ring], released dense dark energy. A huge skeletal creature was rapidly born in front of Qin Sheng.

Yet.

The summoned skeletal giant had yet to fully take form and had only formed a shadow. The next moment, the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit's attack arrived.

"Hou ~ ~ ~ ~ ~”

The Skeleton Giant was unable to hold on for 0.1 seconds. It was instantly hit by the extremely violent and cold energy ice pillar. It first turned into an ice sculpture, then into ice, then into ice, and finally into ice fragments before completely dissipating!

"This… this is the ultimate skill of the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit?"

Everyone was stunned.

The energy ice pillar was more than ten meters in diameter. Wherever it passed, everything was frozen, as if time and space were the same. Moreover, its destructive power was extremely strong. The ground that had been touched was not only riddled with holes, but it had directly plowed out a huge crack. Cold air lingered inside and icicles covered the ground.

Destruction!

It was definitely the Destruction Attribute!

Besides.

Not only was it destroyed, but it also had an absolute zero freezing effect!

"F*ck!"

Qin Sheng, who had just floated up from the ground, felt his scalp go numb. This natural disaster-like scene and the real threat of death he had just faced almost scared him to death.

"How is that possible?"

Qin Luo had yet to recover from his shock. The Ice Crystal Succubus, who was panting heavily, was not much worse off. It was shocked and furious to see the existence that should not even be left with ice shards standing before it unscathed. "Brat, who exactly are you? Why aren't you dead?"

"Why am I not dead?"

Qin Luo rolled his eyes.

Damn it!

He had almost failed miserably!

If he had been hit by that attack just now, he would have died. Even the resurrection ability of [Life Prayer] could not save him.

After all.

Relying on the power of the Goddess of Life to revive was merely injecting rich life force into the dead bodies, triggering a miracle of life and thus reviving them!

However…

What was that?

Not to mention a complete corpse, there wasn’t even a corpse left behind. There wasn’t even a strand of hair left. It was as if it had been decomposed into particles. Perhaps not even any cells remained.

Terrifying!

"This Ice Crystal Succubus is a real dog. To think that she would use such a perverse move. Luckily, I am not a f*cking iron-headed baby and did not want to clash head-on with her. Otherwise, I would have been GG by now!"

Qin Luo was extremely glad.

If not for his godly reaction just now, he would have been dead by now.

Why did he summon the Skeleton Giant at such a crucial time?

Qin Qin Sheng did not think that the skeletal giant could withstand the final move of the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit in its rage. Reality proved that he was right!

However!

From the beginning, the Skeleton Giant's existence was not meant to withstand damage, but—

Creating shadows!

That's right!

It was to create shadows.

Even though Qin Luo had gone through all sorts of missions, all sorts of trials, all sorts of bosses, and innate awakening, his skills were simply much more explosive and each one was stronger than the last.

However…

Qin Luo Sheng had not forgotten what his profession was!

Shadow Warrior!

At the critical moment, he had relied on the ability of the Shadow Warrior to avoid this calamity!

Shadow Escape!

There were two effects. The first was instant teleportation within a five-meter radius, and the second was escaping into the shadows to avoid all conventional damage!

Even though the Ice Crystal Succubus' ultimate move was extremely ferocious, it did not exceed the scope of normality.

Strictly speaking, the Qilin Domain's ultimate skill, Ice Mist Flash, was still an elemental spell. However, it was linked to the Qilin's Bloodline and Qilin Language, which resulted in the elemental mutation and brought out a stronger effect!

Shadow Escape was definitely a divine technique, a divine technique for evasion!

However…

To trigger this ability, there was a prerequisite—Shadow!

At that time.

The four girls from the Rose Society were very far away. In order not to get hurt by accident.

As for Little Tiny, for his safety, Qin Sheng also put him back into the pet space.

This way…

There was nothing around Qin Luo Sheng, nor was there anyone there. There were no conditions to provide him with a shadow, allowing him to escape into it to avoid harm.

Since there was nothing, he could only create something out of thin air!

Hence!

The Skeleton Giant had been chosen by luck to become Qin Luo's tool, providing him with a shadow that he could avoid! (Skeleton Giant: I f*cking thank you!)

"Impossible, this is impossible…"

The Ice Crystal Succubus that had followed the Ice Snow Goddess through countless battles had never suffered such a blow before. She stared blankly at Qin Luo as she mumbled non-stop.

"Nothing is impossible!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. He could feel that the effects of the amplification skill had already passed and there was only the Holy Flame left now. However, when he took a glance at the state of the Ice Crystal Succubus Spirit, his heart settled. "Divine beasts like you guys are high and mighty, treating humans like ants. When have you ever truly opened your eyes and looked at humans properly?"

“What? You can’t accept being defeated by a human you’ve always looked down upon?—My Lord, times have changed!”

Qin Luo Sheng continued to mock him. "Do you still think this is the ancient era? Humans have already stood up, while you guys have already become remnants of the era and have been eliminated! Not to mention a mixed-blood Qilin like you, even your father, the true Qilin clan, doesn't dare to look down on humans. With just you, who gave you the guts to look down on the current overlord of the world?"

Ice Crystal Charm Spirit:…

“Damned human! You dare insult this Exalted?!”

The winner was king and the loser was vilified. At this moment, the Ice Crystal Succubus that had lost most of its energy due to unleashing its ultimate move had nothing to say against Qin Sheng's mockery.

However!

When it heard the two words “mixed blood”, it couldn’t help but fly into a rage!

Regardless of whether one was a living being or a human, bloodlines were the most important. Otherwise, there wouldn't be such words as' savage '.

Even as their own race, humans would not marry other races in order to avoid sullying their bloodlines, let alone the Ancient Qilin Clan, which valued bloodlines thousands of times more than humans.

In fact.

It was precisely because the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit was not of the pure bloodline of the Qilin that it was not recognized by its father. It was not even allowed to enter the land of the Qilin race. Otherwise, with the pride of the Qilin race, how could the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit become the mount of an expert who had only grasped a little of the Law of Ice?

As an eternal pain in the heart, bloodline was something the Ice Crystal Charming Spirit was most unwilling to mention!

However, this bastard human before him actually dared to call him a ‘mixed-blood’ in front of him. This was simply a humiliation!

"Humiliate you? Are you very noble? Can't I humiliate you?"

Qin Luo Sheng tilted his head and looked at the Ice Crystal Succubus with a smile that was not a smile. He said disdainfully, "Get this straight. The current you is just a piece of meat on the chopping board for me to butcher. Don't, you're too arrogant!"