Chapter 608: Instant Kill, Instant Kill

How evil was the Demon Palace?

Or rather…

How evil was the Eighth Demon King?

The Six Demon Kings, the Dark Ice Python Xu Lin, ate humans. There were lifelike ice sculptures everywhere in the ice zone!

The Three Demon King Bloodthirsty Bat, Sun Qing, was sucking blood. The blood pool area was filled with desiccated corpses!

In the Tainted Poison Area of the Four Devil Kings' Dark Demon Spider Forest Embellishment, the spider lairs were filled with corpses that were hung upside down and wrapped in spider silk. The majority of the corpses were humans, which accounted for more than 95% of the corpses!

The Five Demon Kings, Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang, were bloodthirsty. The earth and stone region he guarded was filled with bones. Not only were there bones everywhere on the road, but his seat was also made from countless bones. It was savage and terrifying.

As for the Seven Devil King Li Zhan, he had used the blood of tens of thousands of people to refine the Blood Demon Sword in order to forge a Blood Soldier. There was no need to explain his sins.

In comparison.

Other than Lin Xiao, who he had yet to meet, there was only Qin Zhen, the Eighth Demon King Amethyst Flame Lion. There was nothing special about the area of flames he was suppressing. Perhaps the people he had killed didn’t even have their corpses left. They were directly thrown into the flames and burned to ashes.

Qin Luo Sheng did not wish to speculate on people with the greatest malice, but that did not mean that he could not speculate on demons.

Birds of a feather flock together.

How could Qin Zhen be a good person if he hung out with these people who had committed countless crimes?

And.

Demon King Lin Xiao.

With so many bad guys under him, he would definitely be worse, stronger, and scarier than them. Only then would he be able to suppress a group of strong people!

Not to mention his boss.

Even his lover, Yi Ping, who relied on her connections to climb up the ranks, did not even let go of a newborn baby and used it as a biochemical weapon to become so inhumane. As Yi Ping's man, the head of the Demon Palace, his evilness was simply unimaginable!

“A group of pitiful children, let me deliver you all!”

The undead lich was able to turn pregnant women into the extremely evil Ghostmother Evil Infant. Even though Yi Ping did not have the ability, this toxic baby that was comparable to a biochemical weapon was extremely vicious.

Ever since he was a baby, he had been nurtured. Not only was his entire body incurable, the most terrifying thing was the distortion of his will and his mind. No, it should not be distortion, but poison.

From a young age, they had been imbued with evil thoughts, forming the world view that Yi Ping wanted to mold for them, their life view and values. As a result, there was no other way for these toxic children to achieve anything other than physical transcendence.

That was good too!

Instead of letting them be controlled by the executioner Yi Ping and helping their enemies sacrifice everything, it was better to kill them here and end their suffering.

"Slash!"

Poisonous Baby.

Its attributes were worse than the Piranha Plant.

Yet.

Having learned his lesson once, Qin Sheng dared not be careless.

The Piranha Plant’s devouring ability could kill, and it had the effect of instant death. But here, there was no Endless Flower Sea of Flowers to hold it back, and the Venomous Child was even weaker than the Piranha Plant?

What reason was that?

Qin Sheng refused to believe that there was nothing fishy about it.

Poison!

Poison?

Not to mention anything else, just this name alone was enough for him to know a thing or two about the abilities of these toxic baby children. They had been soaked in special medicinal liquids since they were young and fed countless poisonous creatures and poisons. They had completely turned into poisonous people.

Qin Sheng would not be surprised even if they were to meet and die.

If not for the indescribably terrifying ability, why would Yi Ping pay such a huge price to do this?

As the guardian of a region alone, if anyone looked down on a poisonous baby because of its appearance, they would definitely be tired of living!

"No close combat, only long-range attacks!"

Qin Luo's first thought had laid the foundation of the battle.

"Sacred Flame!"

"Sword Qi Rampage!"

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Leopard Tu!"

Two skills that increased attack range and two skills that increased speed.

Qin Luo Sheng did not use too much. This was enough.

After all.

These Poisonous Infants were strong because of their strange and unpredictable abilities. They did not have a strong combat ability. The 100 points of Defense and Health Points that were only 30W + were like candles in the wind under his sword.

One strike!

One strike!

Another strike!

After being weakened by 20% of all attributes by Dragon's Might, the Infant of Intense Pain was even weaker. Even Qin Sheng's sword could not withstand it.

Even though these fellows were extremely ferocious and didn’t care about the death of their companions at all, and would instead become even more violent and ceaseless in their attacks, the helpless thing was that the gap in strength between Qin Sheng and Qin Luo was truly too great. Even if they attacked together, they were utterly unable to touch a single hair on Qin Luo’s body that was boosted by speed.

"Ahhh…"

"Ahhh…"

"Ahhh…"

A venomous baby let out a high-pitched scream. Before Qin Sheng could react, all of them self-destructed.

Terrifying green blood, or perhaps venom, flew everywhere as the toxic baby self-detonated. Countless broken limbs, minced flesh, and organs flew everywhere.

Even though Qin Luo had already reacted quickly and retreated immediately, he was still slightly affected.

'Ding… You have been corroded by the lethal poison. You are dead!

Black damage numbers appeared above Qin Luo's head.

That was…

Instant kill effect!

"Ding… The Goddess of Life's Blessing is effective. You have been resurrected!"

Without exception.

Qin Luo hung up.

Then…

He revived again.

“Damn bastard!”

After he revived, his face turned ashen.

This was the second time he had died.

Since he entered the Devil Palace, he’d overcome all obstacles all along the way, overcome all obstacles, and swept through all obstacles without fail.

However…

However, in this ugly Withered Forest District, he was repeatedly defeated. He had died once in the Endless Flower Sea and was swallowed by the Man-eating Flower, the disgrace of a Gold Boss. Now, he was self-destructed and poisoned to death by a group of harmless-looking Poison Children.

This…

He had a mental breakdown!

"You know how to self-destruct, right? Fine! I want to see how many resources Yi Ping, you vicious woman, has and how many poisonous babies you can create to guard the door for you!"

Of the three chances of revival, there was still one left. It was not yet time.

Qin Sheng was naturally not afraid of his life-saving trump card.

Qin Sheng glanced at the spoils of war that the group of toxic babies had dropped and hesitated for a moment before deciding to give up.

Even though the Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins were very tempting, who knew if they would be able to get their hands on them and not have the life to spend them?

This was a poisonous substance, a poison that was absolutely poisonous. Even a tiny bit of it could cause one's life. Did he think he had lived long enough to dare clean up the battlefield?

Sword in hand, advance!

Qin Sheng, who had already experienced the terror of a toxic baby once, was even more alert.

"Since you have already exposed your abilities, what can you do to me?"

Under the disparity in strength, the toxic baby had no chance at all. Qin Sheng would crush it the moment it appeared. Even if it self-detonated, it would be detected immediately, and it would no longer be a threat. It would no longer be a threat.