Chapter 601: Savage Blood Demon Sword

"Ding… Blood Demon Sword has signed a special contract with you. Do you agree?"

"Agreed!"

Accompanied by Qin Luo's confirmation, a formless energy coiled around Qin Luo and the Blood Devil Sword.

That was…

The power of contract!

Swish…

After signing the contract, the Blood Demon Sword followed the terms of the contract and flew over, landing in Qin Sheng's hands. It restrained its sharpness and aura, no longer being his enemy. "I won't acknowledge you as my master!"

"Naturally!" Qin Sheng nodded. He did not insist on this.

Blood Demon Sword.

It was just a whim of his.

In fact.

More importantly…

It was merely a tool used to deal with the Dragon Lake.

Once the battle with Long Yuan ended, it wouldn't matter where the Blood Demon Sword went.

‘ Of course.’

He still had to abide by the contract. Otherwise, it would not be good if he was punished.

Besides.

In the end, the Blood Devil Sword was a powerful devil sword. Even if it was used, it would not be tolerated by the so-called orthodox. However, Qin Sheng was not a pedantic person. As an open-minded player, he did not care about such things at all.

Strength was divided into the strong and the weak, not the good and evil.

So what if it was a demonic sword?

As long as I use it to do good deeds, not willfully slaughter the innocent, not bully the weak, and instead act heroically, kill bandits and exterminate demons, would it still be a Demon Sword?

"This fellow is still quite young!"

Qin Sheng was quite satisfied as he stroked the blade of the demonic sword, which had a special blood-colored vein pattern, and felt the extremely powerful energy pulse.

At the same time.

He was secretly delighted.

In his hands, this silly Blood Demon Sword would never be able to escape.

Blood Demon?

He he…

So what if he met the Blood Devil in the future?

In this blank period of time, I don't f*cking believe that I can't trick a sword?

Perhaps the Blood Demon Sword's feelings for the Blood Demon couldn't be destroyed.

But as the new "master," can't I cultivate feelings?

Besides.

The contract stated that after encountering the Blood Demon, it would be set free.

Remember.

It was just the Blood Demon Sword's freedom.

It was free, but that didn't mean it had to return to the Blood Demon's embrace.

The old master and the new master existed at the same time.

How should it choose?

He would definitely choose Blood Demon without any hesitation.

That might not be the case after that.

In the end, it might become a competition between two masters.

At that time.

Wouldn't killing the Blood Demon be the end?

Now that the blood demon was gone, wouldn't the Blood Demon Sword return to him obediently?

“Come, let me see just how powerful the head of the Seven Demon Envoys, the Blood Demon Sword, is!”

With excitement in his heart, Qin Luo opened the Blood Demon Sword's stats window.

[Blood Demon Sword (Origin lost, energy incomplete)]

Type: Single-handed Sword

Grade: Legendary

Requirement:???

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Durability: 100 / 100

Effect: Attack + 10,000, Strength + 500

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: Blood Devouring + 30% Life-Steal!

Special Effect: For every monster killed by [Blood Servant], there is a 50% chance of turning it into a Blood Servant to fight for you! (This effect is ineffective against the Boss. Blood Servants can only exist for up to 10 minutes, the maximum number is 10.)

Special Effect: The wound caused by the Blood Devil Sword cannot be healed. The bleeding effect is five times normal. At the same time, the target will be infected by the blood poison. Regular recovery will not be effective!

Additional Skill: [Blood Drinking, Bloodline Seething] is fed to the Blood Demon Sword with x% of your health points, obtaining x% Life-Steal effect. At the same time, the effect of [Blood Demon] is doubled, and your attack power is increased by 200%! Duration: 5 minutes, Cooldown: 24 hours! (Note: After using it, you will receive "Broken Blood" DEBUFF, your health points will be forcibly reduced to 1 point for 1 hour.)

Additional Skill: [Blood Demon Descends, Sole Supremacy] uses one's own X level as a sacrifice, transforming into Blood Demon Descends, obtaining double X's current Class Advancement, multiplying all attributes. At the same time, the effect of [Blood Demon] is increased by ten times! Duration:??? (Consumes 1% of one's total health points per second) Cooldown: 30 days! (Note: After using this skill, the Blood Demon Sword will be sealed within 30 days and cannot be used.)

Introduction: Blood Demon Sword. It is said to be the weapon of the arrogant Demon Envoy Blood Demon, the leader of the seven Demon Envoys of the Demon Race. It extracts earthheart lava iron from the blood sea of the abyss, complementing it with the blood essence and soul of eighty-one experts of different races. In addition to the blood of millions of living beings, it has been soaked in blood for a hundred years. After completely absorbing the resentment and evil of the blood sea, it took ten years to forge a supreme Demon Armament. When it attacked the Fate Continent, Blood Demon destroyed hundreds of countries and thousands of races. It was invincible. Because it absorbed the blood of billions of living beings, it suffered from heavenly punishment, causing its strength to greatly decrease and its source to be lost. After the Demon Race suffered a great defeat, Blood Demon fled back to the Demon Realm with its broken arm, and the Blood Demon Sword also disappeared.

Qin Luo Sheng: "???”

F*ck!

Was this Blood Demon Sword that awesome?

I f*cking split open!

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was too ignorant!

Initially, he thought that it was just a relatively powerful demon sword. He did not expect it to be a bronze, no, a golden king.

Isn't this unbelievable?

This thing.

If he was at his peak state, he might even be stronger than the Demon Weapons of the Blood Demon, the three Demon Kings.

"I didn't expect you to have such a scary background!"

Qin Luo exclaimed.

"Of course!"

The Blood Demon Sword replied, "If not for the fact that I suffered from the jealousy of the heavens and thus injured my origin, Lord Blood Demon could even advance further and change the three Demon Kings into four Demon Kings!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo gnashed his teeth. "Then can you explain why I can't use you now?"

"…" The Blood Demon Sword immediately shut up. After a long while, it said weakly, "I have no choice. Who asked you to force me to use [Blood Demon Descent, Sole Supremacy]? After activating this skill, I need a month to recover my strength!"

Veins popped out on Qin Luo's forehead. "So this is my fault?"

The Blood Demon Sword immediately dimmed.

This guy.

He was actually so scared that he went into hiding???

"What the f * * k have I done wrong!"

Qin Luo let out a long sigh.

He had spent so much time and effort just to subdue the Blood Demon Sword and use it to deal with Long Yuan to increase his chances of winning.

But what was the matter now?

Can't be used?

Then what was I doing just now?

Was it a waste of time?

Tsk!

"Forget it. Even though the Blood Demon Sword can't be used for the final battle in three days, this thing is really powerful. Although it's also a legend, its attributes completely surpass the Duality Dao Sword. Furthermore, it has 30% blood-sucking ability. It can replace the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] and become the main weapon along with the [Coiling Dragon Water]!"

Qin Luo placed the Blood Demon Sword aside and quickly picked up the loot that Li Zhan had dropped. He had been delayed for so long. If he had been one step slower, he would have been refreshed by the system.