Chapter 604: Natural Guard, Endless Sea Of Flowers

Demon Palace.

Inner Court District.

Qin Luo continued to advance.

After killing Li Zhan who was guarding the gate of the Demon Lord Palace, everything was basically flat.

The ones patrolling the plaza in front of the Demon Lord Palace were the Demon Palace's guards, while the one in the depths of the Demon Lord Palace was the Commandant. His strength had reached the golden level.

This time, Qin Sheng felt great again.

A bunch of Gold Bosses. How much experience and materials did they have?

"How comfortable!"

He killed another Commandant of the Demon Palace. Qin Sheng's eyes lit up when he saw the pile of Augmenting Gem and crystal coins that he had dropped with a few sprites mixed in.

"This place can be used as a permanent spot to farm monsters when the mission is over. The other outer regions can be ignored, but this Demon Lord Palace area is a treasure land!"

Qin Luo swiftly picked up the spoils of war and exclaimed, "First there are the guards of the Demon Palace, then there's the commandant of the Demon Palace. Even though the drop rate will decrease if you come too many times and the quality will decrease, I don't need equipment to begin with. In comparison, the Augmenting Gems are more popular and more valuable in the current market."

Three hours later!

Qin Luo Sheng finally passed through the middle hall of the Demon Lord Palace and walked out of the densely packed small palace complex.

There was no pressure to kill the Commandant of the Demon Palace. It was just that this place was quite large, and it took most of the time to find the monsters, which was why it was delayed for so long.

Behind the small palace complex that hid the commandant of the Demon Palace, there was another scene that was very different from the palace.

This was a sea of flowers.

‘ No.’

It was a beautiful garden.

There were countless beautiful flowers and traces of man-made carvings. Stairs, stone pavilions, artificial mountains, flowing water… everything was present.

"Withered Forest District, second Demon King Yi Ping's stronghold!"

As the lover of the great demon king Lin Xiao, the second demon king, Yi Ping, was naturally like the concubine of the emperor. She didn't need much ability and only needed this identity to suppress Gongsun Zhuang and Li Zhan and become the person closest to Lin Xiao.

"However, this place doesn't seem to be related to the name 'Dry Forest'!"

Along the way, Qin Sheng had verified one by one that what the squad leader who had told him about the Demonic Dew Palace back then was indeed true. However, everything that had happened before had come true. Only the Withered Forest District was a little strange.

How could such a beautiful place be known as a withered forest?

Sha sha sha…

Stepping into it, Qin Sheng's attention was greatly elevated.

The surroundings seemed peaceful, but this was someone else’s territory. Who knew what kind of trap was waiting for him?

Besides.

The less dangerous a place looked, the more dangerous it was.

“Mm? Something is strange!”

After taking a few steps, Qin Sheng sensed that something was amiss.

The fragrance of the flowers that drifted into his nose actually made him feel like he was floating in the air. It was unprecedentedly comfortable, and it made his bones melt.

"This pollen is poisonous!"

Qin Luo immediately covered his nose and retreated.

He opened his characteristic panel and saw -11% of all attributes unknowingly revealed. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead.

When he flipped through the battle log, he realized that he had fallen into a trap. If not for the special effect of the Medal of Courage and the immunity to spiritual control, he would not be standing here calmly. He would have been drugged by the fragrance of the flowers or fallen into a trance.

"D * mn, I knew it. As the last obstacle in front of the Demon King's Palace, how could I not be on guard!"

Qin Luo gnashed his teeth in hatred. "So it turns out that there's no need for guards here at all. Or rather, the floral fragrance emitted by this sea of flowers has been mixed together to form a chemical reaction that has a unique fragrance. It can mesmerize the mind and kill people without leaving a trace. It's the guards here, the most natural and impossible to guard against!"

What should he do?

Although he knew it, Qin Luo Sheng raised his head and looked at the sea of flowers that stretched away, leaving him helpless.

Even though he had the Medal of Courage and was immune to the hallucinatory effects brought about by the fragrance, it did not mean that his body could remain conscious.

After all.

Other than the psychedelic effect of the flower fragrance, consuming too much of it would cause injuries to the body. The reduction of all attributes was proof.

"If that's all, crossing the sea of flowers would not be a problem. The scary thing is that I still have a backup plan."

Qin Luo Sheng frowned. "This looks very peaceful. Other than flowers, there are only flowers. It's just that the varieties are different. But who knows if there are any special species or special mechanisms in this sea of flowers? Don't be tricked on the way. At that time, because of the weakening of all attributes by the fragrance of the flowers, you basically have no power to resist at all and will die with grievance!"

"Let's test it out first. Since I have three chances to revive, I'm not afraid!"

After hesitating for a while, Qin Sheng decided to take action.

It was taboo to be indecisive when doing things.

Anyway.

For the sake of the mission, Qin Sheng was also not allowed to cross this sea of flowers. Otherwise, not to mention entering the core area of the Demon Palace, even the second Demon King Yi Ping would not be able to meet the Demon King Lin Xiao in the Demon King's Palace.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng could also end the mission there and then. After all, the reward for this Rank two mission was based on the completion rate. Currently, it had already exceeded the minimum of 20%. He could already return and submit the mission.

But Qin Luo?

Was he willing?

Definitely not!

Several days had passed along the way. From the outermost region of the Dark Abyss, they had slaughtered their way all the way here. How much suffering had they suffered and how much effort had they expended? How could they be stumped by a sea of flowers?

"If I want to cross this sea of flowers, I'll treat it as if there are other dangers inside. In my current state, there are two ways!"

Although he had already decided to start fighting, this was not a place where he could break through with brute force. He had to rely more on his wisdom and his own foundation. Coincidentally, the biggest hallucination effect had already been broken, and there was only a little child's play left. It was not that troublesome.

"Firstly, fly over. Secondly, teleport!

The first method was not very reliable.

After all.

Qin Sheng did not really have the ability to fly. He had to rely on external forces.

Yet.

Be it the flying augmentation of the Spiritual Light Cloak or the ability of the flight talisman, they could not last long.

Plus.

This place looked like a blue sky and white clouds, boundless, but it was actually just an illusion.

This place was the Demon Palace, a palace.

If they wanted to fly, there would definitely be restrictions. If there was really a trap, they would definitely suffer a calamity and not be able to escape.

So.

It wouldn't work.

As for the second method, it shouldn't be a big problem, but it would take a lot of time.

The fragrance of flowers was continuous. By slowly eroding and tainting one's body, it would cause one's physical fitness to decrease. In the game's terminology, it would completely reduce one's attributes!

What's wrong with that?

Yes!

That was… sustainability!