Chapter 605: Omnipotent Virtual Trading Platform

The poison of flowers had a fatal flaw.

It was unlike the dragon's might or the death god's stare, which was triggered instantly and took effect instantly. The fragrance of the flowers was carried out slowly. It was like a slow-motion drug that could kill without leaving a trace. It allowed you to consume a large amount of poison powder without you knowing. By the time you realized it, you were already "beyond cure". There was no cure, and you could only be slaughtered.

It was terrifying!

Except.

Now that he had discovered this, he was no longer afraid. Instead, he could use this' weakness' to strike a time difference.

‘ What do you mean?’

Qin Luo Sheng could maximize his speed and break out of the encirclement. He did not care about anything and only cared about charging forward, striving to run as far as possible within the most effective time.

At this moment.

If there were other traps in the sea of flowers or monsters blocking the way, it would not matter. This was because he would control the time and attributes well. He would not absorb too much pollen, causing his attributes to drop to the point where he could not even protect himself.

For example.

Book a small target.

When all his attributes were reduced to 50%, he immediately activated Spatial Jump and returned to his original spot. He waited for the weakening effect brought by the pollen to dissipate before using Spatial Jump to return to where he had left earlier. He used that as a new starting point and continued forward.

This repeated over again.

They would be able to safely travel through the sea of flowers.

But.

There is a problem with this method.

That was CD time.

The CD for the space jump was an hour. Too long.

Also…

To jump from the starting point to the previous point, one had to use a spatial jump. This meant that every time one charged into the sea of flowers, it would take at least an hour. Only then could the CD of the spatial jump be good and be used again.

However…

This was unrealistic.

It had only been five minutes since they entered the sea of flowers, and all their attributes had already dropped by 11%. Even if the concentration of the flowers behind them did not increase, it would at most be reduced by 50% in half an hour. It was too dangerous.

Instantly.

Qin Luo's head started to hurt.

"Why don't I try flying first? Or should I use it together with flying? After all, it's considered high in the sky. Even if there are traps and monsters in this sea of flowers, it's impossible for them to attack me while I'm flying. Even if they can, it's impossible for them to attack with high efficiency and frequency like inside the sea of flowers."

There was really no other way. Qin Sheng was prepared to give it his all.

Regardless of whether he succeeded or not, he had to go up anyway, so he might as well do it first. It would naturally be good if he succeeded, but it didn't matter if he failed. In any case, he had three chances to revive before coming back.

"I only hope that this sea of flowers is only so. I hope that there won't be any more traps or monsters. Let me walk over safely!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed helplessly.

"It's a pity that my poison resistance is too low. Otherwise, I wouldn't be in such a difficult situation!"

Huh.

The fragrance of flowers was a type of poison.

If my poison resistance is low and I can't do anything about it, then can't I just increase my poison resistance?

Qin Luo Sheng instantly recalled that when he entered the Icy Area, it was also because of the extreme cold that affected him. In the end, he had no choice but to give up his armor and buy a fancy warm cloak to avoid the cold. Only then did he manage to pass through the Icy Area safely and kill the guardian Boss, Dark Ice Python Xu Lin.

He hurriedly opened the virtual trading platform.

Key entry: Poison Resistance!

Search!

Instantly.

A few dozen pages of merchandise appeared.

There were equipment that could increase poison resistance, but most of them were poison resistance pills.

He looked at the price.

F*ck.

Snatching people?

Just because an ordinary Silver tier equipment had an additional 5% Lonely Resistance, would you dare to sell it for the price of Gold tier equipment?

A pill that increases poison resistance by 10% only lasts for 5 minutes. You dare to call it 50 gold coins?

Damn it!

Qin Luo Sheng was so angry that his face was flushed red and filled with hatred.

As a profiteer, he did not expect that there would be a day where he would be slaughtered. Was it really a good cycle of reincarnation?

"You guys are ruthless!"

In a situation of extreme scarcity, even if he had to be killed, Qin Sheng could only grit his teeth and accept it.

Just like those players who desperately needed potions and equipment, even if the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's goods were ridiculously expensive, there were no other guilds. Even if they knew that they were foolish, they still had to buy it.

Fortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng's pharmaceutical business was a one-of-a-kind monopoly that allowed him to set the price. Others might not be able to do anything about it and couldn't compete, but this poison resistant equipment and elixirs were different. Many competitors lowered the price by a lot.

Buy, buy, buy!

After a round of purchases, Qin Sheng spent some gold coins. But compared to the seven-digit gold coins on him, it was nothing.

Qin Sheng had plenty of money.

However, this did not mean that people were foolish and rich, willing to be slaughtered.

The rich cared more about the price-performance ratio than the poor.

"This is perfect!"

He removed all his equipment, including his helmet, armor and gauntlets, as well as a ring and four pieces of equipment. Qin Luo Sheng's poison resistance had increased by 30%. Adding his original 21%, it was 51%!

“Roaming Snake Step!”

"Shadow Banner!"

"Brave Heart!"

"Leopard Tu!"

“Feng Xing!”

The first thing he did was to go all out.

Other than the Holy Flame, which was kept as a precautionary measure, Qin Sheng could use all the other skills.

"Bing Bing, let's go!"

Qin Sheng's speed had already exceeded six digits due to the violent enhancement. With this enhancement, he was as cold as a bolt of azure lightning. With just one step, he had run more than ten meters, so fast that he could not be any faster.

"Indeed, poison resistance is still useful!"

51% poison resistance, plus 10% consumption of medicinal pills, that was 61%. Compared to before, the weakening of the flower fragrance poison was clearly much weaker.

"I won't fail this time!"

With Qin Luo's violent acceleration and poison resistance, he would definitely be able to run as far away as possible in a very short period of time.

Still.

This was not very compatible with an hour-long CD jump.

‘ Of course.’

This was under the condition that Qin Sheng did not reveal the other two trump cards.

Swish…

They ran like the wind.

This place was at least a few kilometers away from the starting point, but nothing unexpected happened along the way. This made Qin Sheng wonder if he had been overthinking things.

Yet.

Just as Qin Luo had this thought, a flower on the side suddenly swelled up and turned into a gigantic man-eating flower. It opened its bloody mouth and bit down at him with its sharp teeth.

"F*ck, there really is a trap!"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but curse.

Without waiting for his order, the agile Bing Bing reacted immediately, her body moving slightly to avoid this sudden attack.