Chapter 602: Special Occupation Of The Blood Demon Sutra

He counted the spoils of war.

Two high-grade Augmenting Gems, six mid-grade Augmenting Gems, eleven low-grade Augmenting Gems, five spirit crystals, and thirty-seven crystal coins!

As expected of an Ancient BOSS, so forthright!

Other than that.

There were eight pieces of equipment. One of them was at the Epic stage, and the other seven were Gold.

Tsk!

Was his luck going to explode this time?

He picked up the only Ancient equipment!

[Blood Demon Handguard]: Unidentified. Grade: Epic!

Oh.

And he was even crowned as the Blood Devil's guard?

Could this be a set?

"F*ck, an Epic Set!"

Qin Luo's heart instantly burned.

If he gathered all of them and used the Starlight Miracle to sublimate them, wouldn't he become a legendary armor set in seconds? Wouldn't that be heaven?

Still.

This was just a thought.

Didn’t he see that this was the first time Li Zhan had died, and the first time he had exploded, only a single guard had dropped?

This dungeon!

The drop rate would increase with the number of times they cleared the level.

When the time came.

Even if Li Zhan managed to obtain a Blood Demon Set from the Devil Palace, the grade of the Blood Demon Set would be too horrible to look at. Perhaps, even with the help of the Starlight Miracle, there would still be Gold-grade parts.

"Forget it. I'll see when the time comes. At least I won't have time to think about the set for the next few days!"

Qin Sheng shook his head after putting the Blood Demon Bracers and the other pieces of Gold equipment into his backpack, temporarily forgetting about them.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a special item like a scroll. Previously, Gongsun Zhuang gave me a ‘Fist Emperor Scripture’. Even though I managed to collect it, it still allowed me to obtain a secondary combat class—Fist Emperor. When I don’t use a sword, it’s not bad to play with my fists.”

Qin Luo opened the scroll and looked over. "I wonder if Li Zhan will give me a big surprise!"

Blood Demon Sutra!

Another scripture scroll?

Qin Luo was overjoyed.

Ding… your condition does not meet. Blood Demon Sutra cannot be used! '

???

What was going on?

I've already taken off my pants, and you're telling me this?

“The Blood Demon Sutra is useless!”

The hidden sword spirit of the Blood Demon Sword suddenly jumped out and explained, "Unless you're already prepared to become a Blood Demon!"

“What do you mean?”

Qin Luo's heart trembled as he asked, "What do you mean by becoming a blood demon?"

"Exactly what it means!"

The Blood Demon Sword said, “You fought with Li Zhan just now. The skill he used was the move recorded in the Blood Demon Sutra!”

What?

Qin Luo was stunned.

"Li Zhan's skill just now was the Blood Demon Sutra's skill?"

Swallowing hard, Qin Luo counted with his fingers. "Blood Demon Sword Domain, sword slaying countless 3,000 guests, Heaven Slaying Sword Drawing Technique… All of these are?"

"That's right!"

The Blood Demon Sword said calmly, "These are just the basics. Li Zhan's comprehension isn't enough. Also, I injured my source and haven't recovered enough. I can only display this bit of strength!"

Qin Luo immediately fell silent.

Damn it.

Old Versailles!

Can you be so realistic?

Still.

Although it was uncomfortable to be put on airs in front of others, Qin Sheng had no choice but to endure because what the other party said was the truth.

As the Blood Demon Weapon that had once been second only to the Demon Monarch and the three Great Demon Kings, the head of the seven Demon Envoys, the weapon that could slay billions of lives and annihilate hundreds of countries and thousands of races, it truly had the qualifications.

"What are the conditions to become a Blood Demon?"

Qin Luo asked.

He was not a pedantic person who would not use his powerful strength.

In the first place, strength didn’t distinguish between good and evil. Li Zhan had used the Blood Demon Sword and was reduced to a Sword Servant, but Qin Sheng definitely wouldn’t have done so. This wasn’t because he thought too highly of himself or his abilities, but because he had already signed a contract with the Blood Demon Sword. In a sense, he had already subdued it.

In the past, Qin Sheng might have considered other external factors, such as those old and stubborn ideas, and would not have been so tempted to take action.

However…

The decisive battle with Long Yuan was imminent. The more forces they had, the greater their chances of victory.

This was a duel that concerned everything about him. Once he lost, it would not be as simple as death. It would be equivalent to directly deleting his account. He could not afford to lose such a perverse punishment.

"Simple!"

Qin Luo Sheng asked. The Blood Demon Sword did not have the slightest intention of hiding and answered him generously, "Firstly, enter the demonic path and use the blood of thousands of living beings as a sacrifice. Secondly, seize the origin and merge the Blood Demon Core that Lord Blood Demon had condensed for ten thousand years into himself. Thirdly, soak in the blood sea in the abyss for a hundred years and form a Blood Demon Core once again, becoming the new generation Blood Demon."

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

You call this a fucking method?

Are you making things difficult for me, Fat Tiger?

If I had the ability, the means, and the determination, would I still need that bullshit Blood Demon?

He would have long killed the Dragon Abyss.

"Aren't you going to consider it?"

The Blood Demon Sword sensed Qin Luo Sheng's state of mind. The moment he gave up, it opened its mouth and enticed him. "This is the Blood Demon. It once swept through the allied forces of the Fate Continent and possesses the power to annihilate billions of lives. If not for the wrath of heaven, the Lord Blood Demon, who is becoming stronger, might have long surpassed the three Demon Kings and defeated the allied forces from the frontlines. Now, it is the Demon Race that is dominating this land!"

"Cut the crap!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "You're still too young to tempt me into depravity. Even if what you said is the truth, don't forget that the loser will always be the loser. Any excuse is useless."

Blood Demon Sword:…

This sentence was really hard to refute!

The history books were written by the victors.

This was a wise saying.

The failure of the Demon Race was definitely not because of a mere Blood Demon. A mere Blood Demon Sword could turn Qian Kun around.

Not to mention Qin Sheng becoming a Blood Demon now, even if the real Blood Demon were to come and sweep over with the army of the Demon race, it would also repeat the scene from ten thousand years ago. Failure would result in being driven back to the Demon World, and this time, even the Demon World would not be able to return.

After all.

The continent of destiny at this time was not like the continent that had been caught off guard and could not gather its forces due to the tens of thousands of races.

Even though all the major races were also doing their own things, at most some of them had an alliance and were not united, but internal strife was internal. Once an outsider like the Devil Race, who had brought destruction and enslavement, stepped in, all the races would unite at the first moment and would not repeat the fall of the mountains and rivers ten thousand years ago and the destruction of thousands of races.

"There's another way!"

The Blood Demon Sword hesitated for a moment, but in the end, it couldn’t help but open its mouth. “Using my blood essence to turn into a Blood Demon Pill for you to swallow, you can form a resonance with it and cultivate the ‘Blood Demon Sutra’. However, you cannot become a Blood Demon, or rather, you can only be a beginner level Blood Demon. However, if you do this, you will lose your rare professional ability. Even if you disperse the power of the Blood Demon Pill, you will not be able to return to your profession!”