Chapter 606: Terrifying Mutated Piranha Plant

[Mutated Piranha Plant (Gold Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 8000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 100

Magic Defense: 100

Speed: 0

Skills:???

Introduction: Piranha Flower's mutation is caused by the blood of the Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping. It has an extremely terrifying ability. Usually, it is planted in an endless sea of flowers, hiding itself and acting as the embellishment of the Demon Lord Palace. When enemies attack, it can transform into a Piranha Flower and devour intruders to guard the Demon Lord Palace!

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

Gold Boss?

Isn't this way too high?

‘ But—’

This attribute!

It was simply an eyesore!

How could this be called a Gold Boss? Furthermore, it was a Level 40 Gold Boss?

Not to mention the distance.

The Commandant of the Demon Palace in front was about to faint from crying.

Embarrassment!

"Is this compensation from the system?"

Qin Luo Sheng thought to himself, "That's true. This Endless Flower Sea is already very deceptive. First, it has hallucinations, then it weakens all its attributes. If the guardian monsters inside are also very strong, then there's simply no solution!"

"If the Demon Palace is just the location of the mission, like the Moon Temple, the only mission would be gone after completing it. That would be reasonable. However, this is a wilderness dungeon, and any player can enter. Setting up such an unsolvable place is purely a brain fart."

Dragon Might!

-100,000!

Although the Piranha Plant was not a dark creature and Death's Gaze was ineffective against it, Qin Luo Sheng could still kill it effortlessly even if his attributes were reduced.

The Piranha Plant's attacking methods were very limited. Other than swallowing, there were only two vines that looked like hands on its body. It was pitifully weak.

Besides.

This fellow had a lot of limitations!

After all.

In essence, the Piranha Flower was still a flower. It grew on the ground and could not be moved.

As such,

The Piranha Plant had completely become Qin Luo's live target, unable to fight back at all.

500,000 Health Points and 100 Defense Points, how weak was that?

One sword, two swords!

He died instantly!

"This…"

Qin Sheng's lips twitched as he looked at the Piranha Plant lying dead on the ground. He raised his third sword and could no longer slash out. "This is it? This is the shame of being a Gold Boss!"

Although he was complaining,

Qin Luo Sheng was still very happy. He ran over and picked up the spoils of the Piranha Flower.

It didn't matter if they were weak. As long as they exploded well.

Compared to the powerful Commandant of the Demon Palace, the spoils given by the Piranha Plant were not inferior at all.

Qin Sheng was so beautiful.

Indeed.

God closed a door that would open a window for you.

The Endless Flower Sea was terrifying, but the rewards were also generous.

The Piranha Plant was a benefit that made up for the high difficulty of the Endless Flower Sea.

As long as the players persevered, they could receive this benefit.

A level 40 BOSS was of the Gold grade, but its attributes were so weak. Even a normal second-rate player could easily win one on one.

After tidying up quickly, Qin Luo Sheng immediately got on his icy back and continued on his way. He did not dare to delay at all. After all, he was still in the sea of flowers and his body was being corroded continuously, reducing all his attributes.

Initially, he was worried that there would be a trap in the sea of flowers. However, from the looks of it now, that was indeed the case. There was indeed a trap. However, this trap was truly too trashy. Other than the instant of the sneak attack, what else could the useless Piranha Flower do?

Forty minutes later.

"Ding… Your current attributes have dropped to 10%. You are about to enter a weakened state!"

A notification came from the battle log.

"Is it time yet?"

Qin Luo Sheng did not follow the plan he had come up with earlier. He activated the space jump and returned to rest before continuing. Instead…

"Ice Skin!"

In an instant.

Health Points and Mana Points were restored to full, and Defense increased by 100%!

But that was not important. What was important was that all the abnormal states were cleared.

After absorbing the poison of the flowers for more than half an hour, he finally lowered his stats to the point where he was in imminent danger. However, Qin Luo Sheng raised his skill to its maximum and recovered to its peak.

The Piranha Flower Goblin fainted in the toilet.

He had meticulously laid out a trap, yet he was played around with so wantonly…

"Continue! Continue!"

Qin Luo had succeeded in prolonging his life, so he continued on his way on his icy mount.

With the Ice Skin Tacklet, Jade Bone as his trump card (ignoring poison below the Epic stage), and the Hero's Badge, the Endless Sea of Flowers that was like a dead zone, Qin Sheng could totally declare that he had conquered this place.

"Interesting. As expected, the poison becomes more violent towards the end?"

Qin Sheng, who had been paying attention to his own condition, immediately sensed that something was amiss.

He walked past the front section and entered the middle section. It was obvious that his attributes had dropped much faster.

Not only was the fragrance of the flowers much stronger, but the frequency and quantity of the Piranha Flower also increased accordingly.

“It would appear that things are truly not that simple.”

Qin Qin Sheng smiled faintly, not paying much attention to this.

With four resistive equipment and elixirs as the foundation, two skills as rescue, and resurrection ability, even if it was not enough, he could still use Space Jump to escape…

How could they not cross a mere sea of flowers?

Soon.

Qin Qin Sheng entered the latter part of the sea of flowers.

From the initial 10 seconds, his attributes had decreased by 1%. Now, his attributes had decreased by 1% in 1 second and had increased by 10 times.

"Looks like I was too optimistic."

Qin Luo Sheng was frightened as well. This speed was at the 10% threshold. Ninety seconds was not enough. It was simply fatal.

"However, we shouldn't be too far from the end. Let's work harder!"

They were already here. How could Qin Sheng give up?

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Yet.

Now the enemy was more than just time. There were—more densely packed piranhas.

Countless piercing sounds could be heard. It was the sound of the Piranha Plant launching a sneak attack from a harmless little flower that had instantly expanded to a size large enough to swallow a person.

Slash!

Slash!

Slash!

Qin Luo, who had activated the Sacred Fire skill, changed the special effect of [Coiling Dragon Li Water] to [Dragon Fire]. Basically, as long as he triggered a critical hit, he could kill a Man-eating Flower with one strike.

After all.

As a flower, the bane of man-eating flowers was fire!

The damage bonus from the flames was very high.

Ding… you have been swallowed by the Piranha Plant. Instant Kill effect activated. You are dead! '

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

"Ding… The Goddess of Life's Blessing is effective. You have been resurrected!"

Qin Sheng, who had come back to life again, was confused. He hacked the remaining Piranha Plants to death in no time. Then, he ignored the starlight all over the ground and opened his battle log.

"Tsk!"

After reading the record, Qin Luo's face turned ashen.

No wonder the Piranha Plant was so useless.

That attribute was not even comparable to a Silver Boss of the same level.

Initially, he had thought that the System had realized its conscience and wanted to compensate him for the high difficulty of the Endless Flower Sea. Now that he thought about it, he wished he could slap himself.

Since when was the dog system reliable?

There was no such thing as the worst pit, only worse.

‘ Only if you can’t think of it. There’s nothing he can’t do.’

This Piranha Plant was just like that.

The whip attack of the vines was naturally the most ordinary attack. It did not have any special effects, but as a Piranha Plant, the dog system gave it an extremely terrifying special ability—Devour!