Chapter 609: Second Demon King—Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping

An hour later.

Qin Luo Sheng finally walked out of this desolate forest area.

Originally, he should have used less time, but the toxic babies were too terrifying. For safety and stability, his progress was slow. At least 90% of the time was used for traveling and evasion.

First was the endless sea of flowers, beautiful and magnificent.

Then there was the Lonely Forest, gloomy and silent.

Now—

Qin Luo Sheng entered the third region of the Ku Lin District!

Flowers bloomed like brocade, trees covered the land, pavilions, small bridges and flowing streams…

It was like a backyard.

"This should be the location of the Piranha Flower Demon, Yi Ping, right?”

Qin Qin Sheng thought to himself.

Even though he was Lin Xiao's lover and had special preferential treatment, it was already enough for him to block the first two terrifying zones. If he really had to overcome all five obstacles, Qin Luo would definitely greet the 18 generations of ancestors of the dog system.

"Yo, I haven't seen such a handsome young man in a long time!"

Qin Luo Sheng had yet to find anyone, but the owner of this place had already opened his mouth to greet the guests.

"Second Demon King, Yi Ping?"

He turned his head to look at the source of the sound. What entered his eyes was a bewitching woman dressed in a white veil that couldn’t conceal the spring of her body. She was half lying on the ground, and her slender hands were holding a cup of wine. There was even wine flowing down from the corners of her mouth, moistening his originally thin gauze that was like a cicada’s wings. It stuck tightly to his fair skin, making him look even more tender and alluring.

"You're really unromantic!"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, the seductive woman licked her charming red lips with her small tongue and said with a coquettish smile, "Why are you calling me so terrifying? My name is Yi Ping, but I'm not some demon king! I admire young and strong handsome little brothers like you the most. Since you've already come to my Eternal Music Palace, why don't you get rid of the dust? I'll serve you well and let you taste all the bliss in the world. I guarantee that little brother will be happy to the point of forgetting home."

Qin Luo Sheng: Hiss…

What if he was a little excited?

In both lifetimes, he had always been a loser.

Even though he had transmigrated to Planet Blue and made a fortune using Fate Dimension, he was still a newbie when it came to women.

He was still at the beginner level of the Bronze rank, and he had just come into contact with her. Who could resist the temptation of a King like Yi Ping?

“Stop putting on airs and putting on airs here. If I encounter you elsewhere, like in a brothel, perhaps I’ll pity you when I see you reduced to the mortal world, miserable and helpless. I’ll give you a sum of money and become your guest, but I’ll have a taste of pleasure and taste you.”

Qin Luo Sheng bit the tip of his tongue and forced himself to calm down. He looked at Yi Ping, who was smiling charmingly, and sneered, "What a pity, what a pity. You're in this so-called Eternal Music Palace, and it's a pity. As Lin Xiao's lover, aren't you afraid that your lover will get angry and kill you in one strike if you seduce other men? He's not a good person!"

"I'm a worldly person, and my life is bitter to begin with. Little brother, there's no need to be sarcastic!"

She thought that Yi Ping would fall out with her just like that. Unexpectedly, not only was she not angry, her expression changed and became even more pitiful. Her aggrieved and pouting face seemed to have a hint of stubbornness. She was unwilling to submit to fate but had no choice but to accept it. It was really pitiful to see. It made people feel guilty and they could not help but feel protective towards her.

"Stop acting!"

However, Qin Sheng did not fall for this trick at all. He said expressionlessly, "Do you think I'm a greenhorn? Would I be swayed by your words? Your acting skills are quite good. Unfortunately, everything I've seen and heard along the way, especially those toxic baby children, has allowed me to see through your true colors."

"No matter how good your acting skills are, in my heart, your image will never be shaken again. Because when I see you, I can't help but think of those children who were supposed to be innocent but were made into poisonous people by a vicious person like you! If I don't kill you, my heart will not be at ease and my thoughts will not be clear."

Yi Ping:…

"Alright, stop pretending. No matter how beautiful your body is, it's only an illusion and a disguise. As a Piranha Flower Demon, I saw your descendants in the Endless Flower Sea. That's disgusting."

Qin Qin Sheng said, "You're only trying to stall for time by seducing people here so that I can absorb more of the special floral fragrance here and then mix it into poison in my body, weakening my strength and causing me to lose without fighting. Don't you agree?"

"Hahahaha…"

Yi Ping’s charming face suddenly changed, becoming cold and distorted. After a burst of wild laughter, she coldly snorted, “Since you know, then you still dare to stand here and boast shamelessly. How audacious! Do you really think that this old lady’s poison can be so easily neutralized?”

"Whether it can be resolved or not is not up to you!"

Qin Luo retorted disdainfully, "We'll know once we try!"

"Interesting!"

Yi Ping stood up and waved her hand. The thin veil on her body was removed and replaced by a jade green dress. Her entire body only covered three sensitive areas, and the white patch was dazzling.

"Is the battle finally starting?"

Qin Luo Sheng suppressed the dryness in his mouth, suppressed the wild ambition and impulse in his heart, suppressed the rising desire and started to enhance his skills.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Sirius!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sacred Flame!"

It was unknown how many times he had used this set of augmentation skills. It was as easy as lifting his arm. In a second, it was completed. It was unbelievably fast.

Sword in hand!

He charged forward!

From the moment Yi Ping took off the thin veil on her body and put on the bikini-like equipment, especially after taking out a longbow, Qin Luo Sheng knew this fellow's occupation—Archer!

Even though Archers were not as vulnerable as Magicians and were loved by Warriors and Thieves, Archers were not much better.

Compared to mages, archers indeed had good defense, especially their speed which far exceeded that of mages. Their other indicators were also very powerful.

Although it could not be compared to other vocations that were outstanding in one aspect and could not be compared to other vocations, it was still a mediocre vocation that was good at one or two aspects. Once they got into a fight, their endurance would undoubtedly be number one!

Players might not be good at archery. Even if there were experts in this field, there were very few.

Among them.

The biggest obstacle was the attributes!

A mediocre job had the highest attributes.

Archers had the most attributes among all jobs.

However, the problem of players did not exist for monsters, especially Bosses.

Unfortunately.

Yi Ping was not facing ordinary players, but a hacker!

So—

She was done for!