Chapter 607: Extremely Sinful, Poisonous Child

What was devouring?

To put it simply, he was gone!

As long as one was bitten by the Piranha Plant, the devouring ability would be triggered!

What were the consequences of being devoured?

Instant kill!

Direct death!

This made sense.

After all.

If you were swallowed whole, death would be expected.

With a black face, he picked up the spoils of the group of piranhas. Qin Sheng looked at his attributes that were about to fall to 10% and activated the Jade Bone skill!

In an instant.

He was immune to the characteristics of poisons below the Epic stage and had completely neutralized the flower fragrance poison.

Not only did he remove the adverse condition of his body, but he also had an immunity to the poisons of the flowers that constantly floated into his nose. Within an effective minute, he would be immune to all poisons and prevent the poisons of the flowers from taking effect.

Continue advancing!

Having experienced death once, Qin Sheng would not be so stupid as to be ambushed by the Piranha Flower and trigger the Instant Kill effect.

Qin Luo Sheng did not give him a chance. The Piranha Plant that could not be moved naturally had no more achievements.

Another half an hour passed.

Qin Luo walked and stopped before finally running out of this terrifying sea of flowers.

"What a disgrace!"

Even though he had obtained a large pile of Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and crystal coins, Qin Sheng could not feel happy either. When he thought about how he had been swallowed by the Piranha Flower, he felt very embarrassed.

This…

The famous Weeping Soul Beast could even suppress an Ancient BOSS. A big shot who could exchange blows with a Legendary BOSS was killed by a small Piranha Plant.

What a dark history!

Fortunately.

This time, he acted alone without anyone knowing. Otherwise…

"Yi Ping, just you wait!"

Unable to vent his anger, Qin Luo Sheng could only blame it on Yi Ping.

This was her territory, and those Piranha Plants were raised by her. Who else could she find?

After the Endless Flower Sea.

Qin Luo Sheng finally knew why this place was called the Ku Lin District!

There was no sign of life in the forest!

The earth was brown and the trees were withered. Not even a blade of wild grass, let alone flowers.

“Could it be that there’s another trap in this damn place?”

Qin Qin Sheng was a little scared.

Along the way, there were so many Demon Kings guarding the area, but only this Withered Forest District knew how to do things. It was the strangest, so he had no choice but to be on guard.

One moment of hesitation was one moment of hesitation, but this path still had to be taken.

Qin Luo Sheng rested for a while to replenish his hunger. He waited until all the poisons in his body had been purged and he was back to his peak state before he rode on Bing Bing and carefully entered the withered forest area.

"Hehehehe…"

"Hehehehe…"

"Hehehehe…"

Not long after he left, Qin Sheng heard a series of extremely strange and tiny sounds.

The voice was very soft and crisp, very young and tender. Qin Sheng could tell that it was a child's voice.

"Ding… You have received a special sound wave attack of resentment. Due to the special effect of [Courage], the fear effect is ineffective!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Damn you!

Again?

Putting aside the hallucination caused by the flowery fragrance just now, there was also the fear of the sound wave attack here?

What kind of demonic place was this? It was too abnormal!

“As expected of an [S] class wilderness instance dungeon. This level of difficulty is truly indescribable.”

Qin Luo could not help but sigh.

Compared to the Sanguine Primrose’s Snowtear Village quest, the Demon Palace was undoubtedly much more difficult, or perhaps even more bizarre.

As long as the Ice Shrine solved the problem of the cold, what was left was to rely on brute strength. As for the Demonic Palace, the different regions required different solutions.

The previous ones were still alright, but this Withered Forest really exploded.

Qin Luo asked himself. If he did not have the [Hero's Medal] and was immune to spiritual control, he would not have died even if he had the ability to revive. However, he would not have been able to cross the Endless Sea of Flowers and come here.

"With this level of difficulty, even if the [Demon Palace] dungeon opens in the future, there will probably be very few players who can clear it! Of course, since it's a dungeon, there should be a solution. Otherwise, why would the dog system come out and scold the players?"

Qin Sheng did not know what the solution was.

Still.

Other than external factors, such as medicinal pills and equipment, the most obvious one should be the adjustment of difficulty.

After all.

This was the location of the Second Stage Professional Mission, and it was also the S difficulty rating. The current [Demon Palace] was not a dungeon, and had temporarily become his mission destination.

If it was not an instance dungeon, then there was no such thing as a difficult choice. It was equivalent to a special map. It truly existed.

In other words.

The Demon Palace now was the Abyss' Difficulty.

Even though it did not activate the real battlefield effect, it was extremely realistic. NPCs and conversations all had their own intelligence, as well as storyline connections.

Once it became an instance dungeon, the Boss' intelligence would be completely wiped out and become a programmed existence. It would be rigid and without a soul!

This was also the reason why there were ancient battlefields that passed over, Greed Demon Envoys moving out, Blood Devil Sword possession, and other triggering special missions!

"Who is it? Come out!"

Although the incessant laughter in his ears did not trigger any abnormality, this rather sharp voice was truly unpleasant to the ears. It was so noisy that Qin Luo Sheng's head was a little dizzy and he could not help but feel a little angry. "Such a person who hides his head and shows his tail. Come out and fight me if you have the guts."

Initially, it was just an arrogant remark in a fit of anger.

Unexpectedly.

Those monsters hiding in the dark really came out!

Qin Sheng:…

Were these guys idiots?

Still.

Upon seeing the true form of the monster, Qin Sheng immediately understood.

All of them were wearing red cloth bags and had their hair braided. Two large patches of red powder were smeared on their cheeks.

Wasn't this the attire of an ancient child?

So she was just a child. It was not so surprising that her clumsy provocation had succeeded.

Probing skill!

[Poison Baby (Gold Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 300,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 5000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 100

Magic Defense: 100

Speed: 5000

Skills:???

Introduction: Originally an ordinary baby, it was captured by the Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping and soaked in special venom. Every day, it was fed with refined venom and raised into a special biochemical weapon. Due to the prolonged inhumane torture of the baby, the pure soul of the baby, which was like glass, was contaminated. A great hatred was born in the baby's heart. He could not speak, but he could form resonance with the special laughter filled with hatred and produce special sound waves that affected the enemy!

Bastard!

Upon seeing the information sent back by the detection technique, Qin Luo's eyes immediately turned bloodshot.

His chest was filled with rage and his entire body was filled with killing intent.

Even though they knew that the Eighth Demon King was heartless and would commit all kinds of crimes, they did not expect them to be so evil.

The Dark Ice Python Xu Lin ate humans!

Bloodthirsty Bat Sun Qing sucked blood!

In the Spiders' Lair, where the Dark Demon Spider Forest Embellishment was located, the Spiders' Lair was filled with corpses that were hung upside down, wrapped in spider silk. The majority of the corpses belonged to humans, which made up more than 95% of the population!

Earth Demon Ape Gongsun Zhuang was bloodthirsty. The earth and stone region he guarded was filled with bones. Not only were there bones everywhere on the road, but his seat was also made from countless bones. It was extremely cruel and terrifying.

As for Li Zhan, he had used the blood of ten thousand people to refine the Blood Armament, which was also the ability to revive the Blood Demon Sword. There was no need to elaborate on his sins.