Chapter 603: The Young Master Of Thunderbolt

"…Even if you disperse the power of the Blood Demon Pill, the vocation you lost will not return!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

I knew this guy was unreliable.

You actually want to harm me and throw away my shadow warrior?

Tsk.

Do you not want to die from tricking me!?

“If I am to do as you say, would I be able to massacre hundreds of millions of lives?”

Qin Qin asked.

"No!" The Blood Devil Sword replied without even thinking. "You're not Lord Blood Demon, and I'm not the me at my peak either. You want to slaughter billions of living beings? Are you dreaming?"

"Oh? So honest?" Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes and asked, "I find it hard to believe that you're like this!"

"Believe it or not, it's up to you!" the Blood Demon Sword replied. "Even though I'm only a sword spirit, after signing a contract with you, you'll be my master before I find Lord Blood Demon. During this period, I won't hide anything from you, except for secrets."

“Really?”

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and weighed the pros and cons repeatedly. In the end, he made up his mind and gritted his teeth. "Fine, give me a Blood Fiend Pill!"

"No!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What the f*ck are you talking about?

Didn’t you say that the Blood Demon Elixir could allow me to become a Novice Blood Demon and cultivate the Blood Demon Sutra?

Why is it not working again?

“I was originally an arrow at the end of its flight. I relied on Li Zhan to absorb the blood essence of 10,000 people to recover a little bit of my strength. But in that battle just now, I used up all of it.”

The Blood Demon Sword replied matter-of-factly, "I can't even unleash my most basic abilities within a month. How am I supposed to condense the Blood Demon Pill with my blood essence?"

Qin Sheng:…

Fuck you.

Since you can't, why did you say hammer?

A month later?

What use do I have for you in a month?

Three days later, I might die under the dragon claws of the Dragon Abyss. At that time, you, who had just signed a contract with me, will become the spoils of war and become the possession of the Dragon Abyss.

The Dragon Race was one of the warring races that resisted the invasion of the Devil Race, and it was also one of the largest forces. That battle also suffered heavy losses.

This demon sword that had absorbed the blood of countless dragons might be destroyed by the human dao. How could it dream of finding its master, the Blood Demon?

Do you want to eat it?

"Forget it. It's better to rely on oneself than to beg others. I shouldn't have any hope for you!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not speak any more nonsense. He stuffed the Blood Demon Sword and Blood Demon Sutra into his backpack and stopped asking.

If the person who won three days later was him, then everything would be fine. He would come back to disturb him a month later.

If he couldn't, hehe, he'd better pray for his own luck!

"Let's rest for a while!"

Qin Sheng was exhausted after the first battle with Li Zhan and the second battle with the Blood Demon Sword. Especially after using the Indestructible Battle Intent, the fatigue and weakness that swept over his body and spirit made him feel very uncomfortable. He had no other thoughts and only wanted to go limp and sleep until the end of time.

"Now, only the Second Demon King Yi Ping and the Great Demon King Lin Xiao are left. There's no hurry!"

After considering for a moment, Qin Sheng did not continue to advance for safety's sake. Instead, he chose to go offline and rest.

Originally, he had planned to use three days to prepare for the decisive battle. But after the transaction with Dragon Emperor, his equipment was strengthened, so three days of preparation time was saved. Now he had plenty of time, so there was no need to rush.

Offline.

She set the alarm.

Qin Luo Sheng retreated from the gaming capsule onto his bed and fell asleep in a second, falling into a deep sleep.

Five hours later.

The alarm clock rang.

Qin Luo opened his eyes and got up from the bed. He stretched lazily. That energetic look of his did not have the slightest bit of tiredness from before.

His transformed body was just that amazing!

His recovery ability was too low!

Qin Sheng skillfully ordered the takeaway, washed it, then sat on the sofa with his tablet and entered the official website of Fate Dimension.

Recently.

As the final battle against the Dragon Abyss approached, the Demon Palace mission was also extremely cumbersome. During this period of time, Qin Sheng had not even logged off much. He could not pay much attention to it.

He took this opportunity to briefly look at the recent events.

For an expert player at the forefront, information was very important.

A glance.

Hmm ~

Many things had indeed happened recently. However, most of them were due to the opening of the strengthening system and dungeon system. This caused the various war zones, which had been progressing slowly, to instantly become lively.

Whether it was the benefits of the official dungeons or the snatching of wild dungeons, they were all hot topics.

‘ Of course.’

There were also many players who posted pictures.

‘ What’s the tan?’

It was naturally strengthening!

There were indeed crouching tigers and hidden dragons amongst the commoners.

Enhancement + 7?

It was considered barren!

This was only a minimum enhancement!

Enhancement + 8 was barely visible.

Enhancement + 9 was a big shot.

Enhancement + 10?

Forget it!

He was either a God-level nouveau riche or a lackey. He couldn't afford to offend him!

"Tsk tsk, this is quite impressive!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at a picture on the forum. It was a screenshot of an Epic Strengthening + 10 single-handed sword.

As for attributes, they were average. The special effects and supplementary skills were not very strong. However, Epic Strengthening + 10, Basic Attack + 1,600, Extraterritorial Strengthening + 10 additional rewards. Those equipment that were not strengthened to the point of perfection were indeed incomparable.

"As the saying goes, one should not show off one's wealth. This Epic equipment with + 10 Enhancement is simply a huge diamond! Even if I rely on this to make a name for myself, I will still be targeted by some jealous people with ulterior motives."

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes lit up and his face flushed. "For example, me!"

That's right.

Qin Luo Sheng had taken a fancy to this single-handed sword.

Except.

He was not targeting this Epic Single-Handed Sword that was enhanced by + 10. This thing B was not even comparable to his most trashy [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier]. There was nothing to think about. What he was targeting was the owner of this sword—Young Master Thunderbolt!

This ID, which had gradually faded from his memory, once again made him recall the grudges from back then.

"Enhancement + 10. This is too difficult. Even someone like me who has advanced weapon refinement techniques and has explosive luck could only manage to get one [Coiling Dragon Water]. Now that I have a complete set of Enhancement + 10, it's all thanks to the Dragon Forging Grandmaster."

Qin Qin Sheng sneered. "If I'm already so difficult to deal with, what makes Young Master Leiting so capable?—Lucky bastard? I don't really believe it. Then, the only explanation is that this fellow must have used a large amount of gold coins and Augmenting Gems!"

"Looks like this fellow's recent days have indeed not been easy! This time, he created such a big matter. It should be to attract people's attention and raise the reputation of the Thunder Trade Union that's deteriorating with each passing day... Say, if I were to drop this treasure that he spent so much money and expended so much energy to create, would he go crazy to the point of wanting to die?"