Chapter 611: Devouring Law Fragments (1)

So this was true strength?

Qin Luo narrowed his eyes.

Yi Ping, who had regained her original form, was now at the Epic stage. She looked excited.

Enhanced Gold Bosses were not interesting at all. They were completely killed.

Only Epic could be considered a treasure.

With his luck, the first Ancient BOSS that was killed could be considered to have dropped an Ancient equipment. After the Starlight Miracle Evolution, he directly entered the Legendary stage and advanced to the first level.

If he could really get the equipment he needed from Yi Ping and Lin Xiao, Qin Sheng could also take the opportunity to strengthen it and replace his current equipment.

Legendary and Epic were not as different as Epic and Gold. The difference was on a completely different level, but their attributes were much stronger. It was what he needed right now.

"Brat, die!"

As Yi Ping brandished the gigantic vine in her rage, a wild whip lashed out. The strong wind whistled and the sound of air being torn apart could be heard. Qin Sheng had no doubt that even with his current attributes, if he was whipped, not only would he be sent flying on the spot, he would also be severely injured.

"Too slow!"

Unfortunately.

In Qin Sheng's eyes, this speed was undoubtedly slow.

"You've become much stronger after transforming into the main body of the Piranha Flower Goblin!"

A wisp of rich life force appeared on Qin Luo Sheng's body. It was precisely the "Ice Skin" that allowed him to recover to his peak state in an instant. Even the poison that he had been consuming all this while had been eliminated.

"Jade Bone!"

Glazed jade bones, ice muscles and veins. At this moment, it was as if Qin Sheng had cultivated to the Immortal Realm on land and had transformed into a stainless body. His body was glistening and his entire body was emitting a rich fragrance.

"I only have one minute of immunotoxin time, but it's enough to deal with you!"

The corrosive fragrance and poison no longer invaded Qin Luo's body. In the blink of an eye, he put away the trash equipment that Hua had bought with a hefty sum of money and changed into his own set of Enhanced + 10 equipment. His attributes increased tremendously.

"Dragon Might!"

-700000!

"Gaze of Death!"

-700000!

It was a weakening skill.

The reason why he had been holding back was because he knew that these Demon Kings were more intelligent than the other. They also had the main body of a mutated beast which was equivalent to having two lives. Now that they had been used, it was perfect.

“Damned brat, exactly what did you do?”

In an instant, her bodily functions were reduced by almost half. Yi Ping was shocked and angry. "Who are you?"

“You have no right to know.”

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze was cold as he took a heavy step forward with his sword in hand. His target was Yi Ping, who had taken root underground and could no longer move.

"Arrogant!"

Yi Ping's body trembled as she waved her twin whips.

The vines wriggled like snakes coming out of their holes and attacked crazily. Something similar to pollen flew out from their bodies as they shook and expanded in the air, turning into terrifying spore bombs.

"One method. Do you still want to deal with me twice?"

The sharp sword qi transformed into dragon-shaped energy and intertwined with the golden, red, and blue dragons in the air, forming a huge wave that ruthlessly "slapped" forward.

“Dragon Soul Impact!”

In an instant.

The broad tri-colored impact surged forward in the direction of Qin Sheng's guidance, annihilating all the tiny spores and bullets. The high temperature melted, and not even a bit of poisonous powder floated out, completely vanishing.

Not only that.

The thirty-meter-long effective distance allowed him to destroy the Spore Bomb without much effort. The remaining force did not decrease as it struck the immobile Yi Ping.

Boom…

How terrifying was the [Coiling Dragon Water], which had reached the Mythical stage and had been enhanced by + 10 to perfection?

This unique skill had evolved twice and absorbed the Fire Dragon Soul and the Dragon Emperor’s Golden Dragon Soul, turning from a single-colored shockwave to a three-colored shockwave.

To a certain extent, these three elemental fusion spells were not inferior to forbidden spells.

It was just a straight-line assault and effective distance that limited the [Dragon Soul Assault].

The power of a single wheel.

It was no different from a small-scale forbidden spell!

"Ah…"

Yi Ping screamed. She screamed. She screamed sharply. She screamed miserably. She screamed angrily…

The energy dissipated.

What entered Qin Luo's sight was a ragged carnivorous flower demon.

Under the damage of the shockwave that was as high as 1000%, it directly annihilated 28% of Yi Ping's health points, destroying 1 million!

Not only that.

The Dragon Soul Shock also had Crippling, Intimidating, and Fear effects. A Mythical weapon against an Epic Boss, and because Yi Ping was a dark-type creature, the trigger rate was greatly increased.

At this moment.

His entire body was in tatters. A section of his right shoulder was missing. It had been blasted to smithereens.

"This is really tragic!"

Qin Luo sighed.

If it was an ordinary person, their body would have been completely destroyed. Even if they did not die, they would be severely injured. At the very least, they would no longer have the strength to fight.

Unfortunately.

Yi Ping was no longer human, but a Man-eating Flower Demon.

Despite being affected, the vines were still waving vigorously.

"Shadow Banner!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body trembled. In an instant, he transformed from one to eight. His original body carried seven afterimages as he pounced towards Yi Ping together.

"Bang…"

"Bang…"

"Bang…"

…

The sound of clones being destroyed rang out continuously. After advancing for less than five to six meters, not a single one of the seven clones fell. They were all beaten up by Yi Ping's rapid whip.

Yet.

That was enough.

Qin Luo's clone's sacrifice bought time for him to step within ten meters of Yi Ping.

"Instant Slash!"

Yi Ping was originally an archer. Although she had regained her original form as a Piranha Flower Demon, she did not change much in essence. This was because the Piranha Flower Demon was a flower that was rooted in the ground and could not move. Other than the power of devouring, her attacks could cause instant kill. It was only the terrifying double whips of vines.

Have you never seen a pig run before?

Qin Luo naturally knew the weakness of the whip.

Similar to a spear, it was an inch long and an inch strong. It could block off enemies from the outside and could bully enemies with short weapons such as swords, daggers, finger tigers to death.

Still.

No matter how strong they were, they were lacking.

As long as he was in close range, or more accurately, close range, he would not be able to utilize his weapon advantage. Instead, he would become a hindrance and restrict himself.

The Instant Slash was close to Qin Luo Sheng. He instantly used the Spiritual Light Cloak's flying ability. Under his absolute speed, his body circled around the ten-meter-tall Man-eating Flower Demon's main body, constantly flying up and down. He was extremely agile. No matter how furious Yi Ping was or what moves he used, he could not touch a single hair of his.