Chapter 615: The Second Way To Get Rich, The Idea To Strengthen Business

The Demon Lord Palace was huge.

The front section started from the front plaza where the Demon Palace guards were patrolling, all the way to the inner court area guarded by the Seven Demon King Li Zhan.

The middle section started from the small palace groups patrolled by the Commandant of the Demon Palace to the Withered Forest area guarded by the Second Demon King, Yi Ping.

The rear part started from the imperial harem in front of the palace where the palace guards patrolled, all the way to the real palace where Great Demon King Lin Xiao was.

At this moment.

Qin Luo Sheng was in front of the Demon Lord Hall.

After spending more than five hours, Qin Sheng finally shuttled through countless small palaces, killing all of the guards hidden within.

"Phew… I'm so tired!"

Looking at Qin Luo, who had fallen to the sword, he hurriedly opened the mission panel. His original 98% completion rate had finally reached 100%.

The second stage was finally complete!

Next.

There was only the third phase left, which was also the final phase—killing the Demon Palace’s founder, Demon King Lin Xiao, completely disintegrating this incomparably evil force.

"Let's take a rest and clean up the spoils of war!"

Qin Luo Sheng found a random step and sat on the ground. He shared the food with the big rice bucket, Xiao Xiao Xiao, and Bing Bing, while he glanced at his hunger level and realized that it had only decreased by less than 60%. However, he still picked up two meat buns and casually ate them to fill his hunger level.

"50 Magic Palace Guards, 50 Gold Bosses, I'm really rich!"

Qin Sheng did not care about equipment.

Even though the Magic Palace Guard had a decent amount of gold equipment, there were still 20 to 30 pieces of gold equipment after 50 of them. With a single upgrade, they could turn into 20 to 30 pieces of Epic equipment. However, without exception, all of them were low-level Epic equipment. To him, there was no need to waste the Augmenting Gems.

‘ Of course.’

For other players, it was hard to find a good item.

After all.

Regardless of the attributes, the grade was still a fact. It was still impressive.

"This drop rate is simply too high!"

What Qin Luo Sheng valued the most were the materials, the Boss San Bao. "I don't know if it's because the strengthening system has just been released, but the drop rate of these Augmenting Gems and Spirit Crystals is really high. Out of the 50 Magic Palace Guards, they gave me close to 500 low-grade Augmenting Gems, 20 mid-grade Augmenting Gems, and over 100 Spirit Crystals. I almost broke 1,000 crystal coins! Just this one vote alone was enough to make a profit."

Impressive, System Bro!

‘ I’m sorry.’

I was wrong about you before.

I thought you were here to cause trouble for me, but who knew that you are the God of Fortune!

I fucking thank you!

"It's too much, it's really too much!"

Qin Qin Sheng muttered to himself, "After this trip, the low-grade Augmenting Gems in my hands have at least exceeded a thousand. I did not calculate anything else, but it shouldn't be too bad either. After all, the drop rate is right here. Based on this crazy explosion, it won't be long before the price of being raised falls rapidly. After the bubbles burst, those hoarders will definitely cry to death."

"The acquisition of Hidden Dragon Pavilion can stop now. I can't be the one to take over a pile of high-priced Augmenting Gems in the end. Of course, the mid-grade Augmenting Gems, high-grade Augmenting Gems, spirit crystals and crystal coins are still the same. I can even slightly increase the purchase price."

Qin Sheng's eyes lit up as he looked at the pile of Augmenting Gems in his backpack and then glanced at the pile of unidentified equipment not far away. "It seems that I've found another way to make a fortune. With my abilities, I can totally treat strengthening as a business!"

"Firstly, I have a lot of materials. Secondly, I have a higher level of refining skills with the foundation of strengthening—secondary Blacksmith. Lastly, I have 38 points of luck that affects the success rate of strengthening. Combined, my success rate of strengthening will definitely surpass others."

"Of course, strengthening + 10 is a little difficult, and the investment is too big, so I can't do it. However, strengthening + 7, to me, even if I don't have hands, it's easy, but the success rate is at least 90%!"

"Hahaha… What's the point of selling ordinary equipment? If my Hidden Dragon Pavilion wants to sell, we'll sell high-end strengthening equipment, the kind that brings light (after + 7, there will be a halo shining). You can imagine how crazy those rich big shots would be when my Hidden Dragon Pavilion produces a large batch of strengthened + 7 Epic equipment."

"Tsk, when the time comes, the Nine Hidden Dragon Pavilions in the nine main cities will be like a marketplace. Whether it's the low-key God-level nouveau riche or those prestigious missions, all of them will be waving their money around and crying for their parents to come and ask me to sell their equipment. Hmm ~ ~ Just thinking about it makes me excited!"

The idea in his mind made Qin Luo's face flush with excitement.

Even though they had earned enough money, who would complain that they had not earned enough?

Besides.

What Qin Qin Sheng cared about was not money. That was secondary. What he cared about was that feeling, that sense of accomplishment.

Again.

Selling strengthening equipment was not only to further boost the reputation of Hidden Dragon Pavilion, but also to build up its reputation. More importantly, it was to train oneself, refine one's refining skills, increase one's proficiency, and become a Master.

Qin Luo Sheng had already been won over after seeing the elegance of a Dragon Refinement Grandmaster once. His heart yearned for it.

Forget about grandmasters and martial grandmasters for now.

However, there was still a chance to come into contact with a Master.

It was very difficult for him to forge it himself. After all, forging was a dragon. He had to consider every aspect from the beginning to the end. It was too time-consuming and exhausting.

Besides.

Without good blueprints, just forging some trashy stuff would result in a pitiful increase in proficiency. This small amount was simply a drop in the bucket for him to go from high-level to master-level.

Where were the good blueprints?

There were also some!

But the materials were hard to find!

In addition, his methods were unfamiliar. Once he failed, the losses would be huge.

In comparison.

Enhancement was the best shortcut.

First, there were many materials.

Secondly, it consumed less stamina and energy.

Thirdly, the success rate was high.

Finally, and most importantly, his proficiency increased.

In that case, there was no reason for Qin Sheng not to strengthen it!

Plus.

Equipment that had been enhanced could be sold for a very high price. It was far better than selling the equipment that had not been enhanced.

"Once the matter at Dragon Abyss is settled, we will start to implement the strengthening plan. Since the price of the Augmenting Gems is still there and everyone has very few completed Enhancement products, we should try to quickly get a batch of equipment that has Enhancement + 7 and above and earn a huge profit."

Qin Qin Sheng's heart was burning with passion. He could not wait to return to his own workshop and do something big.

"Have you rested?"

He turned his head and looked at Xiao Xiao and Qin Luo, who had finished their meal and were resting on their stomachs. His blood was boiling. "Let's go when we're done resting! We can go home as soon as we get rid of that devil Lin Xiao."