Chapter 618: The Confrontation Begins, Each With Their Own Scheme

"Believe it or not!"

Qin Luo shrugged. "Anyway, I'm already here! Are you blind or not?"

"Little Ping'er, were you the one who instigated the rebellion?"

Lin Xiao gritted his teeth and asked, “What exactly did you do?”

"Nothing!"

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes narrowed as he sneered, "I merely killed your Little Ping'er and made use of her corpse. Don't worry, I didn't instigate her to defect, nor do I have the ability to do so. The Little Ping'er that you love, didn't betray you."

"However, this person who loved you deeply, who refused to give up even before her death, and no matter how hard I tried to punish her, I was unable to make her open her mouth to reveal your information. However, Little Ping'er, who loved you the most, died in the hands of the person she loved the most, and she was even beheaded by a saber. She died without an intact corpse. Tsk tsk, it's too tragic!"

Lin Xiao's body trembled. He could not help but look at Yi Ping, who was lying not too far away with her corpse separated. He roared, "Shut up!"

Qin Luo's lips curled into a sinister smile as he watched Lin Xiao fall into a state of disarray.

He had to use this method to deal with such an arrogant and inhumane beast.

Wouldn't killing him be letting him off easy?

Even though he was a heartless and selfish person, he would never hurt himself because of someone else. Even though they shared the same bed and accompanied him all the way from the human world to this dark world, he was still able to kill him without any hesitation. This showed how ruthless he was.

Shame? Regret? Frustration?

He he…

How could the great Demon King Lin Xiao have these emotions?

Even if he was killing Yi Ping.

Still.

Lin Xiao was not a complete demon after all. He was heartless. Yi Ping's death was enough to shock him a little. At least, he was angry, wasn't he?

“Were you sent by the royal family of the Towering Kingdom?”

After his anger subsided, Lin Xiao also calmed down. He stared at Qin Sheng and asked fiercely, "Were you sent by that emperor's son?"

It was a misunderstanding.

It was really a misunderstanding.

That incomparably dirty place in the Towering Kingdom, that filthy place in the royal family of the Towering Kingdom, how could there be such a pure, self-respecting, heroic, and handsome sunshine guy like me?

"So what if I am? So what if I am not?"

Qin Sheng, who had been prepared to stall for time, naturally did not mind speaking to Lin Xiao. Thus, he flicked his wrist and said, "Do people like you still care about these things? In any case, I'm here to take your life. What difference does it make whether I'm a member of the Paleolithic Empire or not? The mistakes you've committed and the sins you've created are punishable by everyone. It's not just the Paleolithic Empire that has the qualifications. Any human has the qualifications."

"How boring!"

He had originally thought that Qin Sheng had some high opinions and that was it?

The so-called sense of justice that was commonly talked about.

Lin Xiao immediately lost interest.

That made sense.

At his age, he was probably just like this man in front of him. He had a heart of justice and a heart of common people.

Unfortunately.

The dark empire and cruel world gave him a blow to the head.

He, who had been well protected since he was young, had been deliberately arranged to study well since he was young. When he saw the beautiful him, he was quickly corrupted after the woman who was called "Mother" passed away.

Dirty, ugly, dark, greedy…

High and mighty nobles!

An imposing and upright royal family!

It seemed…

Even dirtier.

As a prince, all he could see was the disgusting cruelty without any concealment.

So.

He had voluntarily given up the throne and the right to inherit the throne. He had fled, escaping from the imperial capital, which was suffocating.

Yet.

Even so, his brothers did not let him off.

Countless killers had arrived!

Countless streams of dirty water came flooding in!

There are visible cold edges and invisible political persecution.

Him.

His heart was full of light, and he abided by the creed of a knight. He had once promised his mother that he would become a great man, but under the baptism of darkness again, he finally fell to the brink of death.

Relying on the slightest means, on the ambition and ruthlessness of his father, who was already old and no longer young, evoked his extremely weak compassion for his kinship, as well as his nostalgia for the mother who wanted him to become the most foolish so-called great man, he was finally released from the vortex of persecution and became the commander of the Second Legion.

Ha ~

The second-ranked army of the Empire, one of the two most powerful weapons of the Empire, had actually handed it over so casually to him, a person without any military achievements, just because he was a prince and had the blood of the royal family of the Tarling Kingdom on him.

Such a decadent empire should not have existed and should have been buried long ago, reduced to dust in history.

He had the status of a prince and the power of a legion commander.

Him.

He finally had the strength to protect himself.

But.

His elder brother, the direct descendant of the empress, how could the so-called crown prince watch such an unstable factor exist?

When his father passed away, the crown prince immediately chose to oppress him.

Fortunately.

The Lich appeared.

That pathetic young fisherman had been persecuted by the decadent royal family and nobles. He had degenerated into a demon and turned into a lich. With a belly full of anger and destruction, he had descended into the human world as a demon and began to evolve the hell in his heart into reality. In this land that reeked of decay and blood, he had completely reduced the Towering Country to an abyssal purgatory that could never be freed.

From the Undead Lich, he saw Omega and his future.

Hatred, destruction, darkness, anger, violence, killing…

How wonderful!

How powerful!

This power, this power, Spalasi!

So.

He had defected.

He let go of his noble status as a prince, let go of his immense power as a commander, let go of everything, chose depravity, chose darkness, chose betrayal!

Had he betrayed her?

Perhaps.

To Mufeng City, to the Towering Kingdom, and even to the Human race, he had indeed betrayed them.

But.

He did not think so.

He hadn’t betrayed her.

He was just following his heart. That was all.

For the sake of that rotten empire, for the sake of that idiotic elder brother who was jealous of talents, the new emperor of the empire used his own life to be loyal?

Ha ~

How foolish!

From the day he decided to leave, he had already rewritten his fate.

What was wrong with embracing the darkness?

No one knew how happy he was now that he was freed from the shackles of his heart. He was so happy, so happy, and so… great!

From then on.

Without the Second Prince of the Towering Kingdom, without the commander of the Second Army, without a human called Lin Xiao!

Him.

It was Demon Palace's Demon King Lin Xiao!

It was the Ghost-Faced Demon Teng Lin Xiao!

Never again—

Human Lin Xiao!