Chapter 619: Prelude, Plans Before The Final Battle (1)

"The Great Demon King Lin Xiao is definitely a ruthless character. How should we deal with him to minimize the difficulty?"

As he looked at Yi Ping's corpse, Qin Luo Sheng mechanically stuffed the meat buns into his mouth as his mind wandered.

"If I'm not wrong, Lin Xiao is at least an enhanced Epic or even Legendary stage."

Qin Luo recalled the Ice Goddess Hall.

Sanguine Primrose's Class Advancement quest was also an [S] class quest. The final BOSS, Snow Goddess (Evil), was so strong that she had suppressed him to the point where he couldn't even breathe. In fact, she had even given up her pride as a Warrior and didn't dare to get close to him. She could only rely on her long-range attacks to suppress his attacks and gain some breathing room.

Moreover…

After falling into a desperate situation, he could be resurrected and sublimated, becoming a legendary existence. He could be absolutely tortured.

If not for the fact that the five brooches had combined into one at the critical moment, giving him immense power and the Flower Goddess' revival, giving him a perverse Blessing buff, there was no way he could have won.

Demon Palace.

It was also a Job-Changing Mission.

It was also rated as [S] class difficulty.

But compared to the Ice Snow Temple, the difficulty was even higher.

Why?

The Ice Snow Temple was limited to two days.

As for the Demon Palace?

Ten days.

One could tell from this.

The Ice Snow Shrine had a pagoda-like palace, and it went up layer by layer.

The Demon Palace was filled with palaces, one floor after another.

But.

The difference was huge.

After all.

There were less than five Bosses in the Ice Shrine.

As for the Demon Palace?

There were eight Demon Kings.

There were also many small bosses.

For example.

Demon Palace guards, Commandant of Demon Palace, Demon Palace guards.

Again.

There were three Epic BOSSES in the Demon Palace.

First was Li Zhan, then Yi Ping, and finally Lin Xiao.

It was truly terrifying.

"Hai, it's a little difficult to handle!"

After finishing the bun and drinking a bottle of clear water, his stomach was full, and his hunger level was also maxed out. Qin Luo got up and looked at the slightly damaged environment that had just experienced a huge battle. He could not help but sigh. "Not to mention Yi Ping Shang, he is the weakest piece of trash at the Epic stage. Apart from being difficult to devour, he is pitifully weak in other aspects. However, Li Zhan is different. His combat strength is extremely strong and he even has a Demonic Armament like the Blood Demon Sword. If he did not play dirty tricks in the end and cut off the connection between him and the Blood Demon Sword, even if he could win, he would definitely have to pay a heavy price."

“To be able to suppress a fierce person like Li Zhan and even make the hidden aristocratic family’s Gongsun Zhuang follow him, it can be seen that this Great Demon King Lin Xiao, whether in terms of strength or charisma, has very strong merits. If I choose to fight him head-on and use all my trump cards, there is a high chance of winning. But if that’s the case, what should I do in the final battle three days from now?”

Headache!

Qin Qin Sheng paced back and forth anxiously, thinking of a countermeasure.

"It's a little difficult to fight with brute strength, but with soft strength, it might be possible. Who set the rule that one must fight head-on? As a player, isn't gang fighting the best way?"

"Right now, we don't have any teammates who can use a righteous group fight, but we can't lose the other 'traditional skills'! Trap, ambush, poison, block, back and forth, attract aggro, take drugs… Whatever you have, come and use it all. I don't believe that I can't beat a mere BOSS like you!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth fiercely.

"Speaking of poisoning!"

After thinking for a while, Qin Sheng's thoughts became active. Suddenly, he thought of something and hurriedly opened his backpack. After rummaging around, he finally found it.

[Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison]

Type: Poison (Corpse Poison)

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: Extremely special poison. It possesses an indescribably strange poison. Anyone who touches it will die, and anyone who touches it will die. Only a ten-thousand-year-old Corpse King can easily control it and unleash its ability!

As the three question marks with the most cards in the world of fate, Qin Sheng had great confidence in this.

After all.

He had never been disappointed in anything with three question marks, be it a skill book or a tool.

This [Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison] was a very impressive thing.

After obtaining it, he had carefully kept it as one of his trump cards, not daring to use it recklessly.

Now.

It was time for it to come out of seclusion and display its abilities.

Although he couldn't bear to part with it and wanted to use it on Long Yuan, there were still many good treasures on Long Yuan's side. One more Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison wasn't a lot, and one less Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison was quite a lot.

Using it on the Demon Palace's great Demon King Lin Xiao was not an insult to this hard-won Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison.

"But, how can the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison be transferred into Lin Xiao's body?"

He had a strategy, but how to implement it made Qin Luo's head hurt.

“Isn’t it too difficult to approach Lin Xiao and do such a thing while he’s completely unprepared?”

Qin Luo covered his head and looked at the Heaven Decimating Corpse Poison syringe in his hand. "Unless it's someone close to him that he doesn't guard against, or…"

An intimate person?

Qin Luo suddenly shuddered as if he had thought of something.

He turned his head.

He looked at Yi Ping, who was still lying there in her human form and no longer had any signs of life. A thought flashed through his mind.

"This plan will work!"

Qin Sheng seized this moment of inspiration and simulated the plan in his mind. After confirming the feasibility, he could not help but laugh out loud. "Hahaha… I'm a f*cking genius!"

Reaching out.

He removed the Ghost Face from his face.

He ignored the front and focused his attention on the supplementary skill below—

[Ghost Face Enslavement] was depleted. It split into a ghost mask and wore it on the target's face. It could be controlled and used by you. Duration: 5 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

That's right.

This was it.

Normally, this skill would be useless.

It was because if one wanted to control living things, they would definitely be struggling with all their might. Unless one’s spiritual force far surpassed the type that could completely crush them, otherwise, there was no way to carry out the so-called enslavement or control.

However…

The corpse was different.

Without consciousness and spirit, he was just a bag of skin. How he should control it was up to him.

"Keep it! Keep it!"

After figuring this out, Qin Sheng hurriedly ran over and placed Yi Ping's corpse into his backpack.

Fortunately.

There was a huge space with the Illusionary Spirit ribbon and Yi Ping's corpse was an inanimate object. Fate Dimension had a high degree of freedom. Furthermore, there were many missions that required him to bring back the corpse of a certain mission target or a certain part of it as a token, such as the ear of a long ear or the head of a Houndhead Man.

Hence.

Taking Yi Ping's corpse was allowed!

"Let's go!"

Qin Sheng was excited when he thought of a solution. He could not wait to fly to the Demon Lord Hall, to Lin Xiao's side, and begin implementing it.

Leaving the Dry Forest District.

After killing all the Demon Palace guards guarding the front of the Demon Lord Hall, they finally arrived at the main hall.

Qin Sheng, who had been tortured by the disgusting environment, vomited loudly and firmly.

When dealing with this evil devil, he would use his lover to poison him to death. He would not feel any guilt at all.