Chapter 613: Devouring Law Fragments (3)

Ding… You have successfully killed the second Demon King—Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping. You have received 1,000W experience points and 2,000 Reputation points! '

The system notification sounded. Qin Luo Sheng finally confirmed that Yi Ping was really a widow and heaved a sigh of relief.

"I only have 3% experience left before I reach Level 40!"

He opened his characteristic panel and looked at the EXP bar that had already reached its peak. Qin Sheng was overjoyed, and even the pain of his mental injuries seemed to lessen a little. "Now, even if I don't find trouble with the Great Demon King Lin Xiao, I can just find a random dungeon to level up for two hours and I'll be able to achieve my goal!"

He picked up Yi Ping's loot.

Qin Luo sat down on the ground and began to furiously harvest the corpse.

Ding… congratulations on collecting Tenacious Vine * 2! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting spore cells * 100! '

Ding… congratulations on collecting poison sac x1! '

Ding… congratulations on obtaining Devouring Law Fragment * 1! '

"Ding… Regretfully, current target cannot be collected!"

The crisp sound of the system prompt rang out several times. Qin Sheng finally heard the words "no harvest".

"Law fragments?"

Qin Qin Sheng was stunned, wondering if there was something wrong with his ears.

[Devouring Law Fragment]

Type:???

Grade:???

Effect:???

Introduction: Fragments containing the power of the law of devouring. If you can collect all of them, you might be able to integrate them into the complete law of devouring.

F*ck!

It was really this thing?

Qin Luo Sheng could not believe his eyes.

Initially, he thought that there would be different types of things with similar names. He never expected that it would really be the nomological law in his imagination.

"What a pity, it's just a small fragment."

Qin Luo Sheng squinted his eyes and looked at the fingernail-sized fragment in his hand with a look of regret. "It would be great if it was bigger. However, it's not bad either. For a high-level power like law, I can still come into contact with it at this stage. I didn't expect this demon Yi Ping to give me such a big surprise. I really have to thank her properly."

“It’s simply impossible to gather all of this and fuse it into a complete Swallowing Laws!”

Qin Luo Sheng knew his limits. He would not wallow in his unrealistic fantasies. That would definitely be a waste of time and life. "It's just that this nomological law fragment definitely has great uses. Otherwise, that fellow Yi Ping wouldn't be so perverse as to devour it instantly. It must be the ability to devour nomological law fragments."

Thinking.

Qin Luo Sheng carefully placed the law fragment into his backpack.

"If I have the time in the future, I'll bring it to the Dragon Forging Grandmaster to take a look. That old fellow is very knowledgeable. I don't know how many good things he has seen in his lifetime. He should know how to use it."

"It just so happens that he is also trying to break through to the martial grandmaster realm. With this kind of work, he will definitely be overjoyed and won't ask for any remuneration from me. This is a great opportunity. In the future, if I want him to make a move, even if he is willing to put down his status as a martial grandmaster, the price of making a move will definitely not be cheap."

[Poison Bag]

Type: Poison

Grade: Epic

Effect: Unknown

Introduction: It contains the ultimate poison that Yi Ping had carefully nurtured over the years. It has a wide range of uses.

What?

Epic poison?

This was great.

Qin Luo Sheng immediately beamed.

He had already given Mengmeng the [Special Virus Sample], [Corpse Poison], and other materials for her to develop the [Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison]. With the support of endless materials and money, Mengmeng's research progressed at lightning speed and had already produced a sample.

"If I hand this thing over to Mengmeng, I will definitely be able to create even more terrifying Sky-Severing Corpse Poison. Epic level poison is definitely possible, and I might even be able to create a Legendary level poison."

Qin Luo Sheng put the poison sac away happily. "If that's the case, Mengmeng's pharmacist might even be able to raise his cultivation level!"

He was pleasantly surprised by the devouring law fragment and the poison sac.

The tough vines and spore cells behind were considered good stuff, but in comparison, the brilliance was much dimmer.

Tenacious vines could be used to make weapons. The best choice was the long whip, and the second choice was the bowstring of the longbow!

Spore cells were spore bombs. They did not have a high lethality, but with the explosion, there would be toxins. If they were used in a group battle, it would be quite terrifying. Unless the poison resistance was very high, or there were many Priests around, or if all of them had high-level Instant Hui Potions, they would definitely die.

After inspecting the loot collected, the loot dropped.

Yi Ping was indeed an Ancient BOSS and Lin Xiao's lover. She had many treasures on her.

There were over 20 Augmenting Gems, 6 spirit crystals, and 137 crystal coins in total.

Get rich!

There were eight pieces of equipment!

Two Epic items, four Gold items, and two Silver items!

"Unfortunately, I can only use one Epic item!"

Qin Sheng had a look of pity on his face as he looked at the generic helmet and bowman helmet in his hands.

He no longer lacked money.

What he needed now was equipment that could increase his strength.

Still.

At least he had a helmet that could be used. It was not bad.

"I'll go back and appraise it to see if it's more suitable than the [Obsidian Crown]. If it doesn't work, even if it's a legend, I can only give up!"

Equipment did not mean that the higher the attributes, the better it was. It depended on whether it was suitable for oneself or not.

"After dealing with Yi Ping and clearing the last dry forest area of the Guardian Demon Palace, it's time for the Demon Palace's true owner, Demon King Lin Xiao!"

Qin Luo Sheng lay limply on the ground, with Xiao Xiao and Bing Bing sitting on either side of him as guardians.

"Rest for half an hour. When your spirit recovers, head to the Demon King's Palace!"

Taking out food and water from his backpack, Qin Sheng ate slowly, ignoring the dragon and qilin beside him, replenishing his stamina and hunger.

Faced with the upcoming final battle, he had to deal with it in his best state. Even a small problem like hunger had to be completely resolved. He could not ignore any details that would drag him down.

————

Half an hour later!

Qin Luo rose and continued on his journey.

After passing through an alley and two narrow streets, they officially stepped into the Demon Lord Hall area in less than five minutes.

After a few steps.

A human-shaped guard dressed in blood-red armor and wielding a spear appeared before Qin Sheng.

[Demon Palace Guard (Gold Boss)]

Level: 40

Health Points: 1,500,000

Mana: 0

Physical Attack: 13,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 8000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 4,200

Skills:???

Introduction: The deathsworn that Lin Xiao trained are powerful and loyal. As a hidden faction, they have completed countless dark and dirty missions. After following Lin Xiao's betrayal, they entered the Demon Lord Hall and became secret guardians. Without Lin Xiao's orders, anyone who dares to enter will be mercilessly killed by them!