Chapter 614: Level 40

A Level 40 Gold Boss?

Qin Luo gasped.

Good Lord.

The strength of this Demon Palace Guard was almost comparable to the Eight Demon Kings!

“As expected, Lin Xiao has hidden himself well!”

A single glimpse is enough to know everything.

To be able to tame such a tyrannical Demon Palace Guard, even though some of them had been trained as sacrificial warriors since they were young, they were still able to maintain their respect and loyalty to their master even after being constantly attacked by the darkness in the Dark Abyss. If there wasn't any suppression of force, even a ghost wouldn't believe it.

"Even though I really want to fight with Lin Xiao faster and kill him to complete this one week's mission."

Qin Luo carried his two swords and walked step by step towards the Demon Palace guards patrolling the surroundings. "However, before we eat the main course, let's have some appetizers. It's not a bad idea to raise our appetite."

Having killed the guards of the Demon Palace, Qin Luo naturally welcomed the appearance of the Demon Palace guards.

This dungeon was really exciting!

At other times, how could there be so many BOSSES for you to kill?

You have to know.

In the wilderness, there might only be one Boss in a vast region!

How could it compare to such a place?

"No wonder after the dungeon system was changed and opened, the entire Fate World went crazy. Whether it was those who had the ability to clear dungeons or normal players who did not have the ability, they were constantly searching for wild dungeons. Other things aside, just based on the situation of the Bosses gathering together, who wouldn't be jealous?"

Qin Luo sighed. "In the past, there was only one feudal lord monster in the wilderness. For example, in the Houndhead Men's Territory, the leader of the Houndhead Men was the Boss in charge of that area! The normal monsters in that area were the ordinary Houndhead Men, and the higher-rank elite monsters were the leader of the Houndhead Men. If the area was larger, there might be a second-rank Boss, such as the Black Metal, Bronze-rank Houndhead Men's Guards, and the Houndhead Men's Generals. Lastly, there would be the leader of the Houndhead Men, who was Silver-rank or even Gold-rank!"

It was too little!

It was really too little!

Even if one person took over the entire area, they would only be able to kill a few elite monsters, one or two, three to five low-level Bosses, and the last slightly bigger Boss!

Besides.

And that was only because you were lucky enough to meet them.

You have to know.

Before the dungeon was released, as long as it was an area suitable for leveling up, it would be filled with players. A monster that had just respawned would be killed by a group of mad dogs before it could even take a good look at this beautiful world.

To snatch the BOSS under such circumstances?

I want to eat it!

Other than being strong enough and having good luck, you also need to have a force to support you.

Otherwise…

To be able to kill one or two normal monsters and gain some experience was already not bad. Boss? It had long been surrounded by those large forces. Normal players did not have the qualifications to interfere.

But dungeons were different.

The Instance Dungeon was a mirror-like area. It could be split into 10,000, 100,000, or a million at the same time. As long as a player applied to enter the Instance Dungeon, a mirror-like area would be created. It would be specially provided for you or your team to monopolize. No one else would appear.

This way…

Players could kill monsters and gain experience!

If there was a BOSS to fight, equipment would be dropped!

He had a mission to do and earn gold coins!

Wonderful!

Even though the exchange rate of coins had increased, they were no longer living like beggars like before. They had worked hard for a day to earn so little bronze coins that they did not even have enough money for potions.

Yet.

Humans were greedy.

‘ I miss dungeons before I have them.’

After obtaining instance dungeons, he missed more instance dungeons.

There were only a few official dungeons that were given to players unconditionally. They would only release one every five levels, and they were limited to three instance dungeons per day.

Can I be satisfied?

Definitely not!

If there was no time for the game to be fully released, everyone would only have eight hours of gaming time. It might not be a problem.

The most important thing was that there was no time limit in the game now. As long as you were willing, as long as there were no problems with your body, you could be online for 24 hours a day.

There were many players in the wild and the number of dungeons was limited.

Even if he were to clear all the dungeons from start to finish and complete them three times, he would not be able to pass 24 hours!

At this moment.

The players were so anxious that they needed more things to fill up the boring game time.

The sub-professional players didn't care. If they wanted to find something to do, they would want to split an hour into two hours.

But the combat players could not!

Rich players were still alright. They could go to the PK Arena, pick up girls, shop… As long as they had money, they could do anything.

What about the civilians?

PK?

Forget it!

The medicine was free?

Don't you need money to repair your equipment?

What if he became enemies with someone else?

So!

I should just farm monsters and level up honestly. At the same time, I can farm some gold coins to maintain my own consumption. At the same time, I can see if I can drop some equipment. If I sell it, I can also add a drumstick for tonight's meal, right?

Thus…

At the same time, the dungeons that were released in the wild became the most sought-after in everyone's eyes.

Wilderness dungeon.

Whoever found it first would become the first to eat the crab.

Even those who did not have the ability to clear the level could sell information to the rich and earn a huge sum of money.

Wild dungeons were different from official dungeons. They could treat everyone equally.

Why?

The wild dungeons were similar to the wild maps. Even if it was due to the dungeon, it would still be reflected in the map. It would not be like the wild maps where there were people everywhere and monsters would be killed. However, the drop rate was the same as the wild maps.

In other words.

In a wild dungeon, the first person to eat crabs was the winner. As the pioneer, the drop rate was the highest, and the loot dropped was the best.

Then…

In the future, no matter if they were from the same team or not, they would only be able to eat the remaining bits of meat after the fatty meat was eaten.

After the flesh was the bone.

After the bones was meat soup.

…

Until the end, bland and tasteless, no different from plain water.

In other words…

Even if you killed an Ancient BOSS, the BOSS would only drop Bronze or even Black Iron.

The official dungeons were different.

It was based on the players themselves.

For example.

“Before you entered this official instance dungeon, 10,000 people had already cleared it. However, this has nothing to do with you. As long as this is your first time entering this instance dungeon, then for you, this instance dungeon is the latest. The drop rate is the highest in the beginning, and the spoils of war are also the highest in the highest grade.

Ding… You have successfully killed level 40 Gold Boss—Demon Palace Guard. You have received 120W experience points and 800 Reputation points! '

Under the double effect of Dragon Might and the Gaze of the Death God, the Demon Palace Guard, whose attributes were not very strong to begin with, was reduced to a dog. He was easily distracted by his thoughts, and Qin Sheng, who was multitasking, slashed at his sword.

"Almost, just a little bit more!"

Looking at the EXP bar that had already reached 99.4%, Qin Sheng took a deep breath and picked up the pile of spoils dropped by the guards. He no longer had any interest in checking them. His gaze was clear as he looked for the next unlucky person.

Five minutes later.

As another Demon Palace guard fell, Qin Luo Sheng felt a golden light that he had not felt for a long time. It wrapped around his body and lingered around him.

"Ding, you have leveled up. Current level 40, Health + 50, Mana + 10, Strength + 2, Agility + 2, Obtained 29 Free Attribute Points!"

Finally, Level 40!