Chapter 612: Devouring Law Fragments (2)

"Spore bomb!"

Qin Luo was vexed and frustrated by Qin Sheng. However, he had not achieved anything for a long time and Yi Ping, who had no means of attacking, had no choice but to do it again. He shook off the many spores on the surface of his body and transformed them into spores that exploded one after another, charging towards Qin Sheng.

"You really don't learn!"

Upon seeing this, Qin Sheng could not help but sneer.

“Since that’s the case, then let us give it a try. Let’s see who will be able to resist and who will stand at the end!”

In the face of the seemingly inexhaustible barrage of spores, Qin Sheng was not alarmed but delighted instead. Not only did he not have the slightest intention of dodging, he instead charged forward with his sword in hand. He closed in even more closely and increased his ferocious attacks. It was obvious that he wanted to withstand the endless bombardment and exchange his life for Yi Ping's while she was unable to move.

Rumble…

When the violent sword aura descended and slashed at Yi Ping, the numerous spore bombs flew over and exploded beside Qin Sheng!

“Bone Shield Wall!”

A shield wall made of bones rose and hovered around Qin Sheng, blocking the bombardment of many spore bombs.

"Is that all you've got? That's not enough!"

If Qin Luo Sheng was still a piece of trash equipment that had increased his poison resistance earlier, he naturally would not dare to take it head on. But now, he had been immune to the poison through the Jade Bone and had changed back to his original equipment. How terrifying would the full set of enhancement be?

Not only did his basic attributes skyrocket, but there were also strengthening rewards and additional ultimate achievement rewards.

At this moment, Qin Sheng had quite a bit of defense.

Especially under the augmentation skill, it was even stronger.

The most terrifying thing about Spore Bomb was not the explosion, but the poison powder scattered after the explosion. It was not blood-sealing, but it was not much worse. It was Yi Ping's strongest technique besides the Instakill Devour.

Unfortunately.

Qin Luo Sheng was now immune to poison, and the damage caused by the explosion seemed insignificant under his superb defense. Even though there were many of them, the only ones that could cause him harm were those around him within a limited range. Those that were too far away could not.

Since he was unable to insta-kill Qin Luo, he had no fear.

After all.

By the time the spores in the distance exploded and bounced over, he had already attacked countless times in this short period of time. He had already absorbed all his health points.

"How ridiculous!"

Qin Luo endured the pain caused by the spores exploding. If he refused to let go, he would risk his life with her.

Pain, he suffered!

But death.

It was Yi Ping's!

He had already reduced the pain to its weakest state. He could still endure this little pain.

On the contrary.

Yi Ping could not.

His Health Points, which were already unhealthy to begin with, decreased at an absurd rate when he was used as a target.

30%!

25%!

20%!

15%!

10%!

"I'm not convinced!"

Yi Ping’s HP dropped all the way to the 10% threshold. Yi Ping, who had been passively attacked all this while, suddenly let out an extremely sharp cry. Green light rose from her body. “Spores grow, vines grow!”

In an instant.

The originally ordinary weeds on the ground grew at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning into slender vines that grew in the wind and moved along with the wind.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The vines danced and blotted out the sky, sealing off the entire space. There was nothing Qin Sheng could do. Even if he turned into a mosquito, it was impossible for him to escape this inescapable net. He was bound tightly on the spot.

"Die, you despicable brat!"

Yi Ping dragged her tattered body and suddenly turned around. She faced Qin Luo Sheng, who was tied up and struggling in the air. She opened her bloody mouth and bit at him.

"Again?"

Qin Luo's heart skipped a beat. His expression that had always been silent and calm finally changed.

Even though he had never suffered such a blow from Yi Ping, he had suffered greatly in the mouth of the mutated Piranha Flowers that Yi Ping had personally nurtured in the Endless Flower Sea.

Instant kill!

A terrifying ability.

A one-hit kill.

If even ordinary Mutated Piranha Plants could cause instant-kill effects, then as their leader, the Epic Piranha Plant Demon would definitely have a higher ability. Perhaps, this mouth would not only cause instant-kill but also cause the revival ability to fail.

"Shadow cantrip!"

Qin Luo Sheng narrowed his eyes as his spiritual power surged forth, rushing straight into Yi Ping's mind.

"F*ck!"

In the next moment, Qin Sheng could not help but curse angrily.

Shadow cantrips could control targets, but it required tremendous spiritual power.

Even though Yi Ping was weak, she was still an Epic expert. Her mental strength was naturally not bad. Even though the shadow cantrip successfully invaded her mind and controlled it, causing her mouth, which was biting violently, to stop, the backlash almost caused Qin Sheng's mind to collapse.

Even so.

At this moment, Qin Sheng's mental state was extremely poor as well. His head was dizzy and his eyes were dazzled. If not for the fact that he was facing a formidable enemy, he would definitely faint and be at the mercy of others once he relaxed slightly.

"Shadow Clone!"

Qin Sheng had paid a huge price, and he had not paid for nothing. He had obtained the ending he wanted. With Yi Ping under his control, even if it was only for a moment, the vines under her control lost their strength and gave him a chance to escape.

“Shadow Escape!”

His body turned into an afterimage as he descended rapidly and disappeared into Yi Ping's shadow.

At the same time.

Having broken free from the shadow puppet's control, Yi Ping's momentum was like that of a ferocious tiger. His ten-meter-tall body and several-meter-long mouth were like the heavens to Qin Luo Sheng, who was not even two meters tall.

Instant kill!

Without a doubt, it was another instant kill!

Shadow clones were not comparable to the clones of the Shadow Banner. Shadow clones had physical bodies and combat abilities. Naturally, they would be similar to Qin Luo Sheng's main body. They had blood, blood, magic, attack, and defense.

Qin Sheng, who was hiding in the shadows, could not help but break out in cold sweat when he saw his doppelganger being swallowed whole without even letting out a scream. He was extremely shocked.

If not for the fact that he had used the shadow puppet to control Yi Ping and used the shadow clone to break free, he would have been the one being swallowed.

“Mad Shadow Slash!”

His body rose.

Qin Luo suddenly emerged from the shadows and aimed at Yi Ping, who had let down his guard after swallowing the shadow clone. He began to move back and forth and launch explosive attacks.

Instantly, his speed increased by 1000%.

Yi Ping had already lost the initiative and only reacted after being slashed twice. She wanted to use the same trick to bind Qin Sheng with countless vines. However, it was already too late. Before this, she only had 10% of her health left. Now that she was hit twice, she was like a candle in the wind.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Another two swift strikes!

The vines that blotted out the sky had just touched Qin Sheng's surroundings and surrounded him. However, the distance of less than a meter had become like a natural moat at this moment.

Yi Ping—

It fell!

The vines that were originally formed by energy instantly collapsed and withered, turning into weeds that were only a few inches long.

Ding… You have successfully killed the second Demon King—Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping. You have received 1,000W experience points and 2,000 Reputation points! '