Chapter 616: Hell-Like Demon King'S Palace

Demon Lord Palace.

The core location of the Demon Palace was also Lin Xiao's residence.

This was a majestic palace that covered an extremely large area. Qin Sheng could not see the end of the palace from his left and right.

Deep breath.

Qin Qin Sheng touched the top of Bing Bing's head. Bing Bing understood what he meant and gently strode up the stairs.

After walking past the 99th step, Qin Luo Sheng appeared outside the Demon King's Hall.

“Come, let me see just what sort of extraordinary character the originally corrupt and demonized Lin Xiao is!”

Qin Luo Sheng pushed open the door and carefully stepped into the Demon Lord Hall.

The vast Demon Lord Hall was not empty.

"That bastard!"

Looking at the decorations inside, Qin Luo's eyes bulged and goosebumps appeared all over his body. At the same time, the resentment in his heart rose to the extreme.

Using human skin as a carpet, human bones as tables and chairs, and using human oil as lamp oil, they illuminated the dried blood and dark red hall, making it even more sinister.

The stench assailed his nostrils and filled his nostrils. The temperature in the hall was not low, but it made Qin Luo Sheng feel an indescribable bone-chilling cold. That's right, it was the dense Yin Qi born from endless hatred, making this place seem like a ghost town.

Through the dim lights, one could vaguely see afterimages on the surrounding walls. Looking closely, one could see that those afterimages were actually dried meat pieces.

What meat?

Qin Qin Sheng did not know.

However, it looked like a human body. It looked like a human body with its head and limbs cut off. Combined with the human skin and bones in the hall, how could they not know what kind of meat it was?

"Urgh…"

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but bend over and vomit on the spot.

There are clouds in Journey to the West:

Skeletons were like mountains and forests. Man’s hair had done this. Man’s skin and flesh had rotted into dust. Man’s tendons were wrapped around trees, dry and bright as silver. It really was a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood, and indeed it smelled awful. The lesser demons in the east had taken flesh from the living; demons had poured down from the west and cooked the flesh fresh. If the Beautiful Monkey King had not been so brave, a second mortal would not have been able to enter.

He originally thought that this kind of purgatory only existed in novels. He never thought that he would actually be able to witness it today.

Even though the interior of the Demon Lord Hall was not as terrifying as the one in Lion Camel Ridge and was like a kingdom of hell, it could not be compared to the scale. In terms of cruelty and terror, it was not any weaker.

“Damn Lin Xiao, damn Demon Palace!”

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

Even though these people who died tragically had nothing to do with him, as a person, how could he not be moved when he saw such a scene? How could he not be angry?

Still.

Despite his anger, Qin Luo did not lose his rationality.

If there was meat from other animals hanging in here, although it was equally disgusting and unacceptable, it would be much better mentally.

In the end.

All of this was because he was a human, and the people who were being tortured and killed were his own kind.

Why?

Why was it pork, mutton, and beef? Even if he felt uncomfortable, he could still accept it with a clear conscience?

Nothing else.

The strong preyed on the weak.

Humans had stood at the peak for far too long. They had enslaved other races for far too long. They had long developed the mentality of being high and mighty.

In the Demon Lord Hall.

How was it different from those meat joint processing factories in reality?

Most people could not accept the internal environment of the meat joint processing factory and felt disgusted, especially when they saw the scene of pigs and cows being slaughtered. When they saw the cattle and sheep kneeling before their deaths and crying, they could not help but feel sympathetic.

However…

When it was time to eat meat, he still ate happily without any discomfort.

Why?

It was all because humans were the rulers who controlled the power.

In comparison.

Pigs, cows, sheep, chickens, ducks, geese, and so on were all in a dominant position. Even if they resisted, it would be of no use. Moreover, most of these animals had been raised since they were young. They had long since lost their original nature and could not even resist.

It was natural for humans to eat animals because humans were the spirits of all living things. They controlled the strongest power and could control everything. Even ferocious beasts like tigers and lions could not resist.

And wasn’t Lin Xiao from the Demon Lord Hall the same?

In Lin Xiao’s eyes, the so-called spirit of all living beings was nothing more than chickens, ducks, and geese!

He should have been used to this sort of thing and understood its principles, but why was Qin Sheng still so angry?

They were just on different sides.

Because Qin Sheng was a human, he could not bear to see this happen.

This was a double standard.

But this double standard was a mistake any intelligent race would make.

"Were these guys really humans in the past?"

Qin Qin Sheng was furious.

If he had been a demon to begin with, the existence of this Demon Cave would not have made Qin Sheng so angry. But clearly, the predecessor of this Demon Palace, be it the eight Demon Kings or the soldiers under them, were all humans!

Why?

Why were they so inhumane and cruel to their own kind?

Killing was one thing.

Eat more?

"There is no need for such a place to exist anymore. There is also no need for all the existences here to exist."

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was sinister. "When I kill Lin Xiao, I'll definitely burn this place to ashes!"

…

Demon Lord Palace.

Deep inside.

"Your Majesty, come on!"

Her coquettish voice seemed to be whispering in his ear, tickling his heart.

A handsome young man was sitting on a throne made of black metal mixed with human bones. Beside him were a few beautiful women dressed in thin gauze. They were either holding wine cups and offering wine, or lying in their arms to flatter him. They were either lying on the ground and gently massaging his feet, or standing behind him and massaging his shoulders.

Luxurious!

Perverted!

Decadent!

"Hahaha… Come, come, beauty, drink with me!"

The young man was lustful and soulful as he enjoyed the bliss of being surrounded by beauties. With a wave of his hand, he pulled a woman into his embrace and sat on his thighs, one on the left and one on the right. He drank the fine wine they offered and ate the delicacies they offered. His hands could not help but grope the slender waist of the two beauties, causing the faces of the two women in his arms to turn red as they let out soft moans.

At this moment.

A series of crisp footsteps sounded.

"Little Ping'er, you're finally here. You're late today!"

When he saw who it was, Lin Xiao smiled even more joyfully. He moved his hands away from his waist and waved at Yi Ping, saying anxiously, "Quick, come here. I haven't seen you for a few days. I missed you so much."

"Your Majesty." The beautiful lady sitting on the left side of Lin Xiao's chest immediately became unhappy when Lin Xiao pulled her hand away from her waist. She said coquettishly, "Don't you love us anymore?"

"Of course I do!"

Lin Xiao pinched Mei Jiao’s chin and laughed loudly. “How could I not love Beauty?”

As he spoke.

Lin Xiao's hand moved down from his chin and moved to Mei Jiao Niang's neck.

He smiled. He pushed.

Gently.

Crack!

His neck was broken.