Chapter 610: Spore Bomb

[Second Demon King—Piranha Flower Goblin Yi Ping (Enhanced Gold Boss)]

Level: 38

Health: 1,800,000

Mana: 300000

Physical Attack: 8500

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 3000

Magic Defense: 2000

Speed: 7,500

Skills:???

Introduction: Second Demon King—Piranha Flower Demon, Yi Ping. Originally, she was the commander of the second army of Mufeng City, which was stationed at the Paleolithic Kingdom. She was the commander of the army, Lin Xiao's concubine. She had long sleeves and was skilled in dancing. She relied on Lin Xiao to become the second-in-command. As the Undead Lich swept over with the power to destroy seventeen cities in a row, she lost her courage and fled. In order to conceal the deeds of the deserters and eliminate any traces of her escape route, she slaughtered countless villages and cities along the way. Finally, she escaped into the Dark Abyss and devoured the power of the Piranha Flower Demon, obtaining its devouring ability and detoxification ability. She guarded the Withered Forest area of the Demon Palace and stayed close to Lin Xiao's Demon King's Palace. At the same time, she also went to Lin Xiao's residence frequently to spend the night together!

Just this?

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Yi Ping's attributes and instantly laughed in disdain.

It was indeed because of Lin Xiao that he could achieve what he had today.

Based on this attribute.

Among the other six Demon Kings, he was at the bottom. However, he was able to stay in the Demon King's Palace. He was even stronger than Li Zhan, who was the strongest and had reached the Epic stage.

Ha ~

It seemed that this woman's bewitching technique was indeed impressive. Even a demon like Lin Xiao had fallen to her pomegranate skirt. Not only did she give him the status of being below one person and above ten thousand people, but she also didn't forget to bring him along when she betrayed him and escaped. After she fell into the demonic path, she also arranged for him to meet her from time to time. It was simply too amazing.

"Hunting Tiger!"

Yi Ping was a ravishing beauty to Lin Xiao and was extremely rare. However, to Qin Luo Sheng, she was a monster and a demon. He would definitely not show any mercy.

Ding… Target Second Demon King—Piranha Flower Demon Yi Ping. Affected by Hunting Tiger. Attack reduced by 30%. Fearsome state for 5 seconds!

Without a doubt.

Even an Epic BOSS like Li Zhan had full control over him. How could Yi Ping, who only strengthened Gold BOSS, be an exception?

"Berserk Strike!"

Ding… Absolute injury, reduced attributes by 20%!

“Vicious Destruction!”

Ding. The right arm was broken at the elbow, and the longbow fell.

"Extreme Speed Thrust!"

Ding… Her left eye was crippled. The ravishing beauty had turned into a one-eyed man.

In just five seconds.

Qin Luo Sheng had taken away nearly 30% of Yi Ping's health points and crippled her most important right arm and left eye, crippling her and making her unable to use her bow and arrow. She was now a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.

"Ah…"

Yi Ping, who had regained consciousness, instantly let out an extremely high-pitched scream. Her remaining right eye was filled with extreme resentment as she glared fiercely at Qin Sheng and cursed, "Damn brat, this old lady will definitely skin you alive and skin you alive to vent the hatred in my heart."

"Anyone can boast!"

Qin Luo gave a disdainful smile. His hands did not stop as he continued to attack ferociously. "If you can do it, then say it. Trash!"

"Spore Bomb!"

With her body destroyed and her attacking methods lost, Yi Ping instantly broke free from the restrictions of the system. Before her health bar dropped to 50%, she activated her skill.

In an instant.

Numerous things that looked like mushrooms were continuously triggered from Yi Ping's body and shot in all directions. Qin Sheng's position was the most concentrated.

"Without the ability of an archer, do you want to finish me off with poison attacks?"

Although Qin Luo Sheng was disdainful, he would not be careless.

He had just stepped into the Eternal Music Palace and had a conversation with Yi Ping. He had inhaled a lot of the fragrance of the flowers and had long been poisoned. At this moment, all his attributes had dropped to 43%. If not for the augmentation skills, he would not even have the capital to fight against Yi Ping.

Other than the poison, the so-called Spore Bomb would definitely cause significant damage. It was fine if there were only one or two of them, but with such a huge pile of them, with a rough glance, it would at least exceed three digits. How could they dare to take it head-on?

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo Sheng's body swayed and turned into an afterimage as he escaped into Yi Ping's shadow, avoiding the countless spore explosions.

Boom boom boom…

Boom boom boom…

Boom boom boom…

Endless rumbling sounds rang out continuously.

Even Qin Sheng, who had escaped into the shadow, could clearly feel the violent tremors on the ground. It was as if the earth dragon had flipped over and the dragon vein had exploded. It was horrifying.

"F*ck!"

In addition to the holes created by the spores, there were also countless viscous liquids on the ground. They were bubbling and emitting sizzling sounds as they rapidly corroded the ground.

"Fortunately, I don't have a head of iron. Otherwise, even if I wasn't killed by the explosion, I would have been poisoned to death by this poison!"

Qin Sheng was terrified when he saw that even the hard floor could not withstand the double blows of the bomb and the poison. He did not believe that his body could be tougher than the limestone floor.

"Is he dead? Hmph! This brat is really lucky!"

Yi Ping frowned as she looked at the empty Eternal Happiness Palace and the destroyed backyard. She snorted unhappily. “Wasting all the Spore Bomb that I’ve accumulated for so long, yet I didn’t get any benefits at all. How unlucky. Sigh, forget it. Today is the seventh day. It’s about time. That damn ghost probably can’t wait any longer. I’ve suffered heavy losses this time. Let that damn ghost pay for me!”

"Pay the bill? Get back your losses? I think you should see how you can keep your life!"

Qin Luo Sheng's shadow suddenly jumped out from the ground. With a heavy swing of his sword, he struck Yi Ping, who thought that the enemy was already dead and was completely defenseless, sending her flying into the sky.

Three seconds of paralysis.

Qin Luo seized the opportunity and attacked furiously.

“Phantom Illusion Array!”

The Illusionary Spirit ribbon on his waist shone brightly as the Illusionary Array was activated instantly. Yi Ping, who had just fallen from the sky and had yet to "bare her teeth", was drawn into the illusion.

Qin Luo launched another fierce attack.

One second, two seconds…

Six seconds, seven seconds…

It lasted for seven seconds before Yi Ping broke free from the illusion. (The effect of the Illusionary Spirit Confusion Array is to fall into the illusion state for 3 to 30 seconds.)

"Damn brat!"

In just a few seconds, Yi Ping sensed that her vitality had fallen to less than 30% of her peak. She instantly went berserk. "I'm going to swallow you alive!"

As the angry roar filled with resentment and hatred filled the sky, Yi Ping's beautiful body swelled instantly. She became a monster that was more than ten meters tall. The lower half of her body was a bloated flower bud while the upper half of her body was a human body covered in green marks. Her hands were huge vines, and she looked like a green-faced monster with fangs.

Probing skill!

[Second Demon King—Piranha Flower Goblin Yi Ping (Epic Boss)]

Level: 38

Health Points: 3,500,000

Mana: 1000000

Physical Attack: 28,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 10,000

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 0

Skills:???

Introduction: Slightly