Chapter 617: Shocking Change! Counterattack! A Sneak Attack From Yi Ping

"Ah…"

A high-pitched scream suddenly sounded.

A sharp and ear-piercing sound broke the silence. The originally decadent voice and lewd atmosphere instantly underwent a tremendous change, turning into cold silence and panic.

"Gulong! Gulong!"

Ignoring the trembling maids who were paralyzed with fear, Lin Xiao brought over the corpse of the beauty who had just broken her neck. He brushed aside her hair, revealing her delicate neck. He opened his mouth wide and bit down, his throat moving crazily as he swallowed the still hot blood.

Bang…

The person who was still alive and smiling just a moment ago had now turned into an ice-cold corpse with gray eyes. She had racked her brains to please the man she went to meet and killed him with her own hands. Furthermore, he treated her like livestock, abandoning her after using her as if she was trash.

“Yeah?”

Hot blood rushed into Lin Xiao's throat, stimulating his appetite.

How could a person's blood satisfy his stomach?

He looked down at the maidservants who were lying on the ground.

"Spare me, Great Lord! Spare me, Great Lord!"

The maidservants, who had lowered their heads and were trembling all over, seemed to have felt Lin Xiao's evil and greedy gaze. In this desperate situation, they exploded with courage and strength. They didn't know where they got the courage and strength from, but they controlled their soft bodies and crawled up one after another. They knelt on the ground and kowtowed vigorously while crying non-stop.

"Come, my beauty!"

The pitiful pleas of a swan didn’t make Lin Xiao, this demon, feel the slightest bit of pity. He casually picked up the nearest maid and bit her throat, crazily swallowing her blood.

"The King is in a good mood today!"

Yi Ping slowly approached and looked at this hellish scene with interest, smiling.

"Come, Little Ping'er, come over and let me love you!"

After killing all of the maids and drinking their blood, Lin Xiao wiped his mouth in satisfaction. As he looked at Yi Ping's alluring figure, his entire body felt unbearably hot. He hurriedly waved at Yi Ping.

"Your Majesty!"

Yi Ping walked gracefully towards Lin Xiao and slowly approached him. Her body softened and she fell into Lin Xiao's arms. She wrapped her arms around Lin Xiao's neck and whined.

"We haven't seen each other for a few days. Has Little Ping'er learned how to act coquettishly?"

Lin Xiao said happily, “En, such a cute little Ping’er is quite interesting! I like it.”

“Really?”

The smile on Yi Ping's face instantly disappeared, and her tone became extremely sinister. "Since you like it, then go to hell and reunite with your Little Ping'er!"

“What?”

Lin Xiao’s expression was suddenly stunned. His brain had been dulled by the alcohol, and he still could not react to what had happened!

Still.

Lin Xiao soon understood.

That was because Little Ping'er, who was in his arms, was looking at him with a cold smile on her face. Her pure white hands were forcefully injecting something into the back of his head.

"Who are you?"

Lin Xiao immediately sobered up, and an unimaginable power burst forth from his body. The throne he was sitting on exploded into pieces, and at the same time, he grabbed Yi Ping’s neck and held her tightly.

“Me?”

Yi Ping sneered. "Am I not the King's Little Ping'er?"

Lin Xiao was shocked and roared, "No, you're not Little Ping'er!"

"Oh? Then, Your Majesty, who do you think I am?" Yi Ping suddenly smiled coquettishly, as if she was in the past.

"You, you…"

Lin Xiao was instantly rendered speechless.

How could he not know if it was Yi Ping?

Not to mention that familiar body and aura, that power was indeed the power of the Piranha Flower Goblin. It could not be faked!

But.

Why would Yi Ping attack him?

Why did Yi Ping change so much?

What was going on?

"Bastard!"

Lin Xiao did not have time to think too much about it. It was not that he was unwilling, but he could feel a terrifying poison spreading through his body, destroying his body without restraint. Immediately, his anger boiled, and his grip on Yi Ping involuntarily tightened. "I'll kill you!"

"Your Majesty, I'm Little Ping'er. Your Majesty, don't kill me!"

At this moment, Yi Ping, who had a cold expression on her face, suddenly regained her charming posture. She cried and begged for mercy pitifully.

Lin Xiao: "…"

Her melancholic gaze, her tears that were like white jade, and her pleading voice like a swan's cry…

Lin Xiao's hand immediately froze.

But.

His hesitation and kindness were not exchanged for Yi Ping's gratitude. Instead, Yi Ping, who had suddenly transformed into the main body of the Piranha Flower Demon, opened her mouth and bit him.

"Die!"

Yi Ping's large mouth bit into half of Lin Xiao's body. However, it did not trigger the Piranha Plant's devouring ability and instantly killed him. Even so, Lin Xiao was not in a good state. His health bar dropped by half.

Bang…

A berserk power burst out instantly. Yi Ping, who was biting Lin Xiao, had no strength to resist at all. She was sent flying and transformed back into her human form. Her entire body was in tatters.

"Who exactly are you?"

Lin Xiao was completely enraged. With a wave of his hand, a large ring blade embedded with nine rings appeared in his hand. He shifted his body and instantly appeared beside Bengfei and Yi Ping. The sharp edge of the blade pressed against her neck.

"Who… am I?"

Yi Ping tried her best to open her eyes and look at Lin Xiao. The corners of her mouth twitched and large mouthfuls of blood flowed out. She also revealed a mocking smile. "I am… your… ancestor!"

Swoosh…

Saber light flashed.

Yi Ping's beautiful head instantly left her body.

He was beheaded with one slash.

Clap clap clap clap…

At this moment.

A crisp clapping sound rang out, attracting the attention of the enraged Lin Xiao whose chest was heaving up and down.

"Who is it? Who's playing tricks? Get out here!"

Lin Xiao waved his hand, and a terrifying blade Qi immediately shot out, heading straight for the source of the applause.

“As expected of the former commander of the Towering Kingdom’s Second Legion. Tsk tsk, this strength is truly terrifying!”

An afterimage flashed past, easily dodging Lin Xiao’s blade energy slash. Looking at the broken equipment and the floor that was sent flying by the blade energy, Lin Xiao couldn’t help but sigh.

"Who are you? Show yourself if you dare!"

Lin Xiao was furious when his past identity was mentioned. However, he didn’t dare to act rashly because the enemy was in the dark while he was in the open. He only held the nine-ringed machete in his hand and remained vigilant.

"Me? I'm just an ordinary human!"

Qin Luo Sheng walked out from the shadows and faced the great demon king Lin Xiao with a face full of smiles.

"Human?"

Lin Xiao was somewhat startled as he looked at Qin Sheng, especially when he saw Qin Sheng’s young face. He was even more incredulous. “Don’t lie to me. Just who are you? How can an ordinary human, at your age, pass through the Dark Abyss Domain, pass through the ancient battlefields, reach my Demon Palace, and even pass through the other checkpoints that I set up, killing the other Demon Kings that I entrusted with important tasks, and come here? This is impossible!”