Chapter 620: Prelude, Plans Before The Final Battle (2)

Advance!

Advance!

Advance!

Quietly, Qin Sheng set off in the empty Demon King's Palace. Very soon, he heard a wave of decadent sounds. After using "Shadow Concealment", he entered stealth mode and hid in the shadows. Finally, he saw the Great Demon King Lin Xiao, the dark-skinned youth who sat on the throne with a domineering aura.

He took out Yi Ping's corpse and activated [Ghost Face Enslavement] to control her!

Then.

He controlled Yi Ping and walked out. He suppressed his anger and smiled as he watched the brutal Lin Xiao kill the maidservants who served him just now and drink their blood like an evil spirit.

"Little Ping'er! Little Ping'er!"

Lin Xiao called out deeply.

"I made the right bet!"

When Lin Xiao called out Yi Ping's name, Qin Sheng, who was hiding in the shadows, was very excited.

"After all, he used Yi Ping's corpse as a puppet and not someone else. Otherwise, there is a high chance that he would be exposed. After all, he is Yi Ping's lover. Even if we don't spend all our time together, we must be very familiar with each other. If we disguise ourselves, the possibility of being exposed is too high."

Qin Sheng could not help but snap his fingers as he watched the puppet, Yi Ping, approach Lin Xiao with ease and come into close contact with him without the slightest bit of surprise. Lin Xiao did not react at all.

This wave.

It was stable!

Indeed.

Controlling Yi Ping, he easily injected the [Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison] from the back of Lin Xiao’s head into his body.

Awesome!

It was too easy!

So relaxed that even Qin Sheng found it hard to believe.

This…

Success?

It was a little surreal!

Still.

It was true.

Looks like…

After staying in the Demon Lord Palace for a long time, drinking wine and having fun all day long, Lin Xiao had already lost his vigilance. In addition to the terrifying ability of the Ghost Face, he had enslaved Yi Ping's corpse.

As a puppet, who would have thought?

This was a move that was impossible to guard against. In addition, Lin Xiao himself had been paralyzed by alcohol and his own carelessness had resulted in this plan going so smoothly!

"Plan achieved!"

Qin Luo had confirmed that the Heaven Decimating Corpse Poison had indeed been injected into Lin Xiao's body. He was all smiles and could not even hide it.

Next.

Qin Sheng tidied his clothes and walked out as he looked at Yi Ping, who had been beheaded by a single slash, and listened to Lin Xiao's furious and incompetent roars.

It was time for the mastermind to appear!

After a round of talking.

Qin Luo did not care as he watched Lin Xiao sink into his own memories. He quietly waited for him to wake up from his memories.

Sneak attack?

Don’t be ridiculous.

What was the use of a sneak attack?

An existence like Lin Xiao, did you really think he would dare to be distracted in front of the enemy?

This was just an illusion.

‘ Of course.’

It was true that he was lost in his memories, but he never let his guard down.

For experts, their sharp senses and super strong response were extremely strong.

Qin Luo Sheng dared to guarantee that as long as he wanted to launch a sneak attack and did not even make a move, he would be detected immediately if he revealed a trace of his aura.

If that was the case, he might as well do it now.

After all.

His goal was to stall for time!

The [Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison] was very powerful. It could basically kill anyone below the Epic stage instantly. It was very vicious and powerful.

Yet.

Although Epic-ranked existences could also take effect, they needed time to disperse it and circulate it through their meridians and blood vessels, sending it into their organs.

"It's a pity that this thing can only be used to its maximum effect when it's a ten-thousand-year-old zombie. It's the fastest to take effect. I'm not, and neither is Yi Ping. It's a waste!"

Qin Luo, who was holding the Coiling Dragon Li Water and the Hundred-Battles Blood Soldier, stared fixedly at Lin Xiao. He had been on full alert the entire time and did not relax at all.

Even though they wouldn’t ambush Lin Xiao, they still had to be prepared.

This kind of devil was extremely strange and had all kinds of abilities. If he relaxed a little, he might disappear in the blink of an eye.

"I'm not the one at fault, it's this world!"

Suddenly.

Lin Xiao’s body trembled, his eyes blood red. He panted heavily, releasing a beast-like roar.

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

What's wrong, bro?

Why would he say such foolish words?

Are you a certain big boss wearing a mask?

"I'll kill you!"

After howling madly for a while, Lin Xiao's bloodshot eyes looked towards Qin Sheng. His body immediately shot forward like an arrow that had been released from a bowstring, and he charged over in an instant. The nine golden rings on the large machete in his hand rattled loudly from the violent movement. "Pay with your life, Little Ping'er!"

“Truly reckless!”

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up into a faint, sinister smile.

Originally, the [Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison] still needed a period of time before it could spread to his limbs, bones, and organs. However, Lin Xiao didn’t want to expel the poison. After all, he himself was here. Forcing the poison in front of the enemy was extremely stupid. But to do such intense movements was simply courting death. Was he afraid that the poison would invade too slowly?

Still.

Qin Qin Sheng could understand as well.

Not to mention that Lin Xiao didn’t know, even if he did, he wouldn’t have a second option.

If he were to use poison as a target, he would die immediately!

If the poison wasn't forced, the spread of the poison would be very slow. However, there would eventually be a moment where the poison would completely spread, and he would eventually die!

And now—

Even though the intensity of the battle would increase the circulation of blood and allow the poison to invade his body, if he was fast enough, he would still have some time to expel the poison and preserve his life.

"Hey, are you being reasonable?"

Knowing the situation, how could Qin Sheng allow Lin Xiao to do as he wished? He immediately activated the Roaming Snake Movement Technique and consumed the Gale Pellet. Using the Gale Talisman, he jumped up and down as fast as a rabbit. However, he did not cross swords with Lin Xiao. He only dodged, dodged, and dodged endlessly.

"You were the one who killed your lover. Tsk tsk, you even beheaded him. How cruel!"

Qin Luo moved away while attacking his heart. "Although I know that you are inhumane, that b * tch Yi Ping has been with you for a long time, hasn't she? Accompanying you to battle, to fall with you, to sleep with you… No matter what, there should be a little bit of affection, right? Yet you killed her without hesitation. Sigh, beast!"

"Shut up!"

These words immediately broke Lin Xiao’s defenses.

In his rage, Lin Xiao's footsteps were even faster, his saber qi was even sharper, and he bit Qin Sheng so hard that he finally had no more time to talk.

One minute!

Two minutes!

Five minutes!

After Qin Luo Sheng's Speed Boost Skill lost its effectiveness, he was in a perilous situation. Fortunately, the shadow warrior was weird enough. He used all sorts of teleportation, evasion, concealment, and evading into the shadows. After taking turns, under the circumstances where he tried his best to protect his Speed Boost Skill, he was not killed by Lin Xiao.

"Cough cough…"

Just as Qin Luo was crazily ridiculing Lin Xiao for having such a good physique, he suddenly stopped in his tracks. His face turned purple and he couldn’t help but cough twice, spitting out a pool of black blood that emitted a thick stench.

…

【删除】