Chapter 622: Sacrificers Under The Rite

Demon Lord Palace.

Qin Luo Sheng and Lin Xiao stared at each other. Neither of them had the intention to compromise.

Not petty.

It was a fight!

Humans strive for pride while Buddha strives for incense.

Even Buddha had to fight for it, let alone Man Hu?

Besides.

The two sides were originally mortal enemies. After a series of exchanges of information, swords and sabers were about to clash, and they could not fall behind.

This was power!

Once you compromise, your anger will weaken and your influence will weaken.

"There's no way to continue this stalemate!"

Qin Luo Sheng and Lin Xiao both knew very well what the other was thinking. They also knew very well that if this continued, there would be no ending to speak of. It would just be a waste of time, so—

Qin Luo Sheng: "Fist guessing!"

Lin Xiao: "Acting!"

It was very easy to understand.

Boku, an elegant name for ancient gambling.

It seemed that both of them had the same thought.

Qin Luo Sheng: "A gentleman's word!"

Lin Xiao: "Fast as a horse!"

Scissors, stones, cloth!

Scissors, stones, cloth!

Scissors, stones, cloth!

After three consecutive collisions, finally—

Qin Sheng scissors!

Lin Xiao Stone!

"You win!"

Frowning slightly, Qin Sheng retracted his hand and said, "Ask away!"

Lin Xiao thought for a moment, as if he was about to ask something. After pondering for a few seconds, he said, “Who else besides you entered the Dark Abyss?”

Qin Luo replied without hesitation, "I'm acting alone. As for whether there's anyone else, I'm not sure."

Lin Xiao nodded.

He could tell that Qin Sheng was not lying.

After all.

He himself was an experienced actor. A fledgling like Qin Sheng could not even control his joy. There was no way he could deceive him.

"Then, it's my turn!" After answering the question, the authority to ask questions was transferred to Qin Sheng. He asked, "Who exactly are you, or what was your original identity in the Pale Spirit Kingdom?"

“Oh, so you didn’t know?” Lin Xiao laughed. “You didn’t know, so you accepted the mission and came to find trouble with me?”

Qin Luo frowned. "Answer my question."

"Alright, alright…"

Lin Xiao shrugged and said, “My name is Lin Xiao, originally the second prince of the Towering Kingdom, the commander of the second army!”

"Second prince?" Qin Luo was instantly taken aback. "So, you actually have the royal bloodline. Then why are you…?"

"Stop!" Lin Xiao reached out to stop Qin Luo from continuing. "Now, it's my turn to ask."

"Which power are you from?" Ignoring Qin Luo's somewhat unhappy expression, Lin Xiao asked, "Who gave you this mission?"

"You have two questions!" Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes and said, "Fine, I'll answer you.—Power? I don't have any! If I have to be frank, then I can be considered a personal mercenary! As for who gave the mission, it's an uncle called Ge Lin!"

“Gerin?” Lin Xiao’s eyes flickered slightly. He knew at a glance that he was searching for this name in his mind. At the same time, he said, “It’s your turn, ask away!”

"I want to know why you betrayed the tower kingdom." Qin Sheng continued. "After all, you have the royal bloodline and control the second army. Even the emperor can't do anything to you, right?"

"It's very simple. Because I am the Second Prince, and my mother is not the Empress, but the Noble Consort!" Lin Xiao said. "You should also understand the difference between a son of a concubine, a prince, and a prince, right?"

Qin Luo Sheng: "Understood!"

It was very simple, but it was also very simple.

China was like that.

Since ancient times, the most important thing was to establish a legitimate wife.

Because.

Even though there were many wives and concubines, other than the wife, everyone else was a concubine. Their status was very awkward. Only by relying on the doting of the husband could they have a status. Once they were not pampered, even a maidservant with a higher status could be better than them.

Even the emperor, who had three palaces and six courts and seventy-two concubines, seemed to have three thousand beauties and surrounded by beauties, could not escape the sanctions of courtesy. He only had one wife, and that was the Empress.

The other concubines, concubines, Zhaoyi, and beauties were all concubines.

As for the children…

Even if they were twins, whoever gave birth first would be the older brother, even if there was a difference of one second.

That's right.

That was how much he valued her.

First,

The direct line of descent determined the inheritance. The Collateral Branch didn't qualify, and the same went for the bastard son.

Again.

The direct line of descent was also divided into ranks. The eldest son of the first wife and the eldest grandson of the first wife would be the first-in-line successor. This was something that was set in stone.

Why?

Apart from the etiquette, it was more for stability.

Whether it was the ordinary commoners, wealthy merchants, officials, aristocrats, or even the royal family.

It was the same.

It was still alright for the commoners. The bigger the clan, the more they would abide by the rules.

After all.

No rules, no square.

It was such a large family with many members. The dozens of people in the direct line of descent were considered small-scale, while the hundreds were considered average. What about the thousands or tens of thousands? If there were no rules, how could they manage it?

And the most important inheritance was naturally the most important.

The succession of the throne was not a bloodbath that time. Corpses were piled up.

The royal family was like this, and the other big families were not bad either.

To avoid such internal friction.

So—

A long line of succession was born according to fate.

It was in accordance with the etiquette.

Even though Lin Xiao was of royal blood, he wasn’t the direct descendant of the Empress, nor was he the eldest son. And because he was ranked second, he was naturally feared by the eldest son of the Crown Prince.

"Then, it's my turn again!" Lin Xiao said. "How many people know about the Demon Palace? How much information have I been exposed?"

"I can't answer that," Qin Luo said bluntly. "You should know that I don't have much contact with high-level people, nor do I know any secret information. However, the person who entrusted me to this task only said that he discovered the evil Demon Palace. It was all because you had killed too many people and attracted attention. However, he did not tell me who the Demon Palace was or who was in control. At least, you guys were not exposed to me. Before I came, I also did not know your identity."

"Very good!"

Lin Xiao nodded in satisfaction. Since he hadn't been exposed, everything could be discussed. Whether he was hiding or not was up to him.

It wasn't exposed anyway, right?

As long as he could get rid of all the information here and kill this fellow before him, all his secrets would be buried.

If he hid well enough, there would be no problem.

When he succeeded in his cultivation, he would announce his return.

At that time, there was nothing to fear.

"Make a move? No, it's not time yet. There are still some things we need to understand." Lin Xiao restrained his restless hands and looked at Qin Luo Sheng. "I'm done asking. It's your turn!"