Chapter 623: Different Paths, Different Conspiracies

"The royal family's internal strife has always been cruel."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Lin Xiao. Even though he had fallen into the darkness and his entire body was shrouded by the power of darkness, his skin had turned completely black. However, the outline of his handsome face could still be seen clearly. No wonder he possessed the royal bloodline. His genes were indeed powerful.

"Of course, I'm not interested in these questions. I'm not interested in learning about your past either."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Lin Xiao with interest. Under Lin Xiao's surprised gaze, he asked word by word, "I want the information you know about the Towering Country!"

“Oh?” Lin Xiao’s eyes suddenly lit up as he looked at Qin Sheng with a burning gaze. “Interesting, very interesting. I guarantee that I will answer this question without reservation. So, what information do you want to know?”

"Everything!" Qin Sheng said greedily, "Everything you know, including the information about the people, not only limited to the royal family, but also the worship, generals, special forces, secret guards, and so on. They are divided into various cities, major buildings, major palaces, and so on. For concrete evidence, as the Second Prince, you should be able to clearly come into contact with the darkness of the empire, right? There are many inhumane things that you control, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't have threatened Gongsun Zhuang's family."

"You're very greedy!" Even the depraved Lin Xiao, a demon who killed without batting an eyelid, was so frightened by Qin Sheng that he sucked in a breath of cold air. "Who exactly are you? What exactly do you want to do? What are your motives?"

"Since the Q & A game has ended, let's have a good talk!" Qin Sheng glanced at Lin Xiao, his lips curling into a cold smile. "I am me, and I don't represent any power. As for what I want to do and what my goal is, it's very simple. I want to overturn the Taling Nation, overturn the filthy and evil empire."

"With just you?" Lin Xiao said disdainfully, "Even I only dare to take advantage of the Undead Lich's overwhelming power to destroy the 17 countries and use the slaves of the slave camps to pretend to be the soldiers of the second army. I pretended to be a fish in the water and escaped in place of a peach, not daring to go against the Taling Kingdom at all. And that Undead Lich is so impressive, he destroyed thousands of lives in 17 cities and commanded tens of thousands of Undead Army. When that idiot emperor finally reacted, wouldn't he vanish into thin air?—You underestimate the Taling Kingdom!"

"Is that so?" Qin Luo laughed coldly. "I've never looked down on anyone, let alone an empire that has stood strong for a long time. Even if this empire is very small, it's still a country after all. How can one man destroy the heavens?"

“Then you…” Lin Xiao was a bit confused.

"Whether you can do it or not is one thing, and whether you can do it or not is another matter." Qin Sheng glanced at Lin Xiao indifferently and said, "If you don't do it, you will never succeed. If you do it, no matter how slim your chances are, there will still be a chance and hope. Didn't you say earlier that there are no absolutes in the world, and that fate is always unpredictable? It seems that you have still lived in the Pale Spirit Kingdom since you were young. Your thoughts are deeply rooted, and you have already been enslaved without even realizing it. You can't even think of resisting, and only dare to escape. Hiding here doesn't make you seem like a human, and neither does a ghost."

Lin Xiao: "…"

"You're right." Lin Xiao was suddenly jolted awake by Qin Sheng's insults. "If you don't even dare to do it, who knows if you'll succeed? However, I'm very curious. Why are you targeting the Paleolithic Empire? Is it merely justice?"

"No, no, no!" Qin Sheng waved his hand and said, "Justice is too heavy and oppressive. I don't want it. I can be kind and help those who need it without affecting myself, my family, and my family. However, I don't appreciate saving the common people."

“Then what about you?” Lin Xiao was confused.

"When the world is bustling, it comes for profit. When the world is bustling, it goes for profit." Qin Luo Sheng said, "It's very simple. Receiving someone's request and being loyal, that's all!"

“Request from someone?” Lin Xiao’s body trembled. “Could it be? Undead lich!”

"Wow, you're quite quick-witted!" Qin Luo Sheng praised. "As expected of an outstanding person, you command the troops when you're young. Rushing under the heavens, you call yourself king and dominate a great power like the Demon Palace."

"You don't have to make fun of me!" Lin Xiao said expressionlessly. "There are many people who hate the Taling Nation, but the only one who can destroy the entire Taling Nation is the Lich."

"That's right, it's the Undead Lich!" Qin Luo readily admitted. "Back then, after the Undead Lich destroyed the Windy Rain City that you were guarding, he was defeated by someone and fled far away. In order to take revenge, he did not hesitate to attack the Moon Temple and snatch the Moonlight God's Stone. By accumulating his strength, he was prepared to complete his mission in one go and completely destroy the Taling Nation. Unfortunately, he died in my hands."

"What? The Lich is dead, or you?"

Lin Xiao trembled in disbelief.

As an opponent, Lin Xiao knew very well how terrifying the Undead Lich was. Not to mention the method of enslaving the Undead, the overwhelming Undead Army alone was enough to completely oppress him. Even after obtaining the power of darkness, he dared not say that he could defeat the Undead Lich one-on-one.

"Yes, the Lich died in my hands."

This was already old news, so there was nothing wrong with saying it out loud. Even though Lin Xiao, who had been sealed in the Dark Abyss for a long time and did not know the outside world's information, this bit of information was considered Qin Sheng's sincerity. After all, he still wanted to get information about the Tower Tomb from this fellow.

"However, even though I defeated the Lich, you know how much hatred he has towards the Tower Kingdom."

Qin Luo continued, "Even if he's already dead, how can he be willing to accept the fact that he hasn't avenged himself with blood? Thus, he transformed into an undead and cursed me, transferring his hatred onto me. Thus, I can only eliminate the Towering Kingdom, fulfil his wish, avenge his blood feud, and remove the curse. Coincidentally, regarding the darkness of your Towering Kingdom, the behavior and character of the people of the Towering Kingdom are exactly the same as that of a certain island in my memories. I have a deep hatred for them. Thus, we hit it off immediately. It's to remove the curse, but it's also what's in my heart. I don't have any psychological burden in destroying the Towering Kingdom."

“I see.” Lin Xiao’s expression suddenly became agitated, his expression somewhat crazed. “Since that’s the case, why don’t we work together? Let’s work together and destroy the Towering Kingdom!”

"Forget it. Those who walk different paths cannot work together." Qin Sheng refused without hesitation. "I will definitely destroy the Taling Kingdom, but if I work with you, I will not obey your orders!"