Chapter 629: Legend

“Stop dreaming!—Blood Boiling, explode!”

Seeing that Lin Xiao wanted to use his trump card, Qin Sheng attacked first without hesitation.

His attack just now was not a random attack. Instead, he was trying his best to distribute as many rules as possible on the entire body. He prioritized the overall layout before considering the depth of the wound.

Now.

The surface of Lin Xiao's body was basically filled with wounds and blood was flowing.

Buzz…

Following Qin Sheng's manipulation, the blood in Lin Xiao's body seemed to have been drawn, boiling and surging out from his blood vessels, being drawn out along the surface of his wounds.

"My blood!"

Lin Xiao stared blankly at his own blood flowing out.

"Ghost-Faced Demon Soaring, accelerate fusion!"

Lin Xiao panicked as he felt his vitality rapidly decrease.

If he failed to unleash his full power and died just like that, who was he to reason with?

9%!

7%!

5%!

3%!

1%!

Descending!

Descending!

It kept falling!

Seeing that Lin Xiao only had 1% of his health left, just as Lin Xiao's life was about to end, something unexpected happened.

An extremely powerful dark energy appeared out of nowhere and quickly enveloped Lin Xiao’s body. Not only did it isolate Qin Sheng’s blood control, it also healed Lin Xiao’s injuries in a single exchange.

"F*ck, I was so close!"

Qin Luo was hopping mad.

"What a fascinating power!"

Lin Xiao raised his head, a look of infatuation on his face. The originally somewhat veined face that looked like an evil spirit was now completely occupied by the veined patterns, turning into the appearance of an evil spirit.

Probing skill!

[Devil King—Ghost Face Demon Teng Lin Xiao (Legendary Boss)]

Level: 42

Health Points: 120,000,000

Mana: 3500000

Physical Attack: 280,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 80,000

Magic Defense: 35,000

Speed: 12,000

Skills:???

Introduction: Demon King—Demonface Teng Lin Xiao. He was originally the commander of the Mufeng Army, which was defending the Taling Kingdom. However, due to the invasion of the Undead Lich, who destroyed seventeen cities in a row, he lost his courage and fled. In order to conceal his deeds as a deserter, he eliminated all traces of his escape route and wiped out countless villages and towns along the way. In the end, he escaped into the Dark Abyss and devoured the Demonface Teng's power. Due to avoiding the pursuit of many enemies, he stayed in the Demon King's Palace and set up layers of defense. He was good at wielding large sabers and possessed the power of clones. His strength was unfathomable!

Qin Sheng:…

Legendary Boss!

This bastard had really evolved into a Legendary Boss!

Furthermore, it was a true legend, not a half-step legend.

"Ding, your Swimming Snake Step effect is over!"

"Ding! Your Violent Blood Art's effect has ended!"

Ding… your Brave Heart effect has ended! '

Ding… your Heavenly Wolf effect has ended! '

"Ding, your Leopard Rush effect has ended!"

When it rains, it pours.

At this moment.

The effects of the augmentation skill that lasted for one minute ended.

Qin Luo's attributes dropped drastically.

Still.

With the undying battle intent, boiling blood, holy flames and burning dragon blood, he still had the strength to fight.

Unfortunately.

Facing Lin Xiao, who had been weakened just now, he was completely unaffected.

However…

Lin Xiao, who was already at the Legendary stage, was somewhat powerless!

"Brat, are you ready to die?"

Lin Xiao, or rather, Demonface Teng, turned to Qin Luo Sheng after sensing his own strength and smiled sinisterly.

"Welcome death?"

Qin Qin Sheng also smiled. "It's still not certain who will be the one to receive death!"

"Oh? So confident?"

Lin Xiao’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Although I don’t know if you really have a trump card or if you’re just bluffing, no matter what, you won’t be able to defeat the current me!”

"Let's give it a try then!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand casually, and the golden sword qi imbued with the Holy Strike attacked once more, slashing towards Lin Xiao.

"It's useless!"

However, this Sword Aura that had been successful a few seconds ago and caused Lin Xiao to be unable to take care of himself was completely useless now. It was actually easily held in Lin Xiao's hand and crushed into pieces with a slight force.

"Is this the legendary BOSS with a complete body?"

Qin Luo took a deep breath. He now had an intuitive understanding of the legendary level. "I can't afford to offend you, I can't afford to offend you!"

"What other methods do you have? Use them!"

Lin Xiao casually waved his hand and tossed away the shattered pieces of the Holy Flame Sword Qi. He had a calm expression on his face, as if he thought that victory was already in his grasp. At this moment, he was calmly playing with a mouse to take revenge for the abuse he had just suffered.

"Since that's the case, I won't stand on ceremony then!"

Qin Luo's eyes narrowed as he snapped his fingers. "Explode!"

“Yeah?”

Qin Luo Sheng's strange actions naturally surprised Lin Xiao. At the same time, he was secretly wary.

Even though he wanted to play the cat and mouse game, he knew that this man in front of him was not a mouse in the traditional sense. He had endless strange abilities. If he was not careful, even with his current strength, there was a high chance that he would fail.

Bang…

As Qin Luo snapped his fingers, a strange sound came from within Lin Xiao’s body.

In an instant.

Lin Xiao, who had been smug just a moment ago, looked as though he was a heavenly dragon. His expression changed.

“What did you do?”

Lin Xiao roared as he clutched his stomach.

“What did I do?”

Qin Luo smiled and raised his right hand to reveal the Coiling Dragon Water. "Nothing much? When I attacked you just now, other than causing as many wounds as possible on your body so that you can control your blood and deal a fatal blow, I also dug a hole and injected the Water Water Water into your body through the attack. That's all!"

"Li Shui?"

Lin Xiao said in surprise, "You're talking about Li Shui? One of the legendary ten rare waters, Li Shui?"

"As expected of the Second Prince, you are indeed knowledgeable!”

Qin Luo Sheng clapped his hands lightly and exclaimed in admiration, "That's right, it's that Li Water that you mentioned! How about it? It didn't let down the reputation of the Ten Great Wonders Water, right?"

"How despicable!"

Lin Xiao roared.

"Tsk tsk, these words coming out of your mouth seem a little different!"

Qin Luo Sheng replied, "What do you mean by 'all is fair in war'? What do you mean by using everything?… I don't think I need to teach you all this? Lin Xiao—Army Commander!"

Lin Xiao: "…"

“Is that all you got?”

Unable to refute Qin Sheng, Lin Xiao flew into a rage out of humiliation and revealed his cards. "If that's all, then I'll be too disappointed.… You slashed at me so many times just now. Now, do you dare to receive one of my strikes?"

"I wouldn't dare!"

Qin Luo said frankly.

Lin Xiao:???