Chapter 624: The Final Battle Begins

Forgive me for being unable to comply?

Lin Xiao was instantly filled with questions.

"Why? We have the same goal. You gather information in the open while I accumulate power in the dark. Our cooperation will definitely be seamless." Lin Xiao was very puzzled. He said, "If you're worried that my will isn't firm enough and that I miss my homeland and have compassion in my heart and can't bear to attack, then you don't have to. I want to remove my good brother from the throne with all my heart. I want to see if his high and mighty face will show signs of panic and fear!"

"No, it's not like that!" Qin Luo shook his head and said, "I don't doubt your determination. I simply don't want to cooperate with you!"

“Why?” Lin Xiao asked with wide eyes.

"No reason. It's just that you are inhumane. I'm still human," Qin Luo said calmly.

“Hahaha…” Lin Xiao suddenly laughed maniacally. “I thought you had some high opinion, but I didn’t expect it to be nothing more than that.—Human nature? What is human nature? You would rather teach me to betray the people of the world than teach them to betray me. In this world, the weak are prey to the strong, only power lasts forever and never changes.”

"Those people are innocent, but I won't kill them. My army has no supplies and can't vent. Once there's a mutiny, the entire army will be finished. If we only snatch food supplies and women, hatred will be buried and we will be betrayed."

"If that's the case, what's the point of trying to escape? My plan will collapse completely. Everyone knows that our second division will flee without a fight. When that happens, not only will we be despised, we will also be hunted down and killed without a burial site."

"So, I will slaughter all the towns along the way! Whether they have humanity or lack of humanity, those who obey me will prosper, and those who oppose me will die. When I stand at the peak of the world one day, who dares to be rash? Who dares to mention what happened back then? If there is one, I will kill one, then ten, I will kill ten, I will kill a city, I will slaughter a country, I will sweep through a country, I will kill, I will kill, I will kill, I will kill until everyone is terrified, I will kill until no one dares to speak, I will kill until they don't even dare to speak at night."

Qin Sheng:…

F*ck!

These words.

How awesome!

May I ask if your surname is Cao and you like people seven?

“And you said you were alone. You’re making me laugh my ass off.”

Lin Xiao continued, "No matter how vicious I am, I will only be able to wipe out small towns and villages. But what about you? You are planning to destroy a country. When that time comes, lives will be lost and billions of people will die. You actually have the face to reprimand me, and at the same time, say that you are a human? Tsk tsk, looks like I have underestimated you. I thought that you were inexperienced, but I didn't expect that your heart is so vicious and your skin is thicker than mine!"

Qin Luo was speechless.

“Since you were once the second prince of the Towering Kingdom, you should naturally know that the people of the Towering Kingdom are still considered humans?”

Qin Sheng refuted Lin Xiao's doubts without hesitation. "Do you know that the Undead Lich is just a young man from a fishing village, simple and pure? What forced him to turn the world into a purgatory and slaughter eighteen cities consecutively, killing tens of millions of people without mercy?"

"The royal family is not doing anything. The nobles are greedy and ruthless, and the citizens can't stay out of it. If the decaying royal family is a malignant tumor, the decadent nobles are the biggest bloodsucking maggots. Those evil soldiers are the executors, and the ordinary people are the collaborators."

"Sometimes, the people at the bottom are the most pathetic, lamentable, hateful, and hateful! As victims, their abilities are limited when they see other 'same kind'. It's understandable that they choose to protect themselves. It doesn't matter even if they stand by and do nothing. Be more noble, do what you can to save them. If you don't have the ability, just watch coldly. But what did they do? Instead, they helped those animals and became accomplices. Such people deserve to be killed."

"The Taling Kingdom is rotten to the core, rotten to the core. It's impossible to change it, unless you remove the roots, skin the bones, and clean them up thoroughly. Of course, I didn't see it with my own eyes. I only checked some information. Most of it was from the Lich."

Lin Xiao:…

"I hate the Tarling Country because it's just like a country in my memory. It's also an island country with a familiar culture. It also has a terrible root of ethnic evil. The madness in its bones is like a vicious wolf."

Qin Luo Sheng recalled the country on Earth that had once looked at China from across the sea. His expression was filled with anger and disgust. "I will not find a noble excuse, nor will I beautify myself and disguise my actions. I want to destroy the Taling Nation not only to remove the curse of the undead lich, but also to clear my mind. In the previous world, I did not have the ability, but now in this world, since I have this ability, I must do it."

His powerful words echoed in the Demon Lord Hall.

Qin Luo remained silent.

Lin Xiao remained silent.

Both of them looked at each other and didn't say anything else.

“Any more questions?”

Qin Qin asked.

"That's all!"

Lin Xiao shook his head. With a wave of his hand, a black box appeared in his palm. He said, “These are the black documents that I once collected. From the imperial family to the nobles, from the nobles to the merchants, most of the famous ones are here. This is exactly what you want.”

Qin Qin Sheng's eyes lit up.

With this, it was equivalent to having the biggest bargaining chip.

If this was exposed, it would cause the entire Paleolithic Kingdom to be despised. This would cause them to lose the support of outsiders and become isolated and helpless. In fact, if one were to manipulate them, they could completely exclude them from the human system. After all, humans passed down their traditions and governed the country through Confucianism. This sort of beast could no longer be considered human.

According to the dirt inside, they could be classified into different categories. They could be coerced, threatened, enticed, and used all sorts of methods to control them. Those fellows were all rich and powerful people. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been blacklisted by Lin Xiao. As long as they used the energy in their hands to find the right opportunity, they could easily overturn the tower kingdom.

"Come on!"

Qin Luo took a deep breath and gripped the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] tightly in his hands, formally inviting Lin Xiao to battle.

"It seems like you have come to your senses!"

Lin Xiao’s lips curled up slightly, and he too tightly gripped the nine-ringed machete in his hand. His powerful aura exploded outwards. “Today, there is only one person who can walk out of this place, and only one person who can obtain this black box. However, I have to remind you that this thing is a bomb that can blast you to pieces.”