Chapter 628: Promotion, The Power Of Demon-Faced Demon Soaring

Blood Boiling, activate!

This ability was really a bug!

As long as there was blood, there was basically no special ability. Then, it would be completely GG!

Double Blood Damage crazily decreased health points. Unable to heal, the healing effect would be extremely limited. Furthermore, over time, according to the amount of bleeding, it would continuously weaken the target's attributes, making it weaker, making it more powerless to fight.

‘ Of course.’

The most terrifying was blood control!

Once the enemy's bodily functions decreased and their bodies deteriorated, they would be able to extract blood from their wounds without much resistance. No matter who it was, as long as the blood was drained, they would not be far from death.

Lin Xiao was the same.

Still.

At this moment, the wounds on his body were still small and shallow, not to that extent.

Take your time.

Step by step!

If this guy didn’t have a backup plan, he probably wouldn’t have been able to last until the moment his blood exploded.

Attack!

Attack!

Attack!

Lin Xiao had used a skill, which could be considered a large area-of-effect skill for map attacks. This was a big move that could wipe out an entire team. It was not clear if there would be any repercussions, but it was certain that it would take some time for the team to run out of energy.

If he didn't take advantage of the opportunity to steal more damage, he would have a huge headache.

45%!

40%!

35%!

30%!

Soon, Lin Xiao's health points were reduced by 30% by Qin Luo's Mad Dog fighting style.

Due to the effects of Blood Boiling, Qin Sheng became more valiant as the battle progressed. On the contrary, Lin Xiao became more ferocious as the battle progressed.

Even though he fought back with all his might, Lin Xiao, who had been weakened, was simply too powerless to contend against Qin Sheng.

"Damn it!"

Feeling the wounds all over his body, his blood and health points constantly flowing away, as well as the burning sensation from the Holy Flames that was like maggots in his bones, Lin Xiao was furious.

"Ghost Slash! Dominating Heaven Blade!"

Lin Xiao suddenly held his saber without moving, allowing Qin Luo's sword slash to land on his body as he began to accumulate power.

"The 30% increase in Health Points is finally here?"

Qin Sheng, who had been secretly vigilant, was naturally prepared.

"Summon the Skeleton Giant!"

The ring on his finger shone brightly as the old scapegoat skeleton giant appeared.

"Humph, how can a flashy skeleton block my blade?"

As he watched Qin Luo summon the skeletal giant, Lin Xiao said disdainfully, "Brat, die together with a lousy skeleton like you!"

Violent Saber Qi burst forth.

The black energy swept out and lingered around the crescent-shaped blade aura that was at least twenty meters tall and three meters thick. It emitted the aura of death as it surged forward. Everywhere it passed, no matter what it was, even if it was the hard floor, it would be lifted up and destroyed by the surging energy.

“Shadow Escape!”

Qin Luo Sheng was aghast. Without any hesitation, he crawled into the shadow of the skeletal giant and dodged this extremely terrifying strike.

Rumble…

Under Lin Xiao’s furious saber energy, the giant skeleton shattered into pieces. It didn’t even last for a second before it completely collapsed. The black-gold-like skeleton was crushed into scraps and then turned into ashes. It was simply terrifying.

"Is this the explosive skill of an Ancient BOSS?"

Qin Sheng, who was in the shadow, swallowed hard. He felt chills all over his body and his scalp went numb.

That was insane.

First, it was a one-hit annihilation. It was like a map attack, sweeping through a thousand troops!

Now, it was another Dominating Heaven Blade. It was as if it wanted to shatter the sky and destroy everything!

Fortunately, the shadow warrior's life-saving ability was top-notch and he had prepared beforehand to summon the skeletal giant to provide him with a shadow. Otherwise, he would have been revived.

"How terrifying!"

As the dust settled, Qin Luo jumped out of his shadow. Looking at the scene of destruction behind him, the palace that had half a wall destroyed by Lin Xiao's slash was filled with trepidation.

"You, how could you? Impossible!"

Lin Xiao was very confident that he would be able to execute this saber move. However, just a blink of an eye and Qin Sheng walked out of the dust and smoke alive. Not to mention death, he didn't even suffer any injuries. He was just as dumbfounded as before.

"Shh, don't speak!"

Qin Luo Sheng said indifferently, "You've given me such a big gift. If you don't reciprocate, wouldn't you be lacking in etiquette? Next, let me dote on you!"

The sword slashed again!

He aimed at Lin Xiao, who was even weaker than when he had executed the Ten Directions Annihilation earlier. Beams of sword qi gushed out from Qin Luo Sheng's hand like a raging dragon, and all of them landed on Lin Xiao's body.

"Xiaoxiao!"

Bing Bing was a mount and could not participate in battles. Furthermore, in this 1VS1 battle, it was more flexible to rely on both feet. However, Xiaoxiao did not have this limitation.

He did not summon Xiaoxiao earlier because Lin Xiao's attack was too fierce. Xiaoxiao was also ten meters long, so she was easily used as a target.

But it was different now.

Lin Xiao was cut until he was half crippled, and he forcefully used two more skills, causing his body to become weak. He suffered a backlash, temporarily unable to move, and furthermore under the control of Blood Boiling Blood, his vitality and attribute abilities were constantly being drained.

At this moment, if he didn't summon Xiaoxiao to attack violently, how long would he have to wait?

"Roar!"

Little Tiny, who had been urging Qin Sheng in the pet space, was finally released. It immediately transformed from a mini dragon into its original ten-meter-long body and let out a cheerful, high-pitched dragon roar.

"Xiaoxiao, go all out!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not care about Xiaoxiao. This little fellow's intelligence was frighteningly high. He did not need to command the battle at all. He only needed to give the order. She would do very well.

25%!

20%!

15%!

10%!

Under the indiscriminate bombardment of Qin Luo Sheng and Little Tiny, even though Lin Xiao had recovered from the depletion of his skills, there was nothing he could do. He could not break out at all, and his health points were quickly reduced to 10%.

"Is it coming?"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression was tense. While he was secretly vigilant, he was also communicating with Xiaoxiao through his consciousness to get her to pay attention.

"How impressive!"

Lin Xiao lowered his head so that no one could see his eyes and face. “You actually forced me into such a situation. Brat, you should be proud!”

"Cut the crap! Show me what you've got. Let's see how strong you are!"

Qin Luo Sheng spoke harshly while his fingers moved imperceptibly, secretly controlling the blood on Lin Xiao's body that was currently covered in wounds.

“Hmph, he really doesn’t know life from death!”

Lin Xiao sneered when he saw Qin Sheng's arrogant look. "Since that's the case, I'll satisfy you.—Transcendence, the power of devil-masked soaring!"