Chapter 626: Going All Out, Beating Lin Xiao Up (1)

"Make a guess!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled, then his entire body erupted with fighting spirit.

“Undying Battle Will!”

“Blood Seething!”

“Dragon Blood Burning Death!”

They attacked with all their might without holding back.

Of the three ultimate augmentation skills, other than the duration of Blood Boil, which was only five minutes, it was slightly shorter. Dragon's Blood Burnt was 30 minutes and half an hour, while Undying Battle Intent was infinite, all the way until one's spirit and stamina could not take it, or Battle Intent would be extinguished.

"Are you still as steady as before now?"

Sensing the absolute power within his body, Qin Luo looked at Lin Xiao, whose expression had already turned extremely grave. He squinted his eyes and said with a smile, "This power of mine has never been used from the beginning to the end. It was specially preserved for you after a arduous battle!"

“Is that so?” Lin Xiao took a deep breath. “Then I am truly honored!”

"No need to be honored!" Qin Luo rushed forward with his sword. "After all, I have to thank you for giving me such a big gift! That black box of yours is priceless!"

“Arrogant brat, you sure have a big mouth!” Lin Xiao held the Ninth-Ring Machete in his hand, waiting with rapt attention. “We’ll talk about it after you win! Don’t announce your victory too early.”

Qin Luo Sheng did not reply. Instead, he slashed out with his sword qi.

Clang!

The golden sword energy collided with the nine-ringed machete in Lin Xiao’s hand, causing an intense crisp sound.

"Nice saber!"

Qin Luo's body pressed forward, and the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] in his hand came into contact with Lin Xiao's nine-ringed machete. The blades clashed.

"Your sword is the same!"

Lin Xiao's expression did not change in the slightest in the face of Qin Luo's powerful attack.

"You're very strong, really very strong!"

The sword in his hand kept clashing with the saber in Lin Xiao's hand. Qin Sheng could feel the tremendous force. While he was astonished, he was also very impressed.

"It's not too late for you to surrender and become my subordinate!"

Upon hearing Qin Sheng's praise, Lin Xiao remained calm and even teased him.

"Don't joke about such things!" Qin Sheng said, "As expected, dealing with an expert like you is really strenuous for me. Since I've borrowed external power and temporarily improved my abilities, it's the same!"

Qin Qin Sheng was not lying to numb Lin Xiao, but his true feelings.

With his current abilities, he had greatly surpassed Lin Xiao. It could be said that other than his HP, he could crush everything else.

Yet.

Why was the battle still in a deadlock?

This was because Lin Xiao's combat ability was simply too terrifying.

Every time he attacked, he would always be able to predict the enemy's movements. He used his extraordinary nine-ringed machete to block the attack grid and block Qin Sheng's [Coiling Dragon Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]!

Although dual wielding was advantageous, there would always be times when Lin Xiao would not be able to hold back. After all, he only had one saber. However, this was not the ending that Qin Luo Sheng wanted.

With such slow progress, it would take two to three seconds for an effective attack. It was too disadvantageous.

You have to know.

This was a situation where he could go all out. There was limited time!

If he were to drag this out with Lin Xiao, he would definitely lose.

"My abilities have already reached the end. Even if I surpass you, I still can't do anything to you."

Qin Luo said helplessly.

“Now I believe your words!” Lin Xiao said. “I believe that you’re just a lone ranger, a mercenary. Your combat ability is too terrible. You don’t look like the geniuses raised by those secret aristocratic families or the Emotion-Severing Sect. What a pity! What a pity!”

What was a pity?

It was a pity that he had wasted such a powerful explosive ability!

To be able to instantly turn from a weakling to not being at a disadvantage when exchanging blows with him, Lin Xiao, and even faintly suppress him, just how unimaginably explosive of an ability was this?

However…

However, it was obtained by an idiot who had poor combat talent and did not know how to fight. It was such a waste.

"Everyone has to grow up. I used to be worse than I am now!"

Qin Sheng did not get angry at Lin Xiao's undisguised disdain. Instead, he said self-deprecatingly, "There's nothing I can do about it. Someone like me who was born on an unorthodox path has no master teacher to guide me at all. I can only fumble about on my own. It's already not easy for me to get to where I am today! However, actual combat is the best teacher. Look, even without someone to guide me, I've also relied on my own fumbles to gain the ability to exchange blows with you, even if most of this is brought about by my overwhelming abilities."

Lin Xiao didn’t say anything. He only lowered his head to block and counterattack.

This was too f * * king infuriating!

Shrimp heart?

I worked hard, worked hard, and made use of my identity as a prince. I was blessed by the heavens. Since I was young, everything was the best. I used the best materials, received the best teachings, learned the best techniques… Everything went smoothly until today. I even degenerated into an evil demon. I took the shortcut to achieve my current combat ability.

What about this young man?

There's nothing, but you can suppress me?

God, are you f*cking blind!

"I don't have the ability to continue improving myself, but I have to end the battle quickly. What do you think I should do?"

Lin Xiao’s heart tightened, and his entire body tensed up as he became vigilant.

If it was just now, he would have done more.

But now, he had witnessed Qin Luo Sheng’s strangeness and terror. He had transformed from a small cat into a tyrannosaurus rex, and his combat strength had increased exponentially. He did not want to fail miserably at a simple task.

"Don't be so nervous!"

Upon seeing Lin Xiao's reaction, Qin Luo's eyes narrowed and a "friendly" smile appeared on his lips. He said in an extremely Versailles tone, "No matter how vigilant you are or how you defend yourself, it's useless. Next, I'll take over the entire battlefield!"

"Gaze of Death!"

-1360000!

They met face to face.

Under the surge of the Death God's power, Lin Xiao could not resist at all and was directly stripped of 20% of all his attributes!

“What did you do?”

Lin Xiao's body trembled, and he instantly felt as if he had lost a fifth of his abilities. His entire body trembled. "What ability is this? What a terrifying suppression. I actually can't even think of resisting!"

"When you go to hell, you will know who this power belongs to!"

Qin Luo Sheng said expressionlessly. He was not lying. If he went to hell and to the Underworld, wouldn't it be the Death God's territory? At that time, he would definitely be able to sense the power of the Death God from the same source. Naturally, he would be able to comprehend it.

"Hmph, so what if you weaken my strength? It's impossible to kill me in a short period of time!"

Even though he didn’t have a fifth of his strength left, Lin Xiao still didn’t show the slightest bit of weakness. He brandished his sword like a tiger, and the nine golden rings let out a crisp sound as they danced. “As long as I can delay the effect of your strange increase in strength, then your death will come!”