Chapter 627: Going All Out, Beating Lin Xiao Up (2)

"Is that so? That's exactly what you said!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "However, do you think I'll give you this chance?—Three-colored Divine Light!"

Buzz…

Golden, silver, and copper lights burst forth and landed on the machete in Lin Xiao’s hand. The machete, which was originally filled with energy and spirituality, dimmed under the effect of the three-colored divine light. It was as if a divine object had hidden itself, and a pearl was covered in dust. From a spiritual blade, it was weakened to a mortal weapon.

“What did you do?”

Lin Xiao was both shocked and furious. His defense was broken in an instant, and his calmness from before had completely disappeared.

This was ridiculous.

It was fine if it could weaken a person's strength, but now that even his weapon was crippled, how could he still play around?

"What did you do?" Qin Sheng slashed down two times ruthlessly. The golden sword qi landed on Lin Xiao's body, dealing almost five times (four times the Holy Flame, 80% Life Suppliance) damage. Additionally, it was accompanied by the painful whipping from the Holy Strike, causing Lin Xiao to be unable to help but frown and his face to twitch. "Naturally, it's to weaken your ability! Otherwise, how could I kill… you… in a limited amount of time!"

"Damn brat, don't look down on me!"

Lin Xiao roared.

Even though his attacks were weakened by 50% by the three-colored divine light (the three-colored divine light only targeted weapons and did not include the user), the nine-ringed machete was still not crippled. With Lin Xiao’s ability, the saber beams were still extremely ferocious.

"The appetizers are over. Next, it's time for the main course!"

Looking at the impatient Lin Xiao, Qin Luo took a deep breath and began to move.

"Hunting Tiger!"

The image of a huge white tiger appeared behind him and roared at Lin Xiao.

"Jie jie jie jie jie…"

He had thought that victory was assured, but Qin Sheng was disappointed this time.

Even a Legendary Boss would be hit by Hunting Tiger, but it was completely ineffective.

Qin Sheng frowned when he saw the strange patterns on Lin Xiao's face suddenly combine to form the face of an evil spirit and give him a strange ghostly smile.

"Trying to control me? Hmph, you must be dreaming!"

Lin Xiao laughed coldly. “I’ve fused with the Demon-Faced Demon Totem’s ability, so I’m immune to all consciousness-type control effects. Don’t bring out your little tricks to make a fool of yourself!”

Qin Sheng:…

Damn!

Immune to all mental-type control?

Wasn't this the same effect as [Courage]?

Simply.

The others were fine, but even Hunting Tiger couldn't do it?

Tsk!

"Hu…"

Qin Sheng exhaled heavily. His eyes were cold as he looked at Lin Xiao and said coldly, "As expected of the Great Demon King. His strength and ability are eye-opening. Since that's the case, I can only use my trump card!—Dragon Might!"

-1360000!

Qin Sheng released the dragon's might that he had intended to use to kill Qin Luo.

At this stage.

Lin Xiao was indeed too strong. Even though his attributes had decreased by 20%, he had used the Three-colored Divine Light to nullify his Nine-Ring Machete, and then used Hunting Tiger to nullify 30% of his attacks. (Hunting Tiger's control was ineffective, reducing 30% of his attacks to non-spirit control, effective!)

However, although this attack was no longer a threat, Lin Xiao's other abilities were still present. As long as he wanted to, he could definitely stall for time.

"Is it the power of the dragon race again?"

Lin Xiao felt that he had lost yet another fifth of his strength, and his expression was extremely dark.

Just now, he had sensed the aura of the dragon race from Qin Sheng's body. Sure enough, it was not an illusion.

Earlier, it had been used on him, but now, it was being used on him?

Damn it!

"Let's see how you're going to dodge now!"

After losing 40% of all his attributes, Lin Xiao was already useless.

Even though he was still very strong, how could he be Qin Sheng's opponent under his full strength?

Instantly.

There were afterimages.

After gaining an absolute advantage in speed, Qin Luo began his brutal journey.

One slash!

Second slash!

Three slashes!

Five slashes!

Ten slashes!

The endless golden sword qi howled madly, drowning Lin Xiao within.

"Bastard, don't be too smug!"

Qin Luo's speed had completely exploded. He could not even touch the corner of Qin Sheng's clothes. Furthermore, as long as he attacked, he would immediately lose his defense. In the next moment, the continuous slashes would descend, causing Lin Xiao to be in a miserable state. He was completely passive and could only be beaten up crazily.

“Ghost Slaying Technique, Ten Directions Annihilation!”

In just a few seconds of fierce attacks, Lin Xiao, who had no ability to defend himself, could not match up to Qin Luo Sheng’s wretched dual-sword attacks even though he was frantically brandishing his machete to defend himself. He was being dragged down by the seemingly endless sword Qi and was suffering damage every second.

Soon.

His Health Points dropped to 50%!

Lin Xiao, who was already extremely furious, naturally followed the rules of the system. At this critical juncture, he exploded out immediately.

He saw…

Lin Xiao raised the Ninth-Ring Machete in his hand high in the air. Black Qi swirled around his body, and then the energy was absorbed by the Machete, brazenly stabbing into the ground.

Rumble…

Terrifying saber intents swept out in all directions.

"F*ck, is this a f*cking map attack?"

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green.

This attack was simply inhumane.

With himself as the center, the attacks were split into ten portions. The terrifying astral saber was at least ten meters tall. Not to mention the surrounding area, there was no space to dodge. Even if one flew up, they would have to fly at least ten meters in an instant. Otherwise, they would still be hit.

Damn it!

The distance was too far, and it was impossible to use Lin Xiao's shadow to use Shadow Escape to evade. Furthermore, the blade aura was too fast, and there was no way to summon the skeletal giant to use Shadow Escape.

"Triple Eagle Stomp!”

Shriek ~

The sound of an eagle's cry suddenly rang out. Qin Sheng's body moved at an extremely fast speed, stepping three times in the air consecutively. Like an eagle, he flew through the air, shifting and evading the unavoidable Astral Saber attack.

"Not bad!"

Qin Sheng wiped the cold sweat off his forehead after dodging the Death God's attack. He looked down at Lin Xiao, who was temporarily out of strength because he had used his skill. Without hesitation, he dived down and waved his hands even faster. He took the opportunity to kill Lin Xiao and beat him up crazily.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Countless sword slashes clashed with Lin Xiao's armor or skin, producing metallic sounds.

His body was indeed very strong.

Unfortunately.

The Holy Flames specialized in countering darkness. This body that had been strengthened by the power of darkness might not be able to withstand a single blow from the Holy Strike, but when restrained, the damage would be greatly increased.

This…

After continuous attacks, his defense was broken!

"This time, the advantage is completely on my side!"

Looking at the bleeding Lin Xiao, Qin Luo's eyes lit up. His fingers trembled and a flash of red light flashed past.