Chapter 621: Conversation! Scheme! Lin Xiao'S Advice

"Pfft…"

Fresh blood kept spurting out from Lin Xiao's mouth.

The black ones with internal organs, the ones that emitted an extremely foul smell, the ones that fell to the ground and corroded the ground, producing thick smoke…

Poisonous blood!

"MLGBD, it's finally here!"

Tears welled up in Qin Luo's eyes instantly.

Five minutes.

Do you know how I f * * king spent these five minutes?

Being chased away like a dog!

Could it be that I don't want my face when I cry my soul?

Fortunately.

All suffering would end.

All difficulties would eventually bring light.

This…

It's coming!

"What a despicable person! He actually used poison!"

He coughed violently like a patient suffering from tuberculosis. He had probably vomited several liters of poisonous blood, and his internal organs were almost completely torn out. With such an injury, he would definitely die. Lin Xiao was still able to persist in speaking, and his words were very clear. He really couldn’t take it anymore.

Still.

Death was inevitable.

Except.

Qin Luo Sheng did not believe that Lin Xiao would die just like that.

Even his lover, whose strength was average, could rely on devouring Yi Ping, who was barely a threat, to revive once. How could Lin Xiao fall behind?

Putting aside whether the Eighth Demon King and the others were strong or not, their life-saving means were more impressive than the last!

He had either devoured a Magical Beast or swallowed a heavenly treasure.

Anyway.

One life in human form, and another life after taking human form.

Nothing bad.

Apart from that idiot, the Sixth Demon King Xu Lin, who had taken a nap in the Icy Area, the one who had manifested was the Frost Python with a metamorphosis body. After it was killed, it did not revive. Didn't Qin Luo have to be killed twice to deal with the rest?

"Stop pretending. Get up quickly. I know you're not dead. You're still too inexperienced to use this sneak attack!"

Qin Luo could not help but sneer as he looked at the motionless Lin Xiao who looked like a corpse.

I'm not a newbie, why would I fall for your low-level trick?

Along the way.

Wasn't the Demon Palace's Eight Demon Kings extremely sinister?

Using this to trick me?

Aren't you looking down on me too much?

What he wanted in the end was…

This bro is a player!

There was no notification from the system. Do you think I don't know if you're dead or not?

"As expected of a despicable person who uses poison. He's really cautious!"

Seeing that he could not deceive Qin Luo, Lin Xiao stopped pretending and stood up straight, glaring fiercely at Qin Luo.

"No, don't say that."

Qin Sheng ignored Lin Xiao on the spot and sneered to himself, "You're the great Demon King Lin Xiao, yet you still want to play dead and sneak attack me? What right do you have to criticize me?"

Lin Xiao:…

“Hmph! Those that accomplish great things don’t hesitate to use minor details to deal with despicable people like you. Who would care about righteousness and morality?”

Lin Xiao flew into a rage out of humiliation.

"Oh? I didn't expect to hear the words' benevolence and morality 'from your mouth. What a joke!"

Qin Luo could not help but mock, "You think you're worthy?"

"Cut the crap!"

To be able to become an ambitious and ruthless character, Lin Xiao's state of mind and face were far from what ordinary people could imagine. Even when Qin Luo Sheng mocked him in such a manner, his expression did not change at all. He only said, "Since you've come to this Demon Lord Hall, you must have come with the determination to kill me, right? And you're already standing in front of me. I presume that the entire Demon Palace has been swept clean as well, right? Otherwise, if there was a single survivor, it's impossible for me to not hear any news at all."

Qin Luo did not say anything, indicating his tacit agreement.

“You killed my soldiers, my brothers who shared my life, my family, my wives and concubines. This feud is irreconcilable.”

Lin Xiao shook the nine-ringed machete in his hand and said coldly, “Today, only one of us will be able to walk out of this Demon King’s Palace. Either you die or I die. Since that’s the case, why don’t we exchange some information? I know what I want, and you know what you want. How about it?”

"Interesting!"

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he said, "Your second army has been completely wiped out, and you're the only one left of the so-called eight great demon kings. Naturally, the Demon Palace only exists in name. As for me, since I was able to find this place, it means that you've already been exposed. Back then, the second army collectively fled before the battle and degenerated into a demon, slaughtering so many human villages and towns along the way. Even if you kill me today, there will still be an endless stream of pursuers coming over in the future. Therefore, are you thinking of running away or simply reappearing in the world to announce your return?"

"Hahaha…"

Lin Xiao suddenly laughed maniacally. He looked at Qin Luo with a face full of admiration and said, "As expected of the person who was able to kill his way into the Demon King's Hall without leaking any information and used poison to plot against me. As expected of a genius, brave and resourceful. That's right, your analysis is very correct. Since I've already been exposed and I'm now alone, then the only way is to conceal my strength and bide my time, or directly return and conquer the world."

"Alright!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded. "Since you have such an interest, then I will accompany you. In any case, as you said, only one of us can live today. I am not a pedantic person. I have also heard of the darkness and decay of the Tower Kingdom. Even though I have come here for the sake of the Human race, it is more for my own sake. It is naturally good that I win. Even if I lose, so what if I tell you the information? After I die, who cares about the torrential flood?"

"Hahahaha…" Lin Xiao immediately laughed out loud. "Very good, you're very good. Perhaps we're the same kind of people!"

"Forget it!" Qin Sheng waved his hand and interrupted Lin Xiao's brainwashing words. "We're on the same path, so forget it. You and I are not on the same path. Although I'm selfish, that's human nature. However, you're not just selfish, you've already lost your humanity. I'll never be like you."

"You're really young!" Lin Xiao shook his head. He looked at Qin Sheng, who had a confident and spirited expression on his face, and said with a smile, "The me in the past was just like you. Unfortunately, in the end, I've become the type of person I originally despised and hated the most. Forget it, I know very well that no matter what I say, you'll always think that I'm bewitching you. However, there's one thing you must remember. Nothing is absolute in this world. Don't be too full of yourself. Fate is the most unfathomable thing. There are many things that don't follow your wishes."

"Thank you for your advice!" Qin Luo raised his brows. "However, I still insist on my viewpoint."

Lin Xiao was silent.

Qin Qin Sheng was also silent.

A few seconds later.

Qin Luo Sheng: "I'll ask!"

Lin Xiao: "I'll ask!"

The two of them spoke at the same time. When they heard the same words, their eyes narrowed.

Qin Qin Sheng continued, "I'm a guest, and you're the master. You should be modest!"

Lin Xiao also said, “That’s not true. Since you’re a guest, you should naturally follow the master. That’s why I’m asking first.”

They stared at each other.

Qin Qin Sheng and Lin Xiao glared at each other.

He did not retreat at all.

The situation immediately turned into a stalemate.

——————

< EMPTY >