Chapter 625: Demon King—Demon Face Lin Xiao

"Bomb?"

Qin Luo was somewhat dumbfounded.

"Looks like you don't know anything!"

Lin Xiao tossed the black box in his hands and said, “The secrets hidden here are something that even I would be afraid of. When all the powers here are gathered together, they can easily topple a country.”

Taking a deep breath, Lin Xiao continued, "Do you think I don't want to leave this godforsaken place? Do you think I want to stay in this dark place? It's not that I want to, but I don't dare to. I don't dare to leave or go out."

“If you know about Gongsun Zhuang, then do you know how much power and influence the Gongsun family possesses? Even the imperial family has to give them some leeway. Even if an army moves in secret, it’s impossible to leave no traces behind. However, we haven’t been exposed. Why? It’s because of Gongsun Zhuang and the dirt in my hands that the Gongsun family has dealt with us.”

"For so many years, I've been living in fear and trepidation, hiding my tracks and living in seclusion in this Demon Lord Hall. The entire Demon Palace has been turned into an iron bucket by me. There are ancient battlefields as protection on the periphery, and there are five roads inside to guard it. I've also set up Demon Palace's guards, Commandant of Demon Palace, and Demon Palace's guards as three lines of defense. I'm afraid that one day, there will be experts from the Gongsun Clan coming to assassinate me."

"Fortunately, as the only direct descendant of the Gongsun family, Gongsun Zhuang has quite a bit of face. Together with the dirt in my hands, it's enough for the Gongsun family to fall from the world-famous War God family's position of virtue to completely collapse. Only then is it safe."

“However, I still didn’t dare to be careless. I only dared to stay in this Dark Abyss Domain that ordinary people couldn’t enter, using it as a barrier. I cultivated bitterly every day, never daring to slack off. However, you came. You killed Gongsun Zhuang, cutting off the Gongsun Family’s only heir. Without a descendant, the Gongsun Family’s old family head must have gone mad, definitely no longer caring about his reputation.”

Qin Luo was speechless.

He could understand.

In this feudal era, there were three ways to be unfilial. The idea of having no descendants was deeply rooted.

Even in modern society, this concept is widely practiced.

This was especially true for large clans. They placed great importance on the inheritance of their heirs.

Extinction?

That was a terrifying thing that could cause a clan to go all out and completely turn into a madman, completely disregarding all etiquette and laws.

"However, it's a good thing that the dirt in my hands still has some deterrence before it's exposed. Therefore, the Gongsun family only dares to assassinate me in secret and doesn't dare to openly send troops and experts to encircle me. This is my only chance."

“After I kill you, I’ll fly far away and conceal my identity. I’ll come back for revenge when I have the strength to sweep through the world one day. The Gongsun Family is a hidden danger, and so are you. They don’t dare to expose my existence because they’re afraid that I’ll expose some dirt. As for you, if you’re alive, I won’t be able to hide in the dark.—This battle is inevitable! Either you die, or I die!”

The impact of the violent aura made Qin Luo realize how terrifying Lin Xiao was.

As expected of the devil.

He was indeed the commander of a legion.

Really, so powerful!

"I've told you the pros and cons. You should understand the situation now."

Lin Xiao said, “Now, do you know what this black box in my hands represents? Do you know what you will face if you really obtain it?—I can hide it, but what about you? What if you really do control it? As long as you reveal even the slightest bit of information, you will face endless pursuit.”

"I understand!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and took a few deep breaths before suppressing his violently beating heart. At the same time, he discarded all other distracting thoughts and raised his two swords horizontally, determined to fight. "However, those things are all in the future. If I can't even get past you, how can I talk about the future? How can I talk about destroying the Taling Nation!"

“Good, you have ambition!” Lin Xiao suddenly praised. “Indeed, newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. You are indeed a young man with lofty aspirations. I am inferior to you!”

"Cut the pleasantries!" Qin Luo's attention was focused on something he had never done before. His entire body tensed up. "Let's begin! We'll talk about other things after I kill you. I'm definitely going to destroy the Paleolithic Empire! Whether it's the Gongsun or the Lin royal family, I won't let any of them off."

"…"

Lin Xiao did not reply. His gaze was burning as he looked straight at Qin Luo Sheng. The muscles on his right arm, which was holding the saber, bulged as a strong killing intent surged forth.

Probing skill!

[Devil King—Ghost Face Demon Teng Lin Xiao (Enhanced Epic Boss)]

Level: 40

Health: 6800000

Mana: 1350000

Physical Attack: 100,000

Magic Attack: 0

Physical Defense: 30,000

Magic Defense: 18,000

Speed: 8000

Skills:???

Introduction: Demon King—Demonface Teng Lin Xiao. He was originally the commander of the Mufeng Army, which was defending the Taling Kingdom. However, due to the invasion of the Undead Lich, who destroyed seventeen cities in a row, he lost his courage and fled. In order to conceal his deeds as a deserter, he eliminated all traces of his escape route and wiped out countless villages and towns along the way. In the end, he escaped into the Dark Abyss and devoured the Demonface Teng's power. Due to avoiding the pursuit of many enemies, he stayed in the Demon King's Palace and set up layers of defense. He was good at wielding large sabers and possessed the power of clones. His strength was unfathomable!

Qin Sheng:…

Indeed.

This bastard was really an Ancient BOSS in his usual state!

Huh.

No!

This shouldn't be a normal situation.

Just now, he had used the Absolute Heaven Corpse Poison to kill Lin Xiao.

Although he did not know if this fellow could be revived, his condition was indeed very different from before.

Previously, when he was playing with the maids, he was still in human form. Now, after being poisoned to death and resurrected, he had transformed into a half-demon form. His pitch-black skin had some scales attached to it, and faint patterns appeared on his originally handsome face. He looked like an evil spirit.

"Is this the Ghost-Faced Demon Teng?"

It was obvious that he did not have the appearance of a human. Even though his physique was humanoid, Qin Sheng would not foolishly think that Lin Xiao was in a normal state at this moment. "I just don't know if this guy is at his peak. If he is, that would be great!"

Yet.

When he thought of the Ice Goddess Hall, which was also an S-rank mission, where the final boss had been promoted to the legendary realm, Qin Sheng's heart was clouded.

"I don't care about that anymore. With Lin Xiao's attributes, if I still hide my weaknesses, then I'm just courting death! Just… just treat him as my last life!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

Then.

He quickly swallowed elixirs and used talismans. The augmentation skills on his body shone brightly.

“Roaming Snake Step!”

“Violent Blood Art!”

"Brave Heart!"

"Leopard Tu!"

"Sirius!"

"Sacred Flame!"

Lin Xiao couldn't help but narrow his eyes.

“This power is filled with a divine aura! Just who are you?”