Chapter 639: Assistant: Dragon Race

Demon Sealing, all skills could not be used!

Space lockdown, return scroll, spatial teleportation, and so on were completely ineffective!

The mandatory change of the resurrection point meant that even if they died, they would revive at their current location and not at the nearest city!

Bloodline Seal was not even able to activate the True Dragon's blood, and relying on it was the weakening skill "Dragon Might", an augmentation skill "Dragon Blood Burnt".

Even if he waited, there was no room for him to use it!

How f * * king ruthless!

All roads were blocked!

"Eh, something's not right!"

Qin Luo suddenly thought of something. He raised his head and looked at the dozen or so hooded men. "I can understand the first three sealing formations, but what does the last one mean? Could it be…"

Qin Sheng shuddered and instantly understood.

"Are you from the Dragon race?"

Qin Sheng locked up more than ten hooded men on the plankway. When he saw them tremble slightly when he said the word "dragon", he was completely sure.

Tsk!

These guys were really from the dragon race!

That’s what I said.

Just based on this Berserk Thundergod, how could he invite so many people who could use such a BUG-level array!

So.

It turned out to be the support of those bastards from the Dragon race. It was an NPC and not a player.

This made sense!

"The final battle between me and Long Yuan is about to begin. Is it because some imbecile couldn't help but jump out to eliminate me with the help of humans?"

Qin Qin Sheng was no fool. In the blink of an eye, he understood the crux of the matter.

Actually.

This was not hard to guess.

Even if no one believed that he could win against the Dragon Lake, even if Qin Sheng himself was very weak, there was no need to fear the worst!

Who wouldn't use the safest method to avoid danger?

This was not a small fight, but a battle of destiny.

Qin Luo Sheng lost. He lost everything and returned to his original form. He started from zero and did not even have the chance to start from zero. He was completely finished and wiped out!

If the Dragon Abyss were to lose, not only would the Dragon Abyss be severely punished, it would basically never appear again. Or perhaps it would directly die, leading to the tragedy of the Black Dragon Clan. Not only would they have to compensate Qin Sheng with a lot of things, but they would also directly assign him to Qin Sheng's subordinate, making him the new Black Dragon King.

It concerned the future of the Black Dragon Clan. Not only did the Black Dragon Clan not dare to gamble, even other dragons that did not approve of Qin Sheng would secretly help him.

After all.

Dragons were prideful. Even when they made contracts with humans, most of them would help with the contracts. They would even give the dragon blood as charity. Hence, there were many legends such as Dragon's Blood Warriors, Dragon's Blood Mages, Dragon's Dragon Summoner.

But.

There had never been a precedent in the history of the dragon race that allowed humans to enter the dragon race.

Even those who signed a servant contract with humans were few and far between. And those who were willing to make the dragon race submit to them, or even willingly become servants, were all dragons and phoenixes among men. They were the favored children of the heavens, even the descendants of the royal family or ancient aristocrats, or even direct descendants of hidden sects and ancient sects.

Yet.

What did Qin Qin Sheng want to do?

Becoming the king of the Black Dragon Clan, even if it was only in name, was still the Black Dragon King.

They already had the position of the Dragon Lord and were on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor, but this was the Dragon God's will. No one dared to act rashly, not even the Dragon Emperor.

Looking at the Dragon God's face and the fact that the Dragon Lord was just an honorary title without any real power, he endured it!

However…

Once Qin Sheng became the king of the Black Dragon clan once more.

The Dragon Lord and the Black Dragon King. This double act of augmentation meant that Qin Sheng no longer had any obstructions. How could the stubborn ones tolerate this?

The great dragon race!

Sacred Dragon Palace Hall!

How could outsiders be fit to be one of them?

So—

It was understandable that he would make things difficult for her.

Still.

Making a trip back to a trip was not something that could be done openly.

After all.

Having been acknowledged by the Dragon God and bestowed with the Dragon God's Imperial Decree to become the Dragon Lord, other than the Dragon Emperor who could sit on equal footing, the other dragons, including the elders of the dragon race and the kings of the various races, had to bow respectfully when they saw Qin Sheng.

To the end.

The larger the race, the more ancient the race, the more strict the rules were. No one dared to cross them!

That's right.

Qin Luo Sheng's Dragon Lord identity was just that impressive!

In order to prevent the thousands of races from knowing that the dragon race had secretly plotted against the Dragon God’s favored people, killing the Dragon Lord would forever be a disgrace that could never be erased, and they might even be punished by the Dragon God. They could only rely on the hands of others. The best choice was naturally the same race as their Lord Dragon Lord, which was also the human race. If they disguised themselves a little more and looked for the human race that had a grudge with their Lord Dragon Lord, then they could cover it up.

"You guys really have guts. You dare to gang up with thieves and assassinate this Dragon Lord. You really don't put Lord Dragon God in your eyes, Lord Dragon Emperor in your eyes, and also don't put the rules of the dragon race in your eyes?"

The reactions of the dozen or so hooded men made Qin Sheng certain that they were members of the Dragon Clan. Thus, he shouted loudly, "If you stop now, I can consider pleading for leniency on your behalf to the Dragon Emperor. If you continue to be obstinate, even if I die today, my True Spirit will not be destroyed, and your ugly matters will definitely not be concealed."

Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, the dozen hoodlums immediately became nervous.

They had come here to do dirty things to begin with. They simply did not dare to show their faces to others. In fact, they did not even dare to use their own power, any power that could expose their identities. Instead, they used special spirit formation scrolls.

If it weren’t for the fact that the mastermind had chosen the human race to be the scapegoat and that they were too useless and didn’t even have the ability to activate the array formation scroll, they definitely wouldn’t have participated in this. If they had personally appeared, they would have stayed out of this matter. At most, they would have hidden far away and secretly observed the progress.

However!

Everything was gone.

Now that he had been recognized, he was completely GG!

Once this matter was exposed, not only would they not be able to bear it, even the big shots behind the scenes would not be able to bear it. Even the entire Dragon race would not be able to bear it.

Such an ugly incident would inevitably become a black mark that the dragon race could not erase and become the laughing point of all the races on the continent.

What are you laughing at?

They were laughing at the fact that the dragon race dared to defy the will of their ancestor, the Dragon God, even their own creator god. This was a fatal blow to any race's reputation.

After all.

They did not even care about the deity that they worshiped and the creator of their ancestors. Who would dare to work together with such a race? Wouldn't they be courting death?

At that time.

The dragon race was really going to be isolated and helpless. They would be completely alone!

"What should we do?"

The hooded men exchanged glances and found themselves in a difficult situation.