Chapter 631: Possession? Lin Xiao Is Still Dead

"Starlight Spirit Mirror!"

The dazzling starlight quickly gathered and formed a transparent energy mirror in front of Qin Sheng.

Boom…

The next moment.

The shockwave of the exploding devil-masked annihilation rushed over, bringing with it a destructive aura as it crashed heavily towards Qin Luo Sheng's Starlight Spirit Mirror!

Buzz…

Space distorted, and energy suddenly trembled.

The shockwave was even more powerful than the slash from the Sky Tyrant. If it were not for the protection of the barrier, the entire hall might have collapsed. It would not have been as simple as just slicing off a wall.

Yet.

This tyrannical energy was absorbed by the spirit mirror that was only half a finger wide and looked like it would shatter upon contact.

Swoosh…

A vortex appeared.

A vortex appeared in the Starlight Spirit Mirror, and the speed at which it revolved continuously increased.

"Impossible…"

Upon seeing this, Lin Xiao immediately killed him.

This was his ultimate move, a shockwave with the properties of extreme darkness and explosive destruction. If combined with a large amount of energy, it could even destroy an army of 10,000 soldiers in one strike.

However…

Why?

Why was it absorbed by a mirror without even a splash?

After a battle where he was beaten up, he gathered information and sorted it out. Finally, he deduced the strange ability of the brat in front of him and activated his final ability when he was most pleased.

He activated the Spirit Formation to seal off everything, avoiding the strange technique of evading his Ten Directions Annihilation and Dominating Heaven Blade. At the same time, he sealed off space, completely turning Qin Sheng into a turtle in a jar, unable to escape.

Then.

Activate all the energy and use the ultimate move. This skill that could turn the Demon Lord Palace into ruins was successfully used.

This time, not only would he be able to kill that despicable brat and temporarily hide his secret, but he would also be able to destroy this region along the way, erasing all traces of his existence. This would allow the Gongsun Clan’s people to return empty-handed, giving him a chance to catch his breath.

But.

Why?

Why was it that even though he had calculated everything, there would always be accidents?

A mirror!

A mirror?

What kind of mirror could withstand all the energy he had drained, and even unleash the power of the Demon-Faced Demon Soaring? What kind of destructive energy could it be?

No one answered Lin Xiao's question.

Qin Sheng, who was the only one who could answer Qin Luo's questions, was focused on controlling the Starlight Spirit Mirror at this moment. The powerful energy that was being absorbed from within the Confinement Lock prevented it from spilling out or exploding.

“Lin Xiao, I will return your attack to you now!”

After a few seconds, Qin Sheng finally stabilized himself. He looked at Lin Xiao, who was half-kneeling weakly on the ground. Without hesitation, he aimed the mirror at Lin Xiao before the energy absorbed by the Starlight Spirit Mirror could explode. He roared, "Rebel!"

In an instant.

The vortex in the Astral Spirit Mirror spat out a wave of energy that was even thicker and stronger than the shockwave Lin Xiao had released earlier. It reversed direction and headed straight for Lin Xiao’s face.

"No!"

Lin Xiao cried out in despair.

Boom…

With a series of tremors, the Double Happiness Shock Wave instantly submerged Lin Xiao’s body. Moreover, it did not slow down as it broke through the weak spatial barrier of the Demon Soaring Spatial Realm and smashed towards the back of the Demon Lord’s Palace. Everywhere it passed, everything was annihilated and nothing could stop it for an instant.

Demon Lord Palace.

It collapsed!

This place that was filled with sin and blood was ultimately destroyed by its creator, Demon King Lin Xiao.

"Hu…"

Qin Luo let out a sigh of relief when he saw Lin Xiao's ashes being destroyed.

This trip to the Demon Palace was finally a success.

‘ No.’

Something was wrong.

The system notification did not sound.

Clang!

Qin Luo Sheng was on guard. At this moment, a crisp voice rang in his ears. He turned his head and happened to see an evil spirit mask falling to the ground.

That was?

Swish…

Before Qin Sheng could think, the demon mask that had yet to stop on the ground flew towards him.

"Oh…"

Caught off guard, Qin Sheng was caught red-handed by the evil spirit mask and pressed tightly against his face.

"Hahahaha…"

A burst of sinister laughter rang out. The voice sounded somewhat similar to Lin Xiao’s, but it wasn’t just Lin Xiao either. “One foot in the Dao, one foot in the Devil. Little brat, you still fell into my hands.”

"Lin Xiao, you're not dead yet?"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth in hatred.

“No, I’m already dead.”

Lin Xiao said resentfully, "Thanks to you, my physical body is destroyed and my soul is damaged. If I hadn't relied on the special power of the Demon-Faced Demon Totem to leave my remnant soul in this Demon-Faced Demon Totem, I would have completely disappeared from this beautiful world."

"What exactly do you want?"

Qin Luo could not stop exerting his strength. He wanted to remove the evil spirit mask that was tightly pressed against his face. However, no matter how he moved or how he tried, it was as if the mask was growing on his face and was completely useless.

“For what?”

Lin Xiao sneered. "You destroyed everything I had, including my physical body. What do you think I want to do?"

Qin Qin Sheng turned pale with fright.

"From now on, your body will belong to me. After I complete my possession and devour your soul, everything you have will belong to me. Hahaha… Heaven never leaves a way out!"

Lin Xiao laughed loudly and said, "With your physical body as a cover, I don't need to hide anymore. I can return to the human world in broad daylight. In addition, you have so many strange and mysterious powers at such a young age. You definitely have many secrets. Perhaps you don't know it yourself, but you're definitely not an ordinary person."

“Don’t worry. From now on, what’s yours is mine. I will use your body to do some earth-shaking things. With my wisdom and talent, I can control your body and ability. I will absolutely be able to develop your potential in an extremely short period of time. In the future, not to mention toppling the Towering Kingdom, I can even destroy humanity, conquer the Demon Realm, and stand at the peak of all races. This is a blessing in disguise, a blessing in disguise!”

Qin Luo's heart turned cold.

It was indeed the Heavenly Dao's good cycle.

He had used his [Ghost Face] ability to control Yi Ping's body and poisoned Lin Xiao, killing him.

Now.

Retribution came.

Lin Xiao then used Devil Teng's devil face to rest in his body, wanting to possess him.

Tsk!

“Brat, die. Be obedient and become my nutrients. With my soul and your body, we will fight against the myriad races together and become the ruler of all races. Isn’t that wonderful?”