Chapter 632: Legendary Mark, The Lord Of The Stars Levels Up Again

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing level 42 Legendary Boss: Demon King—Demon Faced Demon Teng Lin Xiao. EXP + 3200W, Reputation Points 5000! '

What was going on?

Qin Sheng was dumbstruck as he watched the Demon Soaring Ghost Face that had fallen off his face fall to the ground before dissipating into a wisp of green smoke. That familiar system prompt rang in his ears once more.

What exactly happened?

He still remembered how Lin Xiao’s remnant soul had used Mo Teng’s ghost face to invade his sea of consciousness and then disappeared.

His memory was blank!

What happened in his sea of consciousness?

Why did the insufferably arrogant Lin Xiao die?

How did Mo Teng's devil mask break?

Qin Luo was completely baffled.

“Could it be you?”

He lowered his head and looked at the back of his left and right hands. The sun and the moon birthmark, which had not moved since awakening the Lord of the Stars, were shining brightly at this moment. Qin Sheng immediately understood.

Forget it!

There are too many secrets. I don't f*cking know anything and don't know anything at all. Why should I think so much? I will know what I should know. No matter what secret it is, if I continue walking, I will definitely be able to find it. Now, I can't rush it.

Ding… congratulations on successfully killing Legendary Boss: Demon King—Demon Face Demon Teng Lin Xiao. As you are the first to kill a Legendary Boss alone, the system will announce it. Do you want to reveal your ID? '

The content that he had not heard for a long time rang in his ears again.

Qin Luo was instantly thrilled.

Thinking back to when he was in the Beginner's Village, he would appear on World TV from time to time, especially World TV where he killed Bosses alone.

Now.

After leaving the beginner village and entering the real stage, he had become much more "low-key" on the world channel!

‘ Of course.’

These false names were not important.

What Qin Luo Sheng valued was the upgrade of his talent!

Every time he killed a Boss of a certain grade, the corresponding mark would drop. This was the only tool to increase his talent, at least for now.

The Lord of the Stars, who was originally a SSS talent, had risen from a mere "Starlight Miracle" to LV5. He had awakened four BUG-level skills, all thanks to the mark after killing the Boss.

Just now.

The "Starlight Spirit Mirror" that perfectly killed Lin Xiao was the ability to awaken after killing an Ancient BOSS.

God knows.

How rich would Lin Xiao's legacy be?

This…

Just the reward from the system for killing the first Legendary Boss, allowing the Lord of the Stars to reach Level 6 and awaken another BUG skill [Legendary Mark], had already made Qin Luo somewhat wet.

"Reveal!"

He chose to confirm without hesitation.

Following that…

Ding… Chinese war zone player 'Weeping Soul' has obtained the first clear of level 42 Legendary Boss: Demon King—Demon Face Demon Teng Lin Xiao. As the first player to kill a Legendary Boss alone, he has received rewards: Random Equipment * 1, Special Item * 1, Professional Random Skill Book * 1, Random Scroll * 1, Reputation 30,000, Chinese war zone Honor Points + 300! This is an announcement! '

Ding…

Ding…

Three deafening notifications resounded throughout the entire world of fate!

Instantly.

The world of destiny once again boiled over.

Bronze, Silver, Gold, Epic, Legendary!

The first clear of the five grades of Bosses had all been rounded up by China. All of them were wrapped up by Weeping Soul Beast.

How could he not be furious?

How could he not be surprised?

Especially this time, there was an additional Battle Zone Honor Point. It was no longer a one-man show for Weeping Soul. It even allowed the Chinese Battle Zone to show its face in the world.

The Chinese players felt honored.

But the players in the other warzones were not in such a good mood!

But what could he do?

Apart from being jealous, they were also cursing the powerhouses in their own warzone for failing to live up to expectations. What a disappointment!

It's fine if you can't win against him once or twice, but why haven't you ever become strong before? Are you even a f*cking toy?

Just by showing off in his own war zone and eating the best resources, it was useless.

Tsk!

Instead of occupying the latrine and not shitting, it would be better to abdicate and give up the best leveling ground, best staff allocation, equipment, potions, skill books, and so on to the capable players.

"As expected, the special item rewarded is the eternal mark!"

Qin Sheng had no time to care about the layers of denouncements from the other warzones or the Huaxia warzones. When the system rewards arrived, he opened his backpack immediately. Inside, he saw the familiar silhouette, but it was shining with an unfamiliar light.

[Legendary Mark] Special Item, a part of the Goddess of Fate's Forbidden Treasure Artifact, would be rewarded to the first warrior who killed a Legendary Boss alone!

That's right.

This was it!

He gave it to the Lords of the Stars without hesitation.

"Ding… Due to the influence of an unknown power, your talent has awakened further!"

The mark melted into pure energy and was absorbed by the sun birthmark and moon birthmark on both hands. Then, the talent was awakened again.

He hurriedly opened it—

[Lord of Stars (SSS super-god talent) LV6] Starlight was added to his body and did not fade away. He received the blessings of all the stars.

[Passive Effect]: Permanent MAX Charm. Every time it is upgraded, it will receive five times more free attribute points, Health Points + 32,000, Mana Points + 32,000, Attack Power + 200%, Critical Hit Rate + 60%, Dodge Rate + 60%, Speed + 50%.

[Active Effect] 1—Starlight Miracle: The light of the stars has a sublimating miraculous power. [Every target can only sublimate once. Effective below Legendary level.]

2—Starlight Backtrack: The radiance of the stars has the ability to turn back time.

3—Blessing of Starlight: The Blessing of the Stars has the power of perfection and sublimation.

4—Astral Spirit Empowerment: All Astral Psionites bestow their own abilities to all living things [The power that can bestow upon the target (currently a weapon location,?) Star Spirits is effective below legendary level];

5—Starlight Spirit Mirror: The Spirit Mirror formed from the light of the stars has the ability to counterattack. [The Spirit Mirror absorbs energy and reflects it back with a double effect. Currently, it can only absorb physical and magical attacks once a day.]

6—Star God Forbidden Energy: The light of the Star God has the ability to seal energy. (Can cast an absolute magic ban on a single target. Duration is determined by talent level * 10 seconds!)

[Innate Magical Power] 1—Three-colored Divine Light: A magical power awakened by absorbing the energy of low-level metals. Passive effect: With a weapon made of metal, attack power + 50%. Attacks made of metal will be weakened by 50%.

Active Effect: (1) Releases three-colored divine light, within the range of X (X is the longitudinal character level, horizontal talent level * Class Advancement), dealing X (X is the character's attack power * talent level) physical damage. Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 6 hours!

2. Releases three-colored divine light to form a gold, silver, bronze, and three-colored energy shield. The shield's surface size is X (X is the talent level * Class Advancement number) meters. Increases X (X is the character's defense level * talent level) Physical Magic Defense! Duration X (X is talent level * 10) seconds. Cooldown: 6 hours!