Chapter 637: Traitor! Trap! The Vengeful Young Master Thunderbolt

"Where is he?"

Qin Luo Sheng looked around in confusion. There was not even a shadow of a shadow.

He turned on the communicator and contacted the cute baby's father.

"Ding, the player you are calling is currently in a special map, unable to communicate!"

F*ck!

What was this b * stard doing?

Qin Luo was rather annoyed.

I fucking made it all the way there, but he was gone.

What was going on?

Did he run away to be lonely?

It had only been half an hour. With Yatu and Thunderclap's size, they shouldn't have finished fighting in such a short time, right?

“Could it be because of that one?”

Qin Qin Sheng could not help but turn his gaze to the other end of the plankway, the mountain peak there.

The short mountain peak was suitable for the current players. The monsters ranged from level 15 to level 35. According to the known information, the highest level BOSS was Gold.

As for Alpine Peak, the monsters ranged from level 35 to 50. Currently, players could not afford to offend them. The highest level BOSS was naturally the Flying Bear, which had a Gold Strengthening base!

"Let's head over first!"

Qin Qin Sheng steered Bing Bing towards the plankway.

With his current level and strength, it did not matter even if he encountered the strongest BOSS in Furious Bears Ridge.

As long as it did not surpass him by 10 levels and its grade did not exceed the legendary level, it was fine.

In the normal wilderness, it was already impressive for a BOSS to reach the Epic stage, let alone the legendary stage.

So.

Qin Qin Sheng was not worried about anything either!

As the saying goes, the skilled are bold.

The hundred-meter plankway ran by quickly.

It had to be said.

The reality of the world of destiny was too realistic. The whistling wind, the scarce air, the swaying feeling, the white clouds floating in the mountains, the faint sound of flowing water…

It was really beautiful!

"Not here either?"

Walking down the plankway, Qin Sheng frowned when he saw that there was not a single shadow on the mountain peak and there were no signs of battle around it. He had a bad feeling.

"Hahahaha… As expected, even a hero can't resist the charms of a beauty!"

Just as Qin Luo was about to return, he suddenly heard a familiar loud laughter. Following that, large patches of white light flashed. It was…

The glow of players coming online!

"Is this a trap?"

Qin Luo frowned as he looked at the wildly laughing Thunder Young Master. He instantly understood his situation.

“Yoho, isn’t this Young Master Leiting? It’s been a long time since we last met. How are you?”

Qin Luo Sheng laughed as he greeted, "Tsk, looking at you, you seem to be doing pretty well! Why? Have you forgotten the pain after you've recovered your scars? Don't you remember how humble you were back at the Luo River, just like a dog?—Forget it, isn't it better to just live on?"

"Outside the Beginner's Village, you enticed and incited tens of thousands of people to surround me, and I exterminated you. Previously, you boasted shamelessly, and I deprived you of the right to buy return scrolls and cooperative potions. You relied on spies to obtain return scrolls from other main cities, and spent more money to buy goods from my Hidden Dragon Pavilion every day. Aren't you learning your lesson?"

Young Master Thunder's face darkened visibly.

These.

It was all the pain in his heart!

Every time he thought of that humiliating moment, he wished he could kill someone!

But.

After the Luo He incident, every time he went against the Weeping Soul Beast, he would suffer a loss. Not only did he suffer humiliation time again, he even dragged the Thunder Union down with him. His strength and reputation were no longer as great as before.

He knew very well.

This was his last chance.

If he failed again this time, not only would his father be completely disappointed, the shareholders of the Thunder Union would also not be able to hold themselves back. At that time, it would no longer be a question of whether he could protect himself or not. Even if his father could continue to hold the position of chairman, whether his Lei family could continue to control the right to speak and shake the foundation.

"Your mouth is pretty vicious, but I don't know if you'll be able to be poisonous later!"

Young Master Thunder sneered.

"Wow, this is getting interesting!"

Qin Luo was somewhat astonished. "I really don't know where you got your courage from, Mad Thunder? Could it be that you're just a thousand rotten fish and smelly prawns?"

"Go ahead!"

Young Master Thunder snorted coldly and said, "Later, you will have the time to cry!"

So sure?

Qin Luo Sheng felt that something was amiss!

"Even though Young Master Thunder is a little hot-tempered, he is not a fool. We have fought so many times, and I just f*cking appeared on the World TV and obtained the world's first clear of a Legendary Boss. What gives him the confidence to challenge me?"

Before Qin Luo could figure out what was going on, Mad Thunder, who hated him to the bone, could not hold it in any longer. He waved his hand and shouted, "Let the operation begin!"

Buzz…

As more than ten people wearing hooded clothing walked out from behind Young Master Leiting, they clasped their hands together. In an instant, Qin Sheng felt something strange under his feet. Violent energy surged out and forced him to retreat.

"Ding… You have fallen into the Demon Sealing Array, sealing all energy!"

"Ding… You have fallen into a spatial lock formation and are unable to use any spatial abilities!"

"Ding… You have fallen into the Life-Extermination Death Barrier. The resurrection point has been forcefully changed to its current position!"

"Ding… You have fallen into the Bloodline Sealing Formation and cannot use any bloodline power!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

F*ck!

What the hell was this?

Did I hear wrongly?

"Hahahaha…"

Seeing that the array formation had taken effect and that Weeping Soul Beast had already become a bird that couldn’t escape even if it had wings, Young Master Thunder finally couldn’t help but wildly laugh out loud. “Weeping Soul, if you scream again, then scream again! Today, I will return the humiliation you inflicted on me tenfold, a hundredfold!”

Qin Luo Sheng's expression darkened. He did not reply but asked coldly, "Where's Grandma Meng? Where's Yatu and Qing Si?"

"Tell me about them!"

As if he thought that victory was within his grasp, Young Master Thunder became less agitated. The prey and the hunter swapped places, turning from mice to cats. He also liked to play with his prey to satisfy his hatred of being abused. "Yatu and Azuresilk are doing missions on a hidden map in Water Glory City! As for the cute baby daddy, I'm sure with your intelligence and wisdom, you should know what to do, right?"

"Is this guy a spy from your Thunder Guild?"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze turned abnormally cold.

He hated deception.

He hated betrayal even more!

The adorable child's father had both.

Besides.

Furthermore, she had used the name of his Goddess of Silk to trick him. If he did not take revenge, he would not be human!

"No, no, no, I don't have that ability!"

Young Master Thunder shook his finger mockingly and said coldly, "He is after all an elite member of the frontline pioneering team of the Elegance Room. If he can't pass the inspection, how can he join? I only made a small condition for him to help me with this small favor!"

"Sorry, Boss!"

Baby Meng's father appeared and walked out from behind a group of hooded men. He stood beside Young Master Leiting and said with shame and helplessness, "My daughter has leukemia and needs a bone marrow transplant. Only Young Master Lei can help me!"

——————

Author’s Note: 12 chapters a week. I’m already somewhat delirious!