Chapter 638: Humiliation! Desperate Situation!

Qin Qin Sheng understood.

So it was because of his daughter's illness!

He was indeed worthy of being called the Daddy of Babies. If it were him, he might have made the same choice.

After all.

Weeping Soul Beast was only a player that he had met in the game. They had only known each other for a day, so they didn't have much of a relationship. They couldn't even be considered friends.

If he betrayed her because of this, what kind of psychological pressure could he feel?

"I'll remember this!"

Qin Luo said indifferently and stopped looking at the cute baby's father.

This guy.

He had already sentenced her to death!

For his daughter?

For bone marrow?

Difficulties?

Haha!

So what?

You have your reasons. Are you trying to betray me?

As the victim, what reason do I have to forgive you?

Daughter?

That's your daughter. What does that have to do with me?

All I know is that you, Daddy Baby Meng, have betrayed me and lured me into this dangerous place!

The more damage I received, the greater my loss. Then, my hatred would increase by one point. There was no limit to it.

"Boss, I…"

Upon hearing Qin Sheng's words and seeing his cold and resolute gaze, the father's face turned extremely pale. Others might not know, but he had fought alongside Qin Sheng before and knew very well how terrifying this man was.

Besides.

That was before.

Now, the Hidden Dragon Pavilion had opened nine main cities, and the equipment sold there were even Epic-ranked ones. It was even better than what he was wearing. One could imagine how powerful his own equipment was to be able to produce such a piece of equipment.

Also, it was the same for eating as an immortal. Those delicacies that could permanently increase all attributes or obtain a powerful buff in a short period of time, where did the ingredients come from? Weren't they obtained from those powerful Bosses?

On top of that, the World Television which had just been broadcasted recently had wiped out a Legendary Boss single-handedly!

Such ability!

Such ability!

How could she survive if she was missed by him? How could she still maintain a foothold in the world of fate?

His daughter indeed needed a bone marrow transplant to survive.

But his daughter was not the only one in his family!

He had parents, parents-in-law, wives, brothers…

His entire family's income depended on his salary as a first-tier elite Wasteland Reclaimer in the Elegance Room, as well as the spoils of war from the Wasteland Reclaimers. Even if Thunderclap Young Master allowed him to give him a sum of money afterward, how could a quick sum of money be more practical than a long stream?

Besides.

This sum of money was basically just a walk in the park in his hands. Very soon, it would be handed over to his family's hospital arranged by Mad Thunder to pay for his daughter's surgery.

"Was I wrong?"

The cute baby's father was regretting it now.

His daughter's illness was not new. Lin Yatu knew about it and had helped her before.

Except.

Money was easy to solve, but the bone marrow problem depended on luck!

For the bone marrow in Mad Thunder's hands, he had betrayed the Elegance Room and even provoked an existence like Weeping Soul. If things went as expected, there was no hope for the world of destiny. Perhaps the real world would also be settled.

After all.

Lin Yatu treated people gently and had nothing to say to his brothers. However, his betrayal was unforgivable.

Even though the Lin Family's reputation far exceeded that of the Lei Family, they were still a big family after all. Their power and influence were intertwined, and they had all the connections in the world. How could a white lotus make such a big corporation? The darkness and bloodiness hidden in the dark was far beyond the imagination of ordinary people.

He might not be able to do anything to the Lei family, which was a huge entity of similar weight, so he could only remember this grudge and slowly plan for a chance to step into the abyss.

Yet.

It would be too easy to target ordinary people like him.

Attack?

That was the lowest level method.

There was no need for the Lin family to do it personally. In fact, they did not even know how to send a message. At a certain point in time and place, a vague topic off-topic, a casual gesture… would be understood by countless people. When that time came, many people would do things for him and come looking for trouble!

Unfortunately.

One wrong step led to another.

He was too concerned.

In front of his own children, the cute baby's father had long lost his composure, lost his wisdom, and made a foolish move.

Since the boat had already sailed, it would be impossible to reverse the situation.

…

"Who exactly are you?"

As soon as it was confirmed that Qin Luo was a traitor, he stopped paying attention to him.

It was imperative.

How to get out of trouble.

As for hatred?

There would be plenty of opportunities in the future.

"Stop shouting. They are my greatest trump card. How can I tell you!"

The dozen or so hooded figures were like puppets, and they didn’t speak a single word. Mad Young Master Thunder naturally took over the authority of the conversation and spoke to Qin Sheng. “You’ve already entered my trap, and you’re at my mercy from now on! However, I, Mad Young Master Thunder, am not an unreasonable person! How about this? So long as you kneel down and beg for mercy, call me grandpa three times, then I’ll let you off today. How about it?”

Haha!

Qin Luo Sheng used his dead fish eyes to look at the smug-looking Young Master Leiting before sneering and remaining silent.

Kneel and beg for mercy?

Third grandpa?

You actually thought of it!

It was obviously a lie. Even a child did not believe it and still wanted to bluff him?

As for letting me go?

He was even more stupid to the extreme. Only someone with a screw loose would believe him.

I set up this inescapable net in order to kill you in one hit. I want you to kill me back to level zero and drop all my equipment. Otherwise, how would you dare to do this?

Qin Sheng ignored his nonsense.

His gaze shifted to the dozen hooded men.

"To be able to cast such a BUG-level array formation, these guys are very strange! Even a hooligan like me can't come into contact with existences on this level. How can a retard like Young Master Leiting not only strengthen them but also control them?"

Qin Luo Sheng's brain worked furiously as he tried to guess the identity of the person who activated the most crucial array formation.

After understanding their existence, there might be a way to resolve it!

This was the turning point in a desperate situation!

It had to be said.

Even though he looked down on this stupid and reckless Young Master Leiting, this move of his was truly beautiful!

It was really too awesome!

He knew that killing once was meaningless. If he wanted to kill, he had to kill until the end. He had to kill his way back to level zero and destroy all the equipment that he relied on to run amok. This way, a level 0 Weeping Soul Beast would basically be unable to turn the situation around under the gaze of a large faction like the Thunder Guild!

You have to know.

Those who could not stand Weeping Souls, those who were secretly jealous, and those who had enmity with Weeping Souls, it was not just him, Mad Thunder, who had one less person. Or it could be said that it was not only the Thunder Union that had one faction!

Even.

The powerful forces that had cooperated happily with Qin Sheng before might also add insult to injury.

After all.

The Weeping Soul Beast was too terrifying, suppressing everyone until they could not breathe.

Who wanted a father above their head?

Even East Imperial and Emperor Wu had the confidence to compete in Fate Dimension!

But what about Weeping Soul Beast?

How can you compete with a loser?

If you don't seize the opportunity to push him into eternal damnation, are you waiting for him to get up and continue being your father?

"It's too difficult!"

Qin Luo Sheng understood human nature very well. Without strength to rely on, even Yatu, who seemed like a friend and brother, could not be trusted. "I've really fallen into an unprecedented hopeless situation!"

————

* * *