Chapter 630: Devil Soaring Space, Devil Face Obliteration

The moment the two words "don't dare" came out, Lin Xiao was shocked.

F*ck!

This guy.

He actually didn't play by the rules?

Shouldn't you cooperate with me now?

Shameless?

Do you have any shame?

Where is your pride?

Where is your dignity?

Why?

How can you be so direct and say these two words without any shame?

"However, I don't need to take a stab from you!"

Qin Luo Sheng's gaze was treacherous.

"Oh? How interesting!"

Lin Xiao's interest was suddenly piqued. "It looks like you still have some trump cards that are useless! Fine, let me see what kind of tricks you have up your sleeve!"

"Don't worry!"

Qin Luo replied coldly, "Absolutely. I won't let you down!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Death's Embrace]!"

"Successfully chosen. Please choose one of the abilities in [Death's Embrace]!"

"Choose [Death God's Embrace]—-1% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

"Successfully chosen. A 1% reduction of 90% of all attributes will be blessed by the Starlight Blessing. It will be upgraded to perfection and become 100% reduction of 90% of all attributes!"

A second passed quickly.

"Lin Xiao, just wait to enjoy the death feast I prepared for you!"

Qin Qin Sheng glanced at Lin Xiao's current state, the treacherous smile on his face deepening.

He had not dug a hole for nothing.

Li Water exploded within Lin Xiao’s body, crazily corroding his internal organs. This kind of terrifying corrosion from the inside out, even if Lin Xiao was made of steel, it was still useless. He was completely affected.

The most obvious thing was that the moment this guy's Health Points exploded, it was directly corroded by almost 15%, and it was still continuously decreasing. Even though it was controlled by Lin Xiao, the speed of its decrease was extremely slow, and it would soon stop.

However…

That was enough!

"Death God's Embrace, activate!"

Qin Luo Sheng opened his hands. The [Death God's Embrace] on his ears shone with black light. In an instant, the originally pitch-black Demon Lord Hall became pitch-black under the shroud of endless darkness.

"This energy?"

Lin Xiao’s entire body stiffened, and the devil-masked Teng within his body was like a mouse that had seen a cat. It had encountered its natural enemy, and it completely cowered, not daring to show its head again.

Death appeared.

The large shadow filled the huge Demon Lord Hall. Its emotionless eyes looked down at the tiny Lin Xiao from above, causing Lin Xiao's entire body to tremble and his legs to go soft. If it wasn't for the support of the nine-ringed machete, he might have already collapsed to the ground, unable to get up.

-10,800,000!

An enormous eight-digit damage number appeared above Lin Xiao's head.

90% weakening caused him to explode.

"Pa…"

Yet.

The system prompt he had imagined did not sound. Instead, a crisp cracking sound was heard.

He turned to look.

Lin Xiao, who was supposed to be dead, was still alive. However, the evil spirit patterns on his face shattered.

Probing skill!

‘ I see.’

Upon seeing Lin Xiao's attributes, Qin Luo immediately understood.

A strong man breaks his wrist, a gecko breaks his tail.

He actually used a special method to save his life. However, his life was saved, and his health points recovered to half of his peak. However, 90% of his attributes that were reduced by the embrace of Death did not disappear.

Even if it was a Legendary Boss with only 10% attributes, what could it do to me?

“Xiaoxiao, attack with all your might!”

Afraid that Lin Xiao still had a backup plan, Qin Luo Sheng unsheathed his sword and charged forward without hesitation. He wanted to cut Lin Xiao down as quickly as possible to avoid any further complications.

Qin Luo's mind was connected to Xiao Xiao's, so Xiao Xiao naturally knew what he was thinking. Without hesitation, she cast her fire magic at Lin Xiao, who was extremely weak at the moment.

A physical attack of 28,000!

8000 Defense Points!

3,500 Magic Resist!

Under normal circumstances, this attribute was simply terrifying.

Yet.

Under Qin Sheng's augmentation state, he had even used Dragon's Blood Burning Death, a skill that would either succeed or die trying. This bit of attributes was really not enough.

A sweep.

Lin Xiao, who had only 50% HP to begin with, quickly lost more than half of his HP, closing in on 10%!

"I'm not convinced!"

Lin Xiao recovered from the shock of death. Seeing that he had lost his source ghost mark and was on the verge of death, he was furious. "Soaring Devil Space!"

In an instant.

Qin Luo's surroundings dimmed as four black walls were formed instantly. On them, the faces of evil spirits appeared, struggling and screaming as they emitted extremely resentful sound waves.

"Ding… You have been attacked by the sound waves of the vengeful spirit. Due to the effect of [Courage], you are immune to chaos!"

"Ding… You have been attacked by the sound waves of the vengeful spirit. Due to the effect of [Courage], you are immune to fear!"

"Ding… You have been attacked by the sound waves of the vengeful spirit. Due to the effect of [Courage], you are immune to confusion!"

…

The system's battle log flooded the screen.

"That was close!"

Qin Luo was instantly drenched in cold sweat.

How f*cking sinister!

If not for the fact that [Courage] was immune to mental control, wouldn't he have been tricked?

After all, it was a Legendary BOSS with strange and powerful abilities.

Just based on this skill that was similar to a barrier, not to mention the other functions, just this endless sound wave alone was enough to dominate. Without his immunity to control, however many came would die.

Fear, confusion, and dizziness were still manageable, but chaos was terrifying!

This was a terrifying control ability that could cause one to be unable to differentiate between friend and foe.

It was one thing for a single person to move alone, but once a team moved, it would definitely be impossible to avoid killing each other.

"Indeed, you have the same ability as me and the ghost face. The sound waves of these wraiths can't do anything to you!"

Lin Xiao was not surprised to see Qin Luo standing on the same spot unharmed. He had tested it once just now. "However, my move is not that simple!—Ghost Face Annihilation Shock Wave!"

All directions were sealed. Not only the sky and the ground, even space was sealed. It was impossible to escape.

Qin Sheng could no longer avoid the surging shockwave and could only take it head-on.

"Is this your last resort?"

Qin Luo Sheng was indifferent and fearless.

"You have nowhere to run!"

Lin Xiao roared ferociously.

"Escape? Why?"

Qin Luo smiled.

Just now, he had planned to use a spatial jump to escape, but after the barrier sealed off the space, his last hope had been dashed.

Since he was unable to escape, then he would go all out!

Coincidentally.

There was an ability that had never been used since he obtained it. It was very suitable for the current situation!

It was not the [Sky Breaking Slash] that had reduced the Lich to ashes, nor was it the [Ultimate Strike] that required the consumption of weapons, nor was it the Sky Quaking Fist that was comprehended from the Fist Emperor Sutra, but—