Chapter 635: Loyalty Level 100, Dragon Girl Get It ♪

"Why are there so many?"

27 million gold coins!

Although the current gold coins were not as valuable as before, this amount could be exchanged for two hundred million!

How many fucking days has it been?

Even money-printing machines can't be that fast, right?

"With this turnover, we are also consuming a lot!"

The Damask King said, "Even though most of the revenues are potions, the profits are mostly potent potions. These can only be obtained by Young Master and are unique. The batch that Young Master prepared before his training has been sold out. Not a single bottle is left."

"Also, it's an immortal's daily high-grade auction. It uses the high-grade ingredients given by Young Master, using a little less and a little less. Ordinary channels can't buy it at all, and the effect is excellent. That's why it's so popular. That's why the price is rising steadily, and that's why the turnover is so high."

"Finally, it's the tour display and auction that Young Master arranged previously. The batch of high-level equipment and Skill Books have all been sold. As the topic has been hyped up, there are many competitors, and the final transaction price is very high."

Qin Luo immediately understood.

If that was the case, 27 million wasn't that much!

He looked at the list.

Qin Luo was very satisfied with the information recorded on it.

The acquisition of Augmenting Gems, Spirit Crystals, and Crystal Coins was too awesome!

It was also because of these things that they were able to purchase these items. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a problem for their sales to exceed 50 million.

"We can stop buying low-level Augmenting Gems for now. The rest will remain the same for now, especially the crystal coins. Since the market price is still relatively low, we'll just buy as much as we can. There's no need to worry about the gold coins. Even if we run out of them, we'll eat up all the crystal coins we sell!"

Qin Luo instructed while the Damask King nodded repeatedly to express his understanding.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Qin Luo Sheng took out the spoils of war from this trip. He slaughtered his way from the outer domain of the Dark Abyss to the depths of the Demon Palace's Demon King's Palace. He killed countless monsters and dropped close to two hundred pieces of equipment. Brilliant light flickered and covered the ground.

Still.

Most of the 200 pieces of equipment were Black Iron and Bronze, while Silver was very rare. As for Gold, it was definitely only dropped by Bosses. As for Epic, there were only four pieces.

Other than the Blood Demon Handguard and the longbow that couldn’t be used, the remaining two items, the Blood Demon Crown and a Priest’s Scepter, were all contributed by Demon King Lin Xiao. Mm, I’ll praise one first. My comrade is very thoughtful.

"We're going to be busy again!"

Qin Qin Sheng smiled bitterly.

The potions had been used up, and the nine Hidden Dragon Pavilions were waiting for replenishment. It was equivalent to nine hungry birds waiting to be fed.

Other than that.

There was also the mission given to the NPC appraisers, which was to collect and stock up equipment at a low price. Then, when he returned, he would perform the Starlight Miracle and upgrade it before selling it at a high price.

This transaction was very comfortable, and the profits were very considerable.

After all.

Potions were consumables, and they had to be watertight.

However, equipment was a one-time deal. They would definitely maximize profits.

"Forget it, so what if I'm tired? No matter what, I can't go against money!"

Even though he had just used Yimu Revival to restore himself to his peak state, it had already been a few days. The equipment he had collected had filled up the warehouse. In addition, there was also a large number of potions and other "luck" items. Even if they were all low-level items, he did not need to expend too much stamina. Furthermore, with the current Level 6 Lord of the Stars executing the Starlight Miracle, he could completely sublimate in batches. However, he could not withstand so many. He could foresee himself being emptied out.

"Right, I have to appraise these things first!"

Just as he was about to make his move, Qin Sheng glanced at the pile of unidentified equipment displayed by the light and hurriedly put it away. "Appraisal and sublimation is the way to go. Advance first and increase the grade. I don't know how much the appraisal costs."

"By the way, Damask, I haven't given you a greeting gift, have I?"

Qin Sheng got up and prepared to leave. However, he caught a glimpse of the Damask King who was peeping at him from the side. He lowered his head in embarrassment when he saw the Damask King's gaze. He almost buried his head into that majestic weapon. He could not help but smile. "You've followed me. We're all on the same side. Since you call me Young Master, I can't let you call me that for nothing."

"No, no need, Young Master!"

Damask quickly shook his head and waved his hand in refusal. "It's Damask's fortune to be able to follow Young Master out of the Dragon Island. On the contrary, Damask still has to thank Young Master. Without Young Master, Damask might have stayed on Dragon Island, in Dragon City, in His Excellency Dragon Emperor's palace. How could I have seen this beautiful world of flowers?"

"Alright, don't reject it!"

Qin Luo Sheng smiled gently. He looked at the bewildered, blushing and nervous giant dragon lady who was so adorable that she could explode. His mood was so good that he could fly. She was a beast-eared girl who only existed in two dimensions. How could he not treat her well now that he had obtained her decisively?

"Keep this well!"

He took out the last drop of the Dragon God's blood and placed it in Damask's hand. He suppressed the wild joy and throbbing in his heart brought about by that smooth and tender hand as he spoke with a serious expression, "I promised the Dragon Emperor to take good care of you even if I wanted you to be happy and carefree. However, you've grown up in the Dragon Clan so you naturally know that there are too many darkness and injustice in this world. If you don't have powerful strength, you won't even be able to protect yourself, let alone protect your love!"

"Blood of the Dragon God?"

Sensing the terrifying pulse of energy coming from the porcelain bottle in his hand, as a half-dragon and also being in the Dragon Emperor Palace, he came into contact with something similar to the Dragon Emperor. If he wasn't an elder of the clan, then he was an important figure of the dragon kings of the various clans. Naturally, he was experienced and knowledgeable and immediately recognized what it was in his hand.

"Alright, stop talking!"

Qin Luo stretched out his hand to cover the Damask King's mouth. His gaze was resolute and certain, making it impossible for her to reject him.

"Thank… Thank you, Young Master!"

A faint blush appeared on the Damask King's face as he felt the burning sensation on his lips. Under Qin Luo's wolf-like gaze, he could not help but lower his head and speak in a soft voice, "Damask King, just accept it!"

"Ding… Your servant Damask, loyalty has increased to 100. Favorability has increased to 90!"

NICE!

Qin Luo could not help but want to roar into the sky.

This wave of Dragon God's blood was instantaneous!

Loyalty level 100, full value.

In this way, the Dragon Emperor's adopted daughter was well-rounded in housework, powerful in combat, knowledgeable in tailoring, and capable in business. The Dragon Maiden Damask, who could be managed, was officially in her hands!

Besides.

His favorability also soared to 90 points!

They had officially entered the stage where they could interact intimately!

The Damask King was already powerful enough. If she consumed the Dragon God's blood and her bloodline evolved, no one knew how much potential she would develop.

Anyway.

Qin Qin Sheng was filled with anticipation.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng was even more looking forward to a good impression of him reaching 100!

Damn it!

Pity this pure loser!

When the goddess looked again, she could only drool and could not bite. What kind of f*ck was this?!

——————

< EMPTY >