Chapter 634: Business Management Genius Damask

Qin Luo Sheng fumbled with the words on the metal plate.

Look at these words!

It should be the Great Qin's Xiaozhuan!

Why did Qin Luo recognize it?

It was not that he was knowledgeable.

It was because in his previous life, he was a geek. Because of the popularity of a certain national cartoons, he became interested and researched the Great Qin Empire on a whim.

Xiaozhuan was the language of the Great Qin Empire, so it was naturally part of his research.

After studying it for a while, Qin Sheng recognized it—

Building a gang?

"What?"

Qin Qin Sheng was shocked. His hands trembled and he almost lost his grip.

She quickly moved her face over and looked at it carefully several times.

That's right.

I wasn’t fucking seeing things or dreaming.

The Xiaozhuan characters written on the black metal plaque were the words "Construction Gang"!

"Establishment Order?"

Qin Luo cried out involuntarily.

When the Mercenary System was first opened, [Creation Gang Decree] had already been pushed out by the authorities along with [Establishing Mercenary Corps Certificate]. However, the drop rate, tsk tsk, was simply tragic.

At this point in time, the [Mercenary Corpation Certificate] might not be worthless, but it had been completely opened up, and it could no longer be sold for a price. Especially with the opening of the dungeon system, countless players flooded into the dungeon, and after killing the Boss, more dropped.

But what about the construction order?

Ever since the announcement, the topic had been hyped up.

Nothing happened!

Not a single one of the billions of players in the world had dropped. Not a single one.

Qin Qin Sheng was once full of hope as well, but reality had given him a blow to the head.

Even his son, who had killed the most BOSSes and had extremely high luck, was unable to obtain any from a Silver or Gold BOSS. Was it the same for an Ancient BOSS?

Wasn't that a little unreasonable?

He had originally thought that the officials were playing tricks on him, but now he finally understood.

It was not that the establishment of a gang was not explosive, but the requirements were too harsh.

The drop rate that was announced was definitely not a big deal. Perhaps it would be like that in the future, but the first Building Gang Badge would definitely not be released from the trash Boss. The grade would at least be…

Legendary stage!

"I'm fucking rich!"

A gang-building order was already priceless, and it was far from what the [Mercenary Corps Establishing Certificate] could compare to. This was because mercenaries were only scattered and brave, while gangs were qualified to own their own gang base, gang resources, gang specialties…

Besides.

This was the first Fated World Construction Order!

‘ What do you mean?’

Just look at the first mercenary group.

The mainframe had a special reward for the first XXX!

Even if he ignored this.

The title of the number one gang should be worth a lot, right?

First, step by step!

If he had the initiative, he would be the first to eat. He would be full, and it would be great to eat.

When the time came.

With the title of the number one gang, there was no need to deliberately promote it. Naturally, there would be experts and talented people coming to seek refuge.

Even if Qin Qin Sheng used his butt to think, he could imagine how terrifying a bloody storm this thing would cause once it was exposed.

Fate Dimension was different from other games. This was a universal game. It was not like the online games where there were only two or three cats and billions of people competing. The war zones and war zones were fighting each other. The countries were fighting each other…

It was destined to be extraordinary!

And the first gang in the Fated World, with honor and power, prestige and money, who wouldn’t care?

Not to mention the clubs that originally had large guilds as their foundation, even the countries would be tempted by the newly joined large financial groups. They would also join in the snatching.

"I can't take it anymore. My blood pressure is a little high. I'll take my time!"

Qin Sheng shook his head vigorously and flung out all his fantasies. He forced himself to calm down.

"This thing cannot be exposed for now!"

Qin Luo Sheng himself was a loner. He did not know how to manage and was too lazy to do so. Even though he was high-profile, he was still very high-profile on the world channel. In fact, he was usually quite low-profile. When he returned to the city, he would change back into casual clothes and wear a mask to avoid being recognized.

If he became the leader of the first gang in the Fated World, even if he could hire professionals to handle miscellaneous matters like management, his troubles would continue.

So…

Forget it!

Selling the Construction Faction Token was the most cost-effective, and it had to be sold as soon as possible.

God knew if the government would activate the original drop rate after the first establishment gang token was released. If the honor of first place was gone, even if the establishment gang token could still be sold for a high price in a short period of time due to a strange shortage, it would not be as good as first place. Whether it was in terms of money or honor, it was the same.

Still.

If he wanted to auction off a high price, he still needed to create publicity and give enough time for those big shots to collect gold coins crazily!

Or else.

Time was too short, and the other party's gold coins were limited. How could they sell it for a high price?

…

Buzz…

With a flash of white light, Qin Sheng returned to Star Glory City.

After a slight hesitation, Qin Luo still ran towards the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, which was not far from the Star Brilliance Teleportation Array.

He activated the owner's authority and teleported to the second floor.

Disregarding the black box and the establishment warrant, Qin Luo Sheng lay sprawled on the ground, his whole body relaxed like a salted fish that had lost its dream.

"Lord Dragon Lord, you're back?"

As the manager of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion and the Food Immortal, Qi Luo received news of Qin Sheng's return immediately and hurried over.

"I'm back!"

Qin Sheng, who had spent so many days in the dark and dirty domain of the beautiful Dragoness, seemed to have been cured. He revealed a radiant smile. "Damask, you've worked hard!"

"Not at all!"

Damask's face was slightly red. He brushed the hair by his ear and said in a charming manner, "The human world is indeed bustling and lively. I like it a lot!"

"That's good!"

Qin Luo Sheng nodded his head and instructed earnestly, "Play more if you like it. Even though the human world can't be compared to Dragon City, in terms of popularity and human taste, Dragon City is far from it. There's too much fun to play with. You're still a child. Don't suppress your nature. Play when you should. Don't let yourself be so busy every day. Just leave many things to your subordinates."

"The Damask King understands!"

The Damask was so moved that he glanced at Qin Sheng before lowering his head to look at his towering weapon. He muttered, "I'm not a child!"

Qin Sheng:…

Young girl!

What are you thinking?

I'm talking about age, age!

Hiss…

That's not right!

In terms of age…

Qi Luo was already a few thousand years old. Even in the Dragon Clan, she was still underage. However, she was truly a few thousand years old.

F*ck!

Sorry!

Sorry for disturbing!

"Cough, cough. Well, let's change our names in the future!"

Qin Luo Sheng changed the topic stiffly. "This is the human world. It's quite strange to call you Lord Dragon Lord!"

"Then what should I call you?"

Damask asked.

"Up to you!"

As a person with a severe case of naming difficulties, Qin Sheng said that his head hurt when he heard it.

"Then I'll call you Young Master!"

Damask said happily, "Young Master, this is the situation of the shop for the past few days. Please take a look!"

Qin Luo nodded.

"What? Twenty-seven million gold coins?"

It was a casual glance that he had not taken seriously at first, but that long number made Qin Sheng suddenly gape in shock.