Chapter 636: Urgent Call, Qing Si Is In Trouble

Beep beep beep…

Just as the atmosphere was a little ambiguous and Qin Sheng was about to pursue and consolidate his affinity, the communicator he had just turned on after returning to the city suddenly rang urgently.

Qin Luo: "Shoot!"

Damn you!

Which bastard?

Damn it!

If there was no legitimate reason or serious matter, I would definitely scold you.

He opened it.

Eh?

Not Yatu, not Qing Si, not Sanguine Rose, not Lily, not the liaison of the other factions, but… Baby's Daddy?

"What is this fellow looking for me for?"

Ever since he was entrusted by Yatu to help him complete the consolidation mission of the first mercenary group and form a team to head to the tomb of the mercenary group, even though he added the members of the Yatu Pavilion's first-rate Wasteland Reclaimers as friends, they had always been very well-behaved and never disturbed him. What was going on today?

Agree!

"Hey hey hey, Big Boss Weeping Soul?"

The moment the call was connected, the cute baby's father's anxious voice sounded beside his ear.

"It's me?"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and subconsciously moved the receiver away from his ear before asking, "You sound a little anxious. What's the matter?"

"Big boss, big boss, help!"

The adorable child's father shouted, "Miss Cyan Hair received a Class-A difficulty Class Advancement mission. Furthermore, it was a secret map. It collided with a hidden mission. The difficulty overlapped and became an S Class. I originally wanted to ask you for help, but I haven't been able to contact you well recently."

"Due to the time limit of the mission, Boss had no choice but to bring Miss Mumu and the rest along to give it a try. However, we didn't know how we leaked the news. Now, we're stuck at the mission point with Young Master Leiting and his men. We've charged for a few rounds, but we couldn't break out of the encirclement and couldn't receive them…"

Qin Luo immediately frowned.

He opened his communicator and called for Yatu…

"Ding, the player you are calling is currently in a special map, unable to communicate!"

It called Qing Si!

"Ding, the player you are calling is currently in a special map, unable to communicate!"

Tsk!

Call Mu Mu!

"Ding, the player you are calling is currently in a special map, unable to communicate!"

Qin Sheng:…

It was called Feng Xingtian!

"Ding, the player you are calling is currently in a special map, unable to communicate!"

Fuck you!

Fengxing also went?

"Boss, please help us! If Thunderclap's Mad Young Master gets his way, it's a small matter if he drops his equipment. I'm just afraid that he'll spread the news and humiliate the boss."

The cute child's father asked for help repeatedly, "And Big Miss Qing Si's mission, once she dies, it will be considered a failure!"

Green hair?!!

Qin Luo immediately hesitated!

He didn’t care about Yatu or anything.

As the head of the pavilion, it was normal for him to compete with other powers.

He was just an unaffiliated player and did not want to get involved in the power struggle.

He had helped Luo He in the Beginner's Village, but what happened?

Being hated by Young Master Leiting, he used all sorts of methods, forcing him to counterattack. He used a forbidden spell scroll as the price and wiped out tens of thousands of people in Novice Village 6666, causing many people to still be unable to walk out of that shadow and attract countless curses.

Even if Qin Luo did not care at all, who would want to be scolded when there was no trouble?

However…

Since it was related to the azure threads, he had no choice!

Ever since his conversation with Qing Si, the ripples in his heart wouldn't disappear even if they didn't contact each other anymore. He was certain that this woman had become his goddess, and he would definitely get her one day.

Such an opportunity to increase his favorability had come knocking on his door. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity!

Plus.

The one who stirred up trouble was still that stupid Young Master Thunder. He had a grudge to begin with, so he naturally did not feel any pressure.

What should he do?

What else could they do!

So be it!

"Location!"

After thinking it through, Qin Luo sent a message to Daddy Meng.

“Soaring Bear Mountain!”

Playboy’s dad immediately replied.

"Alright, I'll set off immediately. I'll be there soon!"

Qin Qin hung up.

"Damask, I have something to attend to so I'll make a trip out first. Give me some instructions before refining the Dragon God's blood."

Glancing at the starlight on the ground, Qin Luo said, "Oh right, let's appraise these equipment and put them in the warehouse."

"Yes, Young Master!"

Damask nodded and agreed.

Time was tight, so Qin Sheng did not delay any further.

He emptied his backpack and put all the materials and equipment into the warehouse. Other than the necessary items, he filled the rest with potions.

Next.

A huge battle.

This was a clash between a large faction and a large faction. The scale was definitely not small, and they were all players who could revive indefinitely. They had to be prepared for a prolonged war.

He might not need many potions, but it was better to be prepared. Besides, he had no use for them. The other players in the Pavilion of Elegance had use for them. The trapped players might have run out of ammunition, and they might be useful too.

Swoosh…

After tidying up, Qin Luo hurriedly took out Tu Yao City's return scroll and crushed it.

"Coordinates!"

He opened the map and looked in the right direction. Qin Luo Sheng summoned Bing Bing and rode on it as fast as lightning. At the same time, he took the time to send a message to the Daddy. "Speed!"

"Flying Bear Ridge, after the plankway, 88314.74964!"

The cute baby's father replied quickly.

"Wait for me!"

Qin Luo pulled open the map, locked onto the coordinates and drove Bing Bing away.

…

Five hundred kilometers south of the city, the terrain was steep and rocky, about five thousand meters above sea level.

The monsters in the area ranged from level 15 to level 50 at the foot of the mountain. There were many varieties, most of which were mutated beasts. There were also variants such as three-headed lions, fire-breathing tigers, double-tailed cheetahs, and so on!

On the peak of the mountain, the guardian BOSS was a flying bear with wings on its back. It was level 50 and the exact grade was unknown. However, the information from the Mercenary Guild revealed that many NPC teams had gone to check but none of them returned. It was clear that its grade was not low.

The coordinates given by Grandma Meng were located in the upper half of Furious Bears Ridge.

The reason why the Furious Bears Ridge was called a ridge was because of the general name of the two mountain peaks. One was tall and the other was short. The shorter mountain was divided into the front half, the taller mountain was the back half, and the lower half of the taller mountain had no path. Instead, the lower half of the mountain was clean and smooth like a blade cutting through stone pillars, while the upper half was a lush forest.

The only thing that could connect the two mountains was a plankway halfway up the mountain!

That was Qin Sheng's destination!

Half an hour later!

Qin Sheng finally arrived at the Flying Bear Ridge after continuously using the Gale Pellets and the augmentation techniques.

After confirming the coordinates, he ignored the people from the Jatu Pavilion and the Thunder Guild who were engaged in battle and headed straight up.

The symbolism of this person who had entered the battlefield was extremely strong. Who didn't know him?

Even if it was a battle, they had tacitly avoided it so as to avoid being killed by the other party because they were blocking the big shots' path.

Thanks to this blessing!

Qin Luo Sheng had no obstructions along the way!

With the characteristic of the Ice Treading Mountains and Water, the difficult mountain road of the Furious Bears Ridge was like flat ground. In less than ten minutes, Qin Luo Sheng had climbed to the top of the short mountain peak and saw the narrow plank road that was a hundred meters long with white clouds floating beneath his feet, blocking the mountain stream!

"Where is he?"

————

Author’s Note: Eleven chapters have arrived!