Chapter 633: Lin Xiao'S Treasure, Foundations

Awesome!

Upon seeing the new talent, his exhausted body seemed to be filled with vitality.

The ability to improve was the same as before. It was very normal.

Health Mana Points doubled, Attack Power doubled, Critical Hit Rate, Dodge Rate and Speed + 10%!

Although there were no changes to the active BUG-level skill, the Lord of the Stars had upgraded to Level 6 and absorbed the [Legendary Mark]. Hence, the level of effect had also increased from Epic to Legendary.

Also…

Originally, [Astral Spiritual Endowment], which could only choose one part of the weapon, had an additional self-selection part.

In other words.

Armor, boots, helmet, gauntlets. One of these four common areas could be chosen to apply Endowment!

Empowerment was very impressive!

First was the [Proud Dragon Slaying Dragon] [Coiling Dragon Water]!

After that was the [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier], [Breakthrough]!

The effect was extremely powerful!

All this time.

In terms of attack, defense, and speed, he was always lagging behind in terms of defense. With the addition of Endowment, the situation would definitely change greatly.

Qin Luo Sheng was also hesitating if he should choose the Empowerment Boots to enhance his speed.

But on second thought, he decided to forget it.

In terms of speed, he was no longer lacking due to the various augmentations. However, he had to put up a defense. Otherwise, if he were to encounter such a situation today, he would be trapped like a turtle in a jar. His speed would be of no use. He could only take it head-on without sufficient defense. How could he break through?

The attack was fierce, it was a sharp spear!

Its defense was steady, and it was a heavy shield!

If both sides existed at the same time, then from a certain perspective, they were invincible.

Wouldn't that be perfect?

Now.

Qin Luo Sheng then gave the empty talent vacancy to the armor!

Hmm!

Comfortable! Comfortable!

The [Skeleton Heavy Armor] on him was not qualified to use Endowment. After all, this was a product that had already been eliminated and was destined to be sold. He could not let this BUG-level ability of Endowment be exposed.

So.

Qin Luo Sheng resisted the urge to experiment.

"Don't panic! When we get back, we'll immediately use the Duality Dao Sword and the Glazed Daoist Robe. We're already Level 40. We'll be waiting for them until the flowers wilt."

Qin Sheng couldn't help but feel excited when he thought of the legendary two swords he had exchanged from Zhang Daoming.

When he thought about the Nine Syllables Mantra that required ten thousand crystal coins to exchange for, he was even more tempted.

The innate divine power, Three-colored Divine Light, did not change other than its cooldown reduction.

The biggest change was naturally the new bug skill. It was ranked sixth: Star God Seal!

The introduction was concise.

In terms of ability, it was simple and clear.

It was equivalent to silence.

It was similar to the forbidden spell [Chaos Barrier], which came with [Duality Sword].

But no doubt.

The Star God’s sealing ability was slightly stronger, and the upper limit was also slightly higher.

Why?

Because of the word "absolute".

As long as it was within its effective range (no more than Legendary), it would be absolutely forbidden from using magic.

[Forbidden Curse: Chaos Barrier] was strong, but it was still a group seal. However, if the existence inside had special abilities or items, it could still break free and come into contact with the Forbidden Magic effect.

This.

It was far inferior to the Star God Seal.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Qin Sheng could understand.

After all, it was a bug-level skill awakened by a SSS talent. Naturally, it was naturally a grade higher.

"Right, my spoils of war!"

After appreciating the evolution of the Lords of the Stars in satisfaction, Qin Sheng closed his stats window in satisfaction. He turned around and looked at the Demon Lord Palace, which had become dilapidated because of Lin Xiao's actions. Suddenly, he thought of something and hurriedly ran towards the place where Lin Xiao had died.

"The corpse is gone, reduced to ashes. Tsk!"

Qin Sheng was not in a good mood as he looked at the empty ground. It was the corpse of a Legendary Boss, and it was in charge of such a powerful force like the Demon Palace. His predecessor was the Second Prince of the Taling Kingdom, the big boss who controlled the second army of the Empire. How many treasures did he have?

The losses were too great!

Still.

Fortunately, Lin Xiao was gone, and the spoils of war were still dropped. Starlight shone in the pit, almost blinding Qin Sheng's eyes.

"Mine, mine, all mine!"

Dragging his exhausted body, Qin Luo jumped into the huge pit of faith with a leap of faith. Like a mad dog, he plucked the feathers from the ground and searched among the broken rocks and piles of soil. He did not even let go of a single copper coin and kept it in his backpack.

"Ding, your skill…"

The battle was over, and his fighting spirit was extinguished. His body was exhausted, and his spirit was exhausted. Instantly, a series of notifications rang out continuously. The negative effects of the various augmentation skills were stacked heavily, and the after-effects emerged all at once, almost making Qin Sheng faint.

"Starlight Reversal, Choice, Yimu Revival!"

Qin Sheng stumbled as he hurriedly stabilized his body and cast his skill without hesitation.

Ding… Starlight Reversal successful. Yi Wood Revival CD has been cleared to zero. Current usable! '

He hurriedly executed it.

With the effect of Yi Wood Revival, all negative statuses were finally cleared.

However…

This was a way to treat the symptoms but not the root of the problem. His body had indeed been redeemed and returned to its peak state. The damage to his spirit had also been removed. However, after a long battle and scheming against Lin Xiao, Qin Luo's heart was already very tired and his mental state was very poor.

Fortunately.

It was over.

It was not a big deal to sleep over such a small problem.

"It's time to go back!"

After another round of searching and ensuring that there was nothing left out, Qin Sheng carried the black box containing the dark evidence of the high-ranking officials of the Taling Nation and was about to tear apart the return scroll to Star Glory City.

"Wait…"

Under the light of the teleportation array, the countdown reached eight seconds. Just as he was about to be taken away from the Demon King's Palace and return to the human capital in two seconds, Qin Sheng seemed to have seen something flash from the corner of his eyes and hurriedly stopped the teleportation back to the city.

“Could there be something else missing?”

Qin Luo ran towards the spot where the light had shone with a strange look. Logically speaking, it shouldn't have happened. He had searched twice.

"It really isn't an illusion!"

Squatting down, he looked at the majority of the wall that had already been buried in the pit, leaving only a tiny spot that was not even as big as his fingertip outside. It was pitch-black, so Qin Sheng finally understood why he had missed it.

He carefully pried open the surrounding soil and retrieved the item.

It was a signboard. It was pitch black and felt a little cold to the touch. It should have been made of metal. What Qin Sheng had gotten was the back. There was nothing there. It was bare. But when he flipped it open and looked at the front, he was instantly stunned.

The two flamboyant words on it completely stunned him!

Build… help!