Chapter 646: Desperate Situation! Qin Luo Ascending

In the capital.

East Imperial Building.

There seemed to be stars in the eyes of a handsome man who was listening to his subordinate's report.

"Let's wait and see!"

The East Imperial, who was known as the number one player in China's online game and was in charge of the number one guild, the East Imperial Pavilion, and had the strongest combat power, finally gave the order.

…

Jinling.

Dominating Heaven Pavilion.

A young man who was more than two meters tall and whose muscles were bulging like an iron tower sat on a leather sofa that was worth tens of millions with his legs crossed. As he listened to the report of the beautiful secret technique, he roughly blew a bottle of red wine that was worth millions into the bottle and drank it like a whale.

"That idiot Lei Hao? Interesting!"

After listening to the report, he casually wiped the wine from the corner of his mouth and said disdainfully, “Don’t bother with the Sky Tyrant Guild. Let’s see what tricks they can play. This is a good opportunity. Not only can I test the country’s bottom line, but I can also see the limit of Weeping Soul Beast. Lei Hao has done me a huge favor, hahahaha…”

…

Shanghai.

Lin Building.

"Lei Hao, how dare you?"

Lin Yatu, who had been called offline by his subordinates in an emergency call from a special mission map that he could not contact, was enraged when he heard the information report.

"What's going on? Brother Weeping Soul has always been secretive and cautious. Why would he expose information and be ambushed by Lei Hao?”

Lin Yatu asked angrily.

“This… I truly do not know.”

The subordinate smiled bitterly.

"Gather all the troops. I want to go to Furious Bears Ridge to destroy the Thunder Union and finish off Brother Weeping Soul!"

As he spoke.

He turned around and went back to the gaming capsule, leaving behind his subordinate who wanted to ask him to stay. His subordinate looked conflicted.

…

Shanghai.

In a quiet manor.

"Miss, the location has been determined. It's at the Flying Bear Mountain 200 kilometers south of the city."

A young girl who looked like she could score 90 points reported humbly and respectfully to the girl who was sipping tea in the stone pavilion.

"Sigh!"

The girl sighed softly. "It wasn't easy for me to be 90% sure. I was going to visit you in Shanghai for a day or two, but this happened. It's really unlucky!"

The girl lowered her head even more, not daring to reply.

“Forget it.”

After muttering to herself for a few seconds, the girl continued, "Coincidentally, that stupid Lei Hao helped me out. It's really hopeless for me to come knocking on his door just like that. Even if I have a backup plan, I can't force it. Now that Lei Hao is willing to risk everything, he definitely has full confidence. Weeping Soul Beast is destined to be unable to escape calamity. At this time, if I come knocking on his door, I'll be sending charcoal in snowy weather. However, is it really that smooth? Weeping Soul, I should say, Qin Sheng. Hmph, no one who my Rose wants has ever been able to escape my grasp."

…

Citigroup, Maple Leaf Country, North Bear Country…

The imperial capital’s azure hair, the demon capital’s Fengxing, the capital’s Mu Mu…

The entire world was restless.

…

"What a heroic scene!"

Young Master Thunder and the others looked at Qin Sheng, who was showing signs of fatigue, and beamed happily.

them.

From the very beginning, he had never intended to kill Qin Sheng head-on. Even with the restrictions of such an inescapable net, he had subconsciously thought that he was inferior. Thus, he had formulated the most conservative strategy—to rely on numbers to build, exhaust, and grind.

How shameless!

Very sinister!

How shameless!

However…

They had succeeded!

Even though his soul was like a hangdog, under the continuous impact and unlimited consumption of energy, his stamina continued to plummet. He really could not take it anymore!

He had no choice.

One against ten.

I’m just fucking outnumbered.

What?

Not convinced?

In the beginning, the Thunder Guild players were still unwilling.

After all.

They had spent so much time and effort to obtain the level and equipment. Who wouldn't feel heartache if they lost them?

But.

After being killed once or twice, five or ten times, he was already numb.

Level?

Just drop it!

Equipment?

I'm naked, what's there to be afraid of?

It was with these thoughts that Qin Luo, who was not afraid of wearing shoes, was suffering more losses.

The most disgusting thing was…

When those smart dogs saw this situation, they immediately took off the only equipment they had and threw it to the logistics department for safekeeping. They didn't bring anything with them and went straight for it.

In any case, Weeping Soul Beast could kill anyone with a single strike of his sword. What difference did it make whether or not he wore his equipment? He might as well save it so as to prevent the system from buying his equipment after he dropped it.

This was f * * king money!

Qin Sheng had no way of dealing with this sort of shameless fighting style.

He was obviously here to die.

Are you going to kill me or not?

No killing.

If he broke through the defense line, he would be finished. The other party would definitely change their strategy and let the elites break through the plankway and surround him.

Kill.

It would consume your stamina indefinitely.

Let's see who can last longer.

In any case, I'm just sacrificing a bunch of lecherous men. You can do whatever you want.

This was a vicious cycle.

It was extremely unfavorable for Qin Sheng.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Luo Sheng was not someone who would sit and wait for death.

He had also attempted to kill his way through.

Unfortunately.

Too naive.

Young Master Thunder was not stupid. How could he give him such a chance to turn the tables?

Indeed.

The ones charging at the front were all useless.

But.

Behind the frontline, there were rows of elite Shield Specialists, blocking the road.

Behind the Shield Specialists, a bunch of Priests were ready to heal!

The Cleric's healing ability and the special medicine he had bought from Hidden Dragon Pavilion could only be used to slash at Qin Sheng, who could not use his skills. There was nothing he could do in a short period of time. There was absolutely no way he could charge over.

Thus…

It completely destroyed his path of retaliation.

‘ What?’

The charging player didn’t suffer any damage. Was he completely unafraid?

That's right.

It was like this.

However, if they did not suffer any damage, would the Magic Legion behind not suffer any damage?

You have to know.

From the beginning until now, those guys had been playing with unlimited firepower and had never stopped attacking.

In any case, there was an endless supply of potions at the back. Not to mention these twenty minutes, even if it was two days and two nights, as long as he could endure it mentally, it would not be a problem at all.

One minute!

Two minutes!

Five minutes!

Ten minutes!

Another ten minutes passed!

Qin Luo Sheng's attack speed was getting slower. The biceps on his hands were aching, and so was his wrists.

Him.

He was already exhausted.

"Hahaha… I hit him, I hit Weeping Soul Beast!"

At this moment.

Another batch of suicide troops had arrived. The leader was a burly man who had died at least a dozen times. He was dressed in novice clothes that could not be torn apart because he could not expose his body. Waving his fist, he punched Qin Sheng heavily.

MISS!

The level difference was over 20 levels, and he was completely naked without any equipment.

Without a doubt.

The damage from this punch was a huge zero.

Yet.

This gave everyone unimaginable confidence.

Because.

This was the first time in half an hour that someone had touched the inhuman Weeping Soul Beast!

What did this mean?

It meant that Weeping Soul had reached its limit. It could not even defend the last camp point!

In an instant.

Countless Thunder Guild players had tears in their eyes as they celebrated, especially the plain-clothed troops in front of them. They couldn't help but hug each other, not caring about the death threat of Weeping Soul. The entire scene was even more festive than the New Year.

Qin Sheng:…