Chapter 643: Qin Luo The Battle God

What did this mean?

Qin Luo Sheng had almost cursed the 18 generations of ancestors of the mainframe!

Qin Sheng could understand why the other summons, such as the [Summoning Skeleton Giant] that existed in the [Skeleton of Death], had been sealed. After all, it required mana points or communication with the equipment. It was understandable that it would not work under the seal.

However…

Why couldn't he summon his pet and mount?

I can go to NLGBD!

I've already been forced into such a desperate situation. Why aren't you giving up?

Were they really not going to give him a way out?

They had to force him into a corner before they could stop?

I won't feel good if you don't torture me to death?

【斜体】 "F*ck you!"

Still.

If you want me to die just like that, just this bunch of trash isn't qualified enough.

So what if everything was sealed?

I can still move!

Me!

Weeping Soul!

He was invincible!

Come up if you have the guts.

Even if he could not use skills, even if he could not enhance himself, even if he could not find helpers, so what?

My will to fight has not been lost!

My steel body has yet to fall!

The sword in my hand has not been blunted!

My hands are still there!

My feet are still there!

I—

He could still fight!

Besides.

Facing a bunch of trash like you, even if you don't have any skills, what's there to be afraid of?

I have all my attributes and equipment. Even if I only have the most basic effects, I will not be reduced to a tiger that is bullied by dogs, a dragon that is bullied by shrimps!

"Kill, kill, kill!"

"Kill Weeping Soul and drop his equipment. The starting point is Epic and Legendary. It's all on the equipment ranking!"

"Those who kill Weeping Soul Beast and obtain the rewards will get ten million. I won't have to worry about this for the rest of my life!"

"Kill Weeping Soul Beast once today. One million RMB reward. He has level 40, which is enough for him to die 40 times. The first time, 10 million. The next 39 times, that's 39 million. That's nearly 50 million. Everyone, charge!"

"You can be promoted to a cadre after destroying Weeping Soul Grounds once. You will be recruited by Young Master Lei into the core team. You will get salary and benefits every month. From time to time, you will have to build a team. Also, don't snatch any girls. Weeping Soul's life is mine!"

"…"

A group of players who had been blinded by greed, under the stimulation of the super reward promised by Mad Thunder, which was enough to "fish leap over the dragon's gate", turned into desperate warriors, charging forward fearlessly, charging towards Qin Luo.

"What a bunch of greedy people!"

Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly looked at these greedy, twisted, and demon-like idiots. He strode forward and stood at the front of the plankway, guarding the narrow space that could only allow the five of them to pass at the same time. He waved the two swords in his hands. "If you want to kill me and take my reward, I'm afraid you won't be able to return alive!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The sharp edge of the sword swept past the front row of players.

-5,8446!

-55,238!

-57,7474!

-5,8002!

-57,996!

Five huge five-digit yellowish-purple damage values exploded!

These second-tier elite Players could not even withstand a single blow from Qin Sheng's sword and were instantly killed one after another. They turned into a ray of white light and soared into the sky, leaving behind only equipment on the ground!

Oh!

All of them were critical hits?

Interesting!

Qin Luo was amused on the spot!

This effect was equivalent to activating Sky Wolf's 100% Critical Hit!

Still.

That was not the case. He was just lucky!

The 60% of the Lord of Stars was too easy to trigger for these idiots whose luck was too weak!

Yet.

Even though he killed the five players of the vanguard team in one hit, he did not stop the players who were blinded by benefits.

Besides.

Even if he wanted to stop and retreat, there was nothing he could do!

The only ones who could see this instant kill scene were the limited number of players in front. The ones behind were too far away to be seen. As they pushed and shouted, even if the players in front did not want to continue, they would be pushed forward by the players behind, unable to stop.

Kill!

Kill!

Kill!

Qin Luo Sheng seemed to have turned into an ice-cold machine as he kept brandishing the sword in his hand. One sword after another, he was frantically reaping the lives of this bunch of fools who were rushing forward to die.

White light.

They continued to soar into the sky.

Each time, there would be five. This meant that five players had died!

In just a few seconds.

Qin Qin Sheng's ID was already dripping blood!

This was a sign of too much evil.

Back then.

In the Beginner's Village, a forbidden spell scroll had wiped out tens of thousands of players. Its evil score had increased by tens of thousands every second, and it was impossible to clear it. If not for the special hidden quest that had been completed afterwards, the dynasty officials of the system would have let bygones be bygones, and it would have been completely wiped out. Who knew how many monsters would have been killed to restore it to its original appearance?

Yet.

Today, perhaps it was going to reenact that red drop of blood from the past, perhaps even take it a step further, the magnificent scene of red turning purple!

…

At the other end of the plankway.

Relying on the Mystic Radiance Technique, Long Zhan, Mad Thunder, and the others felt a chill in their hearts as they looked at Qin Luo Sheng, who was wearing an evil ghost mask and reaping sword after sword, just like an evil spirit.

Never in their wildest dreams had they imagined that after Qin Luo had been restricted to such a state, such a situation would still occur.

Was he even human?

This was a player?

MLGBD!

He was practically a god of death!

Even Shield Specialists could only withstand two strikes at most. Even after using Defense Enhancement, it was still the same.

Secondary tank, Berserker, instakill.

As for the other occupations, it was needless to say.

And their attacks?

Shield Specialist Rao Yiqiao, Berserker was the same.

Needless to say, the Archer was killed before the Thief could even attack.

The Summoner was useless. The Cleric didn't go up.

The Dark Priest's curse was weakening, but only one of each DEBUFF could take effect, and it could not be stacked. It was a drop in the bucket for that pervert, far from enough.

The only useful one was a mage. Not bad, but—

Wasn't this damage too low?

It was only a two-digit number. What was the use of breaking through his defense?

Even if dozens of mages attacked at the same time, it would be useless!

After one round, a few thousand points were deducted, and a bottle of potion was directly filled. F*ck!

One minute!

Two minutes!

Ten minutes!

The people who were charging forward came one after another!

Wave after wave of people died!

Yet.

The only enemy was still standing on the other side of the plankway, not moving a single step, like a god of war!

How was this supposed to be played?

Young Master Thunder nearly went crazy!

The Thunder Guild players were dumbfounded!

Long Zhan and the other external helpers even had a great mental breakdown!

"Don't be afraid, continue attacking. I don't believe that this fellow's potions are endless!"

Mad Thunder watched as the elites he had brought with him died once. Their levels dropped and their equipment dropped. At this moment, they were all naked like refugees. His heart was bleeding.

This was the foundation of his Thunder Union!

Now!

The losses were too terrible!