Chapter 644: One Man Holds The Pass, Ten Thousand Men Can'T Open It

Loss!

Mad Thunder was mentally prepared.

No one knew better than him how terrifying Weeping Soul Beast was.

This loss was still within the acceptable range!

Since he’d made up his mind and acted on it, then he definitely had to succeed and accomplish it in one go. He would completely crush Weeping Soul Beast and make it impossible for him to turn the situation around!

Like this.

Only then would they be able to live up to the Thunder Union's terrifying efforts. Only then would they be able to revive the Thunder Union's reputation. Only then would they be able to revive the gradually declining Thunder Union. Only then would the Thunder Union have the qualifications to have a place in the increasingly intense power struggle in the future…

So.

He, the Mad Thunder Young Master, could not afford to lose, the Thunder Union could not afford to lose, and the Lei Clan could not afford to lose either.

One loss.

Whether it was him, Lei Hao, the Lei Clan, or the Thunder Guild, they were all finished. None of them survived!

‘ But—’

What happened now?

He was disappointed!

Just a single wave of attacks was easily swept away by Weeping Soul Beast. This caused a group of proud and arrogant subordinates to start doubting their lives. They began to cower in fear, not daring to charge forward…

Morale plummeted!

"Everyone, hold on! Weeping Soul Beast is tired. He won't be able to hold on for much longer. I hereby announce that the rewards promised previously will be doubled!"

Young Master Thunder panicked.

If these guys were scared and didn't dare to move, wouldn't it mean that their plan would go bankrupt?

How could that do?

Hence!

Mad Thunder endured the pain and increased the reward.

As the saying went, "With great rewards, there will be brave men."

The double reward stimulation made many hesitant players howl at Qin Sheng again.

If he died, he would at most drop one level before dropping his equipment.

As for levels, after the dungeon was released, there was no need to fight with others for monsters all over the place. There were all kinds of PKs, and they could level up the dungeon anytime and anywhere. It would just take a little more time.

As for the equipment…

There was a subsidy in the union. Even if it was not a full subsidy, it was not bad.

After all.

With so many people, how could the union take care of them perfectly?

This was a big gamble.

After killing Weeping Soul Beast once, he would get a million RMB. In addition, he would be able to join a core team or even an elite team. It would be equivalent to an official organization. He would get paid and benefits. Wouldn't that be great?

Now it had doubled.

Killing two million each time.

First kill: 20 million!

Damn!

The first clear was to use it sparingly and not worry about it for the rest of his life!

Killing a house and a decent car at once!

Who could withstand that?

Even if Weeping Soul Beast was truly invincible, even in such a desperate situation and under the assault of so many people, it still displayed such tenacity. It was just a f*cking hack, but Boss was right!

No matter how strong Weeping Soul Beast was, he was still a human. The potions in his backpack would eventually run out. At that time, it would be time for them to harvest. Even if the process would be long and painful, victory would definitely belong to them!

It was a big gamble with a small one!

Using an insignificant level to fight for a lifetime of glory and wealth!

What a bloody profit!

What if that lucky guy is me?

With such thoughts in mind, the players of Thunder Guild were like injected with chicken blood. They became agitated, and each of them was unafraid of death. They did not care about their own lives and completely ignored death.

Morale soared!

"Are these guys crazy?"

In the face of an even more terrifying impact, Qin Sheng felt his scalp tingle.

Initially, they had already restrained the momentum of their charge. With absolute strength, the group of idiots was utterly terrified.

But now…

In the blink of an eye, he got excited again.

Even.

It was even more ferocious than the previous charge!

In order to prevent these fellows from breaking through the defensive line, he had no choice but to increase the tempo and frequency of his attacks. The rate at which his stamina was depleted was constantly increasing.

"If this continues, it won't be long before I run out of stamina. At that time, I will be at the mercy of others and will be completely gone!"

Qin Qin Sheng was furious.

But there was nothing he could do.

Escape?

He could not escape!

These damned array formations even blocked out space, let alone ordinary methods. His range of activity was just a tiny bit at the end of the plankway. It was simply disgusting.

Fight?

He couldn't win!

There were countless of them, and they numbered in the thousands!

What about him?

Alone and without help, he fought alone!

There was always time!

Besides.

After these guys increased their pace, he had no choice but to speed up along with them. It was even more exhausting.

Not doing this?

A roundabout attack?

That was impossible.

Firstly, there was no terrain that could provide him with this battle strategy. Secondly, he would die faster if he did this.

Now.

According to the end of the plankway, a single man could hold the pass, and even ten thousand people wouldn’t be able to break through. He could still barely hold on.

Without this advantage,

There was no turning back!

Why?

Because the plankway was only a plankway, the space was limited. At most, five people could walk side by side. Moreover, if there were five people, it would be very crowded, and they wouldn’t be able to move their hands or feet at all, making it difficult for them to fight.

So—

The four of them attacked together!

If that was the case, he could barely endure it.

Once he lost the advantage of this stronghold and those fellows broke through the defense line, then without the restriction of the narrow terrain of the trestle road, what Qin Sheng was facing was not the charge of four players at one time, but a group of five players at most. The numbers were immeasurable.

At that time, there would be no chance for a reversal. Everything would collapse!

One minute!

Five minutes!

Ten minutes!

Another ten minutes passed!

Qin Sheng, who had been fighting furiously for twenty minutes, could not take it anymore. Especially in the last ten minutes, the rhythm of the attacks increased and the frequency increased. It made the muscles in his arms overload and he was at his limit.

"Damn cute baby daddy, damn Crazy Young Master Lei, damn Long Zhan, damn dragon race…"

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth in hatred.

He did his best.

He really did his best.

No matter how he killed, his enemies would appear like endless leeks.

A thousand people…

Two thousand people…

Five thousand people…

Ten thousand people…

It was unknown how many players had died in Qin Sheng's hands. In any case, his ID was now bright red and the color was rich.

It would have been fine if it was in the past.

Once a player died, if they did not have a revival skill, they could only choose to return to the nearest city or village to revive.

In that case…

Even with the best horse, the Ferghana horse, it would still take a long time to reach the Furious Bears Ridge. Besides, this was the peak of a short mountain in the Furious Bears Ridge. It would take at least half an hour to climb up from the foot of the mountain.

But.

Not only did that bunch of dogs and dragons bring the formation scroll that sealed him, but they also brought other functional scrolls.

For example: Forced resettlement at the resurrection point!

This was undoubtedly a nightmare for Qin Sheng.

It meant that even if he died, he would not escape this terrifying trap. Instead, he would revive endlessly in this trap and be killed countless times by these bastards.

However…

To the players of the Thunder Guild, this was a godsend!

There was no need to run away from death. Instead, it would revive in the array formation on the other side of the plankway.

This way…

There was an endless stream of soldiers!

This…

There was no way to play a completely unequal battle!

————

Author's Note: Thank you, newbie player big brother's bulldozer and two Mojitos. Thank you very much! Thank you, big brother, for your support all this time. Tears in my eyes, bow!

At the same time, he also wanted to talk about the updates in March. He would keep the bottom three chapters a day. Sometimes, when he was too busy, he would owe a debt and pay it back in the future.

‘ I’ve been a bit annoyed these past few days. The relatives and elders from my mother’s side are here for eye surgery. There’s no nursing. There’s nothing I can do about it. I’m the only one who’s up to it. I’m taking leave to accompany them. Maybe the updates are a bit screwed up, but they shouldn’t be broken.’

Once again, he thanked the newbie player, the big shot, for his tip. At the same time, he thanked the big shot, who had become the first book, and then he kowtowed to me again!

As for updating the big boss, I will put it on the agenda as soon as possible.

Cough, cough. I'm going to torture the Lord next. At the same time, it's time to fill up some of the pits that I dug in the beginning. I'll have to start the plot in real life.

‘ Well, that’s all. It’s night. Good night, everyone.’