Chapter 648: Party! Feast! Surging Undercurrents

The players from the advance troops were not random people. They would not feel bad even if they died.

them.

They were originally the elites of the Thunder Guild and had been nurtured by the Thunder Corporation from the start of the game. Now, they had reached the top of the B-list rankings and were even the mainstay.

But now?

Crippled!

Completely crippled!

And the crippling of this group of people also meant that a large part of the Thunder Union’s middle and high level strength group was missing!

This could not be helped.

He had died more than ten times on average, and his level had dropped below level 20. What was this?

Third-rate?

Or dregs?

This group of people was destined to be the lowest of the low in the future. They were trash that couldn’t be supported. It was basically impossible for them to make a comeback unless they were willing to invest everything and give them the best resources.

But was that possible?

Capitalists were the most heartless.

Without value, how could the Lei Corporation take them seriously?

Self-destruction was definitely their final outcome.

This was only one of the reasons.

Second.

This group of advance troops' players wanted to gain the upper hand and kill Weeping Soul.

Hence.

The equipment configuration was top-notch. It was bought at a high price from the Leiting Organization's backer, Lei Corporation.

But.

What use was that?

A Guardian could take two strikes, but a Berserker could only take one.

Good equipment?

They were all insta-killed, yet they still had good equipment?

This was not because of the advance troops, but because that man was too strong!

It was hard to imagine.

If there were no restrictions, how terrifying would that man be?

The equipment worth hundreds of millions was gone.

Under the repeated assaults and deaths, they were basically all killed. Even though they woke up later and became 'naked pigs' to charge, it was already done. Only less than one-tenth of their equipment was preserved. It was a huge loss.

He was gone. So was the money.

This wave.

The chairman of the Lei Corporation, the father of Young Master Leiting and the helmsman of the Lei Family, really cried until he fainted in the toilet.

…

"Live broadcast: Thunder Guild enforces justice on behalf of the heavens, eliminating the biggest cancer in the world of fate, eliminating the most arrogant cheat user in history—Weeping Soul!"

A long, ambiguous title appeared on the trending post.

Even though the title was terrible, it was enough to attract attention.

Besides.

With such popularity, they were already on the cusp of the news. Even if they were to live-stream and sleep, there would still be billions of views.

This…

The moment the livestream was released, the popularity skyrocketed. From 0 to 100 million, it only took a few seconds.

Fortunately.

The livestream system had not been released yet, and the livestream on the thread was just an illustration.

Even so.

The number of people in this post had already exceeded one billion and its popularity was more than ten billion. It was simply insane.

Except.

The livestreaming system in the game did not exist, but video recordings and pictures were not affected at all.

Long ago, many Thunder Guild players had secretly recorded many videos and taken many pictures.

You have to know.

Even if the Thunder Guild eliminated all possible spies, this was not an absolute rule. After all, how could some hidden spies be found so easily after hiding for so long?

However…

This matter was of grave importance, and no one would believe him.

So.

Before the operation, other than the absolute confidants, 100% could be ruled out as spies. All the other players did not inform them of the situation and only used the activity as an excuse.

True.

This flamboyant operation had blinded the spies, preventing them from sending any useful accurate information. As a result, no one outside knew about this' decapitation 'operation before Qin Sheng entered the trap!

However…

It was not too late to react.

When Qin Sheng was successfully trapped and unable to escape, everyone present understood what this so-called "activity" was.

It was not an entertainment activity.

It was not like the usual days where there was a collective expedition every day or week.

Instead—

A real big event. A big event.

This time.

The spies hiding in the Thunder Guild finally understood. Although they had blocked all information due to the Dragon race and were unable to transmit this news, the video recording and pictures were not affected.

Thus…

In addition, some of them were not spies, but they were willing to do so for the sake of benefits, popularity, and traffic. When they attacked, they would shoot furiously, causing small videos and high-definition pictures that were either far away or near to be constantly circulated from the forums and other platforms, instantly attracting a lot of attention.

Even though many shameless guys set their lousy "works" as a fee, it still made countless players who wanted to get first-hand information go crazy and pay to watch.

This was an internal strife in China!

This was a live broadcast of the number one man of destiny, Weeping Soul Beast, or Broken Halberd Sinks Into Sand!

This was a battle that could affect the fate of the world!

Not to mention the large factions that needed to understand the situation in detail, even ordinary players could not resist the temptation and started to generously offer their gifts.

This way…

The gamers who posted the videos were all laughing so hard that their mouths were about to burst.

In just a short period of time, they had earned at least several months of their own salary. Those who were more popular had even earned their entire lifetime's worth.

How could he not be surprised?

How could he not be fanatical?

How could it not be comfortable?

Driven by money and benefits, all of them were crazy to the extreme, especially the players from the advance troops. They were the suicide squad that could come into close contact with Weeping Souls. Even if they went up, they would be hit by a sword and then GG. However, this was the closest distance to Weeping Souls, and it could be considered a battle with Weeping Souls.

Such videos were the most popular.

Because.

Countless people around the world wanted to understand the mystery of Weeping Souls.

Now.

They got what they wanted.

Video after video appeared in front of their eyes.

Thus…

They had reached their climax.

"What the f*ck, is this the Weeping Soul Beast? How awesome!"

“This shape, this equipment, this damage. Are we playing the same game?”

"I'm f*cking going crazy. He's so cool. As for us, we look like we came from a refugee camp. This difference makes us unable to live."

"Big Brother Weeping Soul is so handsome. Big Brother Weeping Soul is so manly. Big Brother Weeping Soul wants to have your babies!"

"One minute. I want all the information on this masked guy."

"Is this fate's number one person? I'm screwed! He's really invincible."

"One sword for one? No, he's killing three with one sword, five with one sword. And he's killing the Shield Specialists and Berserkers with the highest HP and defense. F*ck, this is too much."

"What the f*ck, are they going to surround Weeping Soul, or are they going to achieve Weeping Soul? These fools, other than seeking death, I don't see any meaning in their charge?"

"…"