Chapter 641: Shivering Dragon Battle, Shivering Dragon Race

"Don't waver!"

His shout calmed the other hooded men down. They looked at the hooded man standing at the front, and as if they had found their backbone, they temporarily calmed down. "What eloquence. I was almost convinced by you. Unfortunately, when the plan started, nothing could be reversed. No matter how eloquent you are, it's useless. Today, you're dead!"

"Huhu, I was wondering who it was. Turns out it's the Black Dragon Clan's Long Zhan!"

When Qin Luo Sheng heard this familiar voice, he pondered for a moment and knew his identity. He sneered on the spot and said, "Why? Are you afraid that your brother Dragon King won't be able to defeat this Dragon Lord, so you came here on the eve of the final battle to resolve this hidden danger for your brother?"

Long Zhan:???

At this moment.

The hooded man Long Zhan who stood at the very front also could not help shuddering all over.

With his identity hidden, no one would know who he was. Naturally, he would feel comforted and self-hypnotized. He would not be able to recognize me.

Yet.

Now that Qin Sheng had exposed his identity with a single sentence, how the f*ck was he going to play?

"You've got the wrong person!"

Long Zhan's mind trembled violently, and his mind went blank. But he also knew that this was not the time to be silent. Otherwise, wouldn't this be equivalent to admitting to it without beating himself up? Hence, his lips opened and closed, and under the circumstances where his scalp was numb, he spat out this sentence. "I'm not Long Zhan, and I'm even less of a dragon!"

A dozen hooded men:…

Thunderstorm Young Master:…

Everyone present:…

Brother!

Are you an undercover?

Don't speak if you don't know how to speak, alright?

What the f*ck!

Who would believe your words?

Her voice trembled and her words were pale. Was it convincing?

No!

Not at all!

On the contrary, it seemed more like he was resisting stubbornly after his identity was recognized, refusing to admit it!

You might as well not fucking say it!

If he remained silent, he might make the other party suspicious and think that this was a deliberate ruse.

But now…

It was a stone hammer!

He didn't even have a chance to quibble!

"Awesome, bro!"

Compared to the silence on the other side of the plankway, Qin Sheng couldn't help but laugh.

Right!

You are not Long Zhan!

You are not a dragon!

Hmm ~

Look at my eyes!

Was it sincere?

I nearly fucking believed it!

"That's it? This is the brother of the Black Dragon King, an elder of the Black Dragon Clan, a strong competitor for the next Black Dragon King? Isn't his acting too unskilled? His mental fortitude is also extremely trashy! Sigh, I'm really worried for the Black Dragon Clan! If I f * * king defeat the Dragon Abyss and take over the Black Dragon Clan, when the time comes, all my subordinates would be such idiots, that's simply…”

Seeing that these powerful assistants were on the verge of breaking down, Young Master Thunder was afraid that these idiots would cause trouble again. When the time came, Weeping Soul Beast would not be killed and instead, he would be in a mess.

This plan.

Even though this bunch of fools had suggested it and given them the greatest help, the executors were him, the Mad Thunder and the Thunder Guild!

He was no fool.

Soul Weeping Energy!

Soul Tear strength!

The influence of Weeping Soul Beast!

Who didn't know about Fate Dimension?

If it weren't for the fact that there was no possibility of reconciliation between him and Weeping Soul Beast, if it weren't for the fact that he truly hated it to the skies, if it weren't for the fact that the plan was almost certain, if Weeping Soul Beast hadn't existed, the future of him and his guild would have been bleak…

Even if he was crazy, he would never do something so crazy!

You have to know.

This was a gamble!

Not only was he betting on Thunderclap Madman's loss of one person's life, but he was also betting on the fate of Thunderclap Union, this large aircraft carrier!

The plan went smoothly!

If he succeeded in taking revenge, not only would he be able to vent his anger, but he would also be able to restore his gloomy future back to normal. He might even be able to take another step forward. After all, if he was able to get rid of the Weeping Soul Beast, the reputation of the Thunder Guild would definitely soar and reach its peak. At that time, after a series of operations, their influence would increase greatly. It would be a little difficult for them to surpass the East Imperial Pavilion and the Sky Tyrant Guild, but it should be very possible for them to reach the third place!

But once the plan failed!

There was nothing to say, just four words—

It was over!

"Brothers of the Thunder Guild, charge!"

There was nothing else to say.

Then—

So be it!

Young Master Thunder was really scared.

He had always thought that even if he did not manage to maximize his ability, he would at least be considered a master.

But from the looks of it.

He was still a younger brother.

Weeping Soul had not said much from the beginning to the end, but every time, he had hit the nail on the head. He had hit the nail on the head. Even though it was not a blow to the heart, it was a blow to the heart. That was enough.

Now.

He was the meat on the chopping block.

This motherf*cker originally wanted to humiliate this guy, so he did not immediately launch an all-out attack. He wanted to vent his unhappiness and vent his pent-up frustrations that had been suppressed by Weeping Soul Beast. He wanted to play the cat and mouse game.

In fact.

Young Master Thunder knew very well that a proud person like Weeping Soul would not kneel and beg for mercy.

In reality.

It might work!

After all, no matter how unyielding a person was, they knew that they only had one life.

But this game world?

Haha!

Everyone was a player!

Everyone could revive infinitely!

Who the f * * k are you?

Kneel and beg for mercy?

Eat shit!

Yet.

Unexpectedly.

His little selfishness, mentality, and petty manipulation almost caused him to fail. So Weeping Soul Beast almost convinced a group of big shots and turned against them on the spot.

How could this be?

Tsk!

Without wasting any more words, he attacked!

If this went on, it would really be GG Media!

"Don't try to fool me!"

Looking at the group of Thunder Guild players charging up the plankway and charging towards him, even Qin Sheng, who had been sealed by all sorts of tricks, was not the least bit nervous. He did not even take a glance at those trash. He still looked at the hooded man, which was Long Zhan, and said with a light smile, "Back then, I took away the Dragon God's treasure that your elder brother Long Yuan was guarding, and from then on, I was hunted down. He was helpless and had no choice but to use the name of the Black Dragon King to seek help. At that time, the Dragon Island appeared in the world, the Dragon Nest opened wide, and tens of thousands of dragons came out, hunting me endlessly in the empire. And you, the Dragon Dragon Long Zhan brother, bit me like a mad dog, refusing to let go. I still remember it vividly!"

Long Zhan shuddered once more.

“Forget it, I can’t be bothered to waste my breath on you. Since you’ve chosen this path, and it’s impossible to turn things around now, then prepare to suffer the consequences if you fail!”

Qin Luo Sheng said with a determined expression, "I don't care if all of you are from the Black Dragon Clan or the other clans. All of you can forget about running away. No matter who your mastermind is or how many there are, I'll find every single one of them and let them know the outcome of daring to oppose me."

“Don’t think I’m boasting, I’m just trying to scare you. Just you wait and see! Three days from now, I’ll definitely be there at the Terrifying Dragon Arena! When that time comes, I’ll chop off Long Yuan’s head and settle the score with you all!”

At this point, Qin Sheng's face suddenly twisted as he looked at the group of hooded people who were trembling at the same time as Long Zhan. He revealed an extremely cold and sinister smile that was like that of an evil spirit. His eyes were filled with ruthlessness without the slightest emotion as he stared straight at them. He said, "At that time, skinning the bones, breaking the horns, and pulling out the tendons will only be an appetizer. Your clan will be humiliated. Your loved ones, including your parents, brothers, and daughters, will all be implicated. They will be imprisoned, exiled into the abyss, and even… stripped of their bloodline! Hahahaha…"