Chapter 649: Recovering From A Desperate Situation, Various Props Showing Off (1)

The entire world exploded.

In addition to the official forums, the official video section, VBO, Tieba, and TikTok… All the media channels and platforms that could transmit information were basically filled with information about this battle.

Not only that.

The official media couldn't sit still anymore. It wasn't only limited to China. It was the same for the other countries outside China. Be it the national media, private media, large media, or public accounts, they were all crazily sponsoring sponsored partnerships.

Countless people took action.

Countless organizations began to move.

The state apparatus was operating.

The hidden forces were gradually appearing.

Everything.

All of them looked at the Hua Xia warzone, the Tu Yao City, the Furious Bears Mountain Range, and the plankway battlefield that had become extremely heated.

The other warzones could only watch.

However…

On the Huaxia warzone side, the major forces and even ordinary players who had received the news started to head towards the Furious Bears Ridge.

Even though most of the forces were watching.

Even though most of the players did not move, they stopped what they were doing and started to watch videos, posts, and the live broadcast of "The Most Official".

Still.

Some people started to move.

Even though the ratio was small compared to those who did not move, there were at least tens of millions of people in the huge base. They crowded the resurrection points of the Earth Brilliance City, and the road from the Earth Brilliance City to the Furious Bears Ridge was endless like a flood of dragons.

At this moment.

The world was focused on the Flying Bear Mountain!

…

Everything in the outside world.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have the time to bother about it. At this moment, he had found a glimmer of hope in this desperate situation. Overjoyed, he hurriedly grabbed it.

"A bunch of trash, die!"

Qin Sheng reached into his backpack and took out a white item that looked like a mushroom. However, it was a miniature version that had shrunk many times. As he looked at the Thunder Guild players who were gradually crossing the plankway and heading over, his eyes revealed extreme ruthlessness.

"It's time for my counterattack!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

This item that he had just obtained from the Demon Palace dungeon, or more accurately, the Spore Bomb that he had collected from the corpse of the Piranha Flower Goblin Yi Ping, was unexpectedly useful in such a short period of time.

Rumble…

Rumble…

Rumble…

Spore Bomb—that was one of the trump cards of Epic Boss Piranha Flower Goblin Yi Ping.

As an Epic BOSS, Yi Ping's abilities were too trashy. She was simply a disgrace to Epic.

And that was exactly why.

Perhaps the system had given Yi Ping other powerful abilities in order to balance or compensate.

For example, Devour had the ability to kill instantly.

For example, the Spore Bomb was extremely powerful and consumed very little energy. If it was used in large numbers, it would basically be drowned by the bomb if it did not have any special means. It would collectively spiral into the sky.

Although Qin Luo Sheng could not be like Yi Ping, he only needed to shake his body and hundreds or thousands of spore bombs would be shot out. However, these fools from the Thunder Guild did not need such a big formation at all.

A hundred spore bombs were enough to create a path!

Even if the Thunder Guild set up the resurrection point at the other end of the plankway, they would revive after dying, revive again after reviving. In terms of military strength, it was basically the kind that was endless.

Yet.

It would take time to kill his way from the resurrection point to the end of the plankway.

And this was precisely Qin Luo's opportunity.

If possible.

He could make use of the Thunder Union's heavy casualties. When there was no time to defend, he could walk out of the plankway bit by bit until he walked from this plankway to the plankway where Mad Thunder was currently staying.

Then—

Crisis averted!

Turn defeat into victory!

"Ahhh…"

Under the spores' explosions, the group of naked pigs could not resist at all. They were all blown up. All the players within the range of the explosions died without exception.

This was not because Spore Bomb was so awesome. If it were any other normal player, this would not have happened at all. However, what Qin Luo Sheng could come into contact with was a group of naked pigs, and the ones he could blow up were also the group of naked pigs.

After being killed more than ten times by him, his level dropped below Level 20. Furthermore, all his equipment was either dropped or taken off by himself, leaving only a newbie cloth robe. What use was that?

This level, this HP, this equipment?

You want to withstand the Spore Bomb?

Even though this thing was mass-produced, it was still one of the trump cards of an Ancient BOSS. How could he not look down on it?

Besides.

This spore bomb was not only explosive, but also poisonous.

This poison was no ordinary poison. It was extremely fierce.

Even Qin Sheng would not have been able to withstand so many Sporeal Bombs if he had not been immune to the Epic-ranked poison from the Jade Bone. He would have taken the opportunity to kill Yi Ping if he had fought her head-on.

In other words.

These hundred spore bombs were not only powerful grenades, but also bio-weapons grenades. They could be considered a killing machine on the battlefield and were suitable for this kind of crowded place.

"Ah…"

"Help!"

"Priest, heal me! Quick!"

"Retreat, retreat, retreat!"

"Quickly retreat to the plankway, don't rush!"

"…"

Five spores exploded, killing all the naked pigs that swarmed forward. At the same time, Qin Sheng retrieved his lost position and walked to the plankway entrance once again.

The players from Thunder Guild who had already broken out of the encirclement were either killed by the explosion or poisoned to death. It was extremely tragic.

Naked pigs die without heartache.

However, those who followed behind had never died even once. Those who were in charge of the battlefield had also died. It was fine if their levels dropped by one level, but if their equipment dropped, their strength would be greatly reduced. It was simply killing them.

"Bastard, stop squeezing! Stop squeezing!"

"Do the dogs behind you not understand human language?"

“Look, Weeping Soul Beast has that strange poison bomb again!”

"Help! Help! I don't want to die from planting mushrooms!"

"…"

Initially, they thought that victory was within their grasp after exhausting Soul Sobbing Strength. Immediately, all of them charged forward impatiently, preparing to split the spoils.

After all.

To them, the first kill promised by Mad Thunder Young Master was 20 million yuan. Killing two million yuan each time and all sorts of follow-up benefits. That was rather tempting. How could it be snatched away by others?

But.

It was precisely because of their greed that the people behind them gave it their all, squeezing their brains out, wanting to get a share of the loot, or even monopolize it.

Unfortunately.

Even if Qin Luo was a dragon swimming in the shallows and a tiger landing on the flat land, he was still a dragon and a tiger. How could a loach like them fight against a puppy?

Compared to those powerful bosses, Qin Luo Sheng did not dare to talk about his background!

Yet.

Compared to other players.

‘ Then I’m sorry.’

me.

Qin Luo.

He was so rich!

————

< EMPTY >