Chapter 647: Breaking The Line Of Defense, Starting Live Broadcast, The World'S Attention

"Crap!"

Qin Luo Sheng's expression suddenly turned very ugly. Fortunately, he was wearing the Ghost Face. No one else could tell.

Except.

It was not important whether he could see it or not. What was important was that everyone knew that he was already at the end of his rope.

This situation should have happened a long time ago, but he had been stubbornly holding on in order to maintain his dominance.

Now.

He couldn't even hold on anymore and completely collapsed.

The fox exploiting the tiger's might was finally broken by that simple and harmless punch.

This time.

Everyone knew that he was at the end of his rope.

Their morale, which had been on the verge of collapse due to the continuous deaths, had recovered at the most critical moment. Moreover, it had risen straight up as if they had been injected with chicken blood.

"We're doomed!"

A bunch of good-for-nothings indeed had no lethality at all. However, they were humans after all and also real existences. In a situation where Qin Sheng had no stamina and could not lift his sword or kill, he had no ability to stop them.

This way…

This group of "naked pigs" that were like no man's land would cause the middle gate to open and Qin Sheng to kill tens of thousands of players. The plankway gate that had been guarded for more than half an hour was breached. No, to be precise, it should be breached.

The plankway entrance was a strategic location and could not be lost.

They were already at an absolute disadvantage. Once they lost their advantage in the terrain, they would really be unable to turn the situation around.

There was nothing wrong with the suicide squad. They were just a bunch of trash. Even if he stood there and let them fight, he wouldn't be able to kill himself even after a hundred years.

But.

Those who managed to preserve their strength were not easy to deal with!

Just now, he had been restricted on the plankway. Qin Luo had been blocked off by Qin Sheng alone. As the plankway was only so big and the terrain was too limited, there were very few troops that could attack Qin Luo, and even fewer that could attack him. That was why he had been given a chance to catch his breath. He had been able to hold on with the backpack full of potions that he had prepared for Jatu and the others before they had set off.

Now.

Once they broke through the plankway, the large group would no longer need to squeeze together on the narrow plankway. They would be able to ascend to the mountainous area on the other side of Furious Bears Ridge. Then, groups of Thunder Guild players would use this place as their base to open up their formation and continuously eat their food.

Once the range of movement was completely reduced by the endless shrinking, apart from the cone-shaped area under his feet, the rest of the area was filled with densely packed Thunder Guild players. Qin Luo Sheng had become a dumpling, with no chance of turning over.

In fact.

Now, the outcome of the battle was set. There was no way to reverse the situation.

Without stamina, no way to resist, and no way to escape, he could only be at the mercy of others!

The human flood was here!

Qin Luo Sheng was forced to retreat.

The "naked pig" in front did not matter. It was just that Qin Sheng was continuously pushed back by the power of the crowd and did not suffer any damage.

Yet.

If this was the case, then Qin Luo's plankway was no more.

The group of Shield Specialists, Priests, and Mages behind them would be able to advance forward without any obstruction.

"Hai, my life is over!"

Qin Luo could not help but lament.

It was not that he was trying hard, but he really had no choice.

There was a limit to human strength!

He had killed tens of thousands of players and survived the bombardment of hundreds of first- and second-tier mages by himself.

This was already a miracle!

Unfortunately.

Miracles only appeared for a moment, they could not last forever.

Not only was his stamina depleted, even the potions in his backpack were almost depleted. At this moment, there was nothing else in his backpack other than some props.

Eh!

Wait.

Prop?

Qin Luo seemed to have recalled something in his mind.

That's right!

How the f*ck did I forget these things?

"Bastards, do you think this is the end?"

Qin Luo, who had initially thought that he had accepted his fate, regained his sharpness once again. Extremely cold killing intent and violent and turbulent viciousness emerged once again.

Asura—

Return!

…

"Hahahaha… Weeping Soul Beast is done for this time, the outcome is set!—Men, the popularity of the post is high enough, the pictures are probably not enough to satisfy those guys who are so anxious. Now, start the live broadcast!"

"I, Mad Thunder, want everyone in this world to see this. Even that bastard Weeping Soul has offended my Thunder Guild and ended up like this. I want Weeping Soul to lose all his equipment under the eyes of everyone in the world. I will kill him until he reaches Level 0. I will step on him and humiliate him."

On the other side of the plankway, Young Master Thunder was looking at the broken plankway entrance. Hatred and resentment surged in his heart uncontrollably. His expression was twisted and his eyes were bloodshot as he howled like a mad dog.

He laughed.

A cruel smile.

She laughed maniacally.

Apparently—

He thought of the upcoming revenge, the bright future of the Leiting Union, and the glory of the Lei Corporation that was about to reach a new level…

But.

As he laughed, the smile on Mad Thunder's face crumbled.

Him.

I couldn’t laugh anymore.

Instead—

His mouth twitched, his face trembled, and his heart twitched.

Why?

It hurts!

He had paid such a heavy price for a Weeping Soul Beast. Even three liters of blood wasn't enough to express the pain in his heart!

What price?

His Thunder Guild had paid over a billion gold and silver for this operation!

Such a huge amount of money, it was not a serious injury, but it drained most of the company's current cash flow.

He had paid such a huge price. If everything went well, then so be it.

After all.

This was a small loss that could save the future of the corporation.

However…

Reality was so fucked up!

His goal was indeed about to be achieved, but the process was not beautiful.

Never would he have thought that he would be unable to summon the legendary True Dragon and Qilin, who had always been ranked first on the Pet Rankings and Mounts.

Just Weeping Soul himself fighting alone was terrifying!

More than ten thousand people died!

‘ No.’

He must have died more than ten thousand times.

How ferocious was this?

Was this the reincarnation of a god of death?

Even if they learned their lesson later on and became afraid of being beaten, the advance troops directly stripped until they were naked. Apart from the system's mandatory newbie cloth clothes that could hide their bodies and never be exposed due to harmony, there was nothing else. They didn't even have the newbie wooden sword and could only use their fists to attack. It was completely a suicide squad, all for the sake of sending themselves to their deaths and exhausting their soul-wrenching strength.

However…

The previous miscalculations had led to the current situation. The losses were so severe that even a giant like the Lei Corporation could not accept it.

————

…