Chapter 642: The Dragon Race'S Final Decision

Scared!

He was really scared!

Regret!

He really regretted it!

Whether it was Long Zhan or the other dragons who did not expose their identities and still hid in their hoods, an indescribable fear and regret rose in their hearts at this moment.

Looking at the laughing Qin Sheng, who they usually looked down on the human race the most, at the same time being favored by their god, the human race that had been appointed as the Dragon Lord could not help but feel a chill from the soles of his feet to the top of his head. His entire body went cold and his scalp went numb!

This—lunatic!

As for the races that relied on bloodline inheritances, especially the great ancient races, such as the Dragon Clan, Phoenix Clan, and Kirin Clan, these three leading races, their dependence on bloodline was simply unimaginable to other races.

Actually!

Humans also relied on their bloodlines.

The descendants of the ancient gods were indeed much stronger than the humans with ordinary bloodlines. They were born with a very high starting point. This was what they meant by following.

Yet.

In comparison, humans were a race that didn’t care about bloodlines.

Because.

Humans believed that humans were superior to the heavens.

So.

The human cultivators were the most numerous, but most of them didn’t believe in the heavens and didn’t believe in fate. They only believed that they had three feet of green mountain in their hands that could cleanse the mortal world and slaughter demons and devils. They didn’t respect gods and didn’t listen to buddhas. They only believed that they could defy the heavens and become famous, and walk out of their own path.

But this was only human.

This was what he did.

Only humans.

Even if it was not unique, none of the other races could do it. In other words, it was unique!

As for the dragon race?

In ancient times, birth was a realm that ordinary humans could never hope to reach in their entire lives. Even as the human race developed and the dragon race declined, they had to admit that even the mixed-blood dragons had a higher innate quality than humans.

Besides.

After the Dragon Race was born, most of them did not cultivate or were lazy in their cultivation. They were not passionate about it and did not frequent it. They only slept most of the time and refined the innate divine arts and abilities inherited from their bloodlines to enhance their combat ability. Or perhaps they evolved themselves according to certain methods to purify their bloodlines and inherit more Dragon Origin Dragon Force.

For such a race, stripping away one's bloodline was even more serious than destroying one's dantian and destroying one's sea of consciousness. After all, even if you were crippled, you were still a single person. However, for a race that focused on bloodline, once their bloodline was stripped away, that would be terrible.

For example, a true dragon.

After the bloodline was taken away, it would degenerate indefinitely.

What would degenerate into?

First, it degenerated into a flood dragon, then into a viper, then into a python…

How pathetic!

This was also why these dozen or so dragons had such a huge reaction when they heard the words "deprived of bloodline", especially when it implicated their loved ones and children.

This made Long Zhan and the rest express very Gan!

It was fine if he was punished, but if he implicated his own family, that would not do.

However…

Now that they had done what they had done, they could not get rid of such a serious crime.

Disrespectful to the Dragon God!

He was only pretending to comply!

Attacking the Dragon Lord!

It would damage the reputation of the dragon race!

…

Wasn't that a crime that he didn't even dare to imagine?

Everything else aside.

The first rule alone was enough to destroy their family. No matter who they were, they would not be forgiven.

After all.

The Dragon God was not only the god of the dragons, but also the ultimate blessing of the dragons. He was also the ancestor of all dragons, the origin of the dragons, the supreme existence of the dragons.

How could he possess the bloodline that he was so proud of when he was disrespecting such greatness?

There was nothing to say.

He took away the matter directly.

‘ If you don’t want to be a dragon, I’ll grant you that. I’ll let you be a loach.’

"Kill him!"

The fear in Long Zhan's heart at this moment far surpassed hatred and anger. His somewhat hoarse voice expressed that this dragon race's proud son of heaven, one of the next inheritors of the Black Dragon Clan's Black Dragon King, his mentality was already on the verge of collapse. "I must kill him, kill him completely, never appear in this world, not even a trace of remnant soul can do it!"

"We have no other way out. Not only are we unable to escape responsibility for this operation, even those… they are the same. The implications are so great that no one can bear the responsibility. Even if it's not for those reasons, everyone should think about their loved ones. Do you want to see your parents, brothers, wives and children stripped of their bloodlines and never become dragons again?"

Long Zhan's roar spread throughout the entire battlefield. An ear-splitting roar made a group of hooded men whose minds were in disarray and could not make up their minds instantly gathered confidence and also made up their minds—

Now that they were on the pirate ship, there was only one way to go!

"It seems like you have made your decision!"

Qin Luo Sheng slowly pulled out [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier]. His gaze was cold as he looked at the Thunder Union players who were approaching him. "Since that's the case, I hope you won't regret it in the future!"

"Kill!"

Qin Luo's furious roar and boundless killing intent seemed especially violent under his resolute generosity.

Even though everything had been sealed, Qin Luo Sheng was still crying his soul out. That unyielding soul crying his soul out. He did not dare to be called a hero, but he would not be a bear either. How could he be scared off by a bunch of trash?

Energy Seal!

Not only were all the skills sealed, even the equipment was sealed.

In other words.

At this moment, not only was Qin Sheng unable to use any of his skills, even the supplementary skills and special effects on his equipment were the same.

Of course, the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] hadn't turned gray yet, which meant that they were effective.

After all.

This thing was given to him by the Master of the Stars who was gifted in SSS. How could these sealing arrays be of an SSS grade? How could they surpass the Master of the Stars?

The effectiveness of Star Spiritual Endowment meant that there was no problem with the Lords of the Stars. They could use all the BUG skills.

Unfortunately.

The BUG skills of the Lord of the Stars were strong, but most of them relied on other abilities. It was very difficult to change the situation by relying on oneself!

Starlight Reversal, Clear Zero skill CD, but now all the skills were gray, so it was useless!

The Starlight Blessing raised a certain ability to its limits. It was also because the skill was useless and it was useless!

Needless to say, the Starlight Miracle and Star Spiritual Endowment were completely useless in battle.

The only useful Astral Spirit Mirror was used during the battle with the great demon king Lin Xiao. It could only be used tomorrow!

The Star God Forbidden Energy that had just been awakened was indeed a bug that could absolutely ban magic, but this was a super ability that was used to deal with the strong when it was targeted at a single target. What kind of situation was this now? This was a group attack, and an unending stream of revolving battles would not help.

This time.

This was really troublesome!

Not only that.

The seal of energy also prevented him from summoning!?