Chapter 640: Speechless Dragon Race

"Are you going to betray your god?"

The hesitation of more than a dozen hooded men roused Qin Sheng's spirits.

Maybe.

A turnaround?

Thus…

A loud roar was heard.

Instantly.

More than a dozen hooded men appeared even more flustered.

Why?

Qin Luo's words were too powerful!

God!

It was a taboo word!

Even in a modern scientific society.

You can choose not to believe me, but you have to respect me!

If the modern society of atheism was like this, then what about the world of fate where the true gods were constantly manifesting their miracles?

Humans respected God Supremacy, but most of them respected their ancestors!

This.

Many races were the same.

For example, the Dragon God only respected the Dragon God, the Phoenix Clan only respected the Phoenix God, the Wolf Clan only respected the Wolf God, and so on!

‘ Of course.’

There were also many races that believed in a god.

For example.

The Flower Spirit Race, the Tree Spirit Race, and the others believed in the Goddess of Life!

Humans and many peace-loving races believed in the Goddess of Light!

The Light Faction of the entire Fate Continent believed in the Goddess of Fate!

Other than the wide range of faiths, the main faith of the major races was definitely their own Race God!

After all.

For every race, the existence of the family clan's God was the best way to increase their strength. It was definitely a stabilizing force.

But.

What were the dragons doing now?

The person who harmed the Dragon God's favor!

This was too much!

Such behavior was simply outrageous.

This was an unforgivable crime!

Because—

This was betraying his own god, the faith of the dragon race!

It would be fine if they weren’t discovered, but once they were, then the consequences would be absolutely devastating!

If the Dragon God was angry and abandoned them, how would the dragon race behave?

Without the protection of the Dragon God, could the dragons still have their current status?

I want to eat it!

Not to mention maintaining it, it would already be good if it was not exterminated by other races blessed by the gods. For example, the natural enemy of the dragon race, the Roc race, the Phoenix race, and the Kirin race, which were not on good terms with the dragon race, were the other inferior races that wanted to pull the dragon race down at all times.

Enemies were not that scary.

After all, the dragon race was a great race that had been passed down from the ancient times to the present. They were once the overlords of the world, and their heritage was unfathomable. As long as those top-notch gods, such as the Phoenix God and the Qilin God, did not personally take action, the dragon race would have nothing to fear even if they were some random god.

The most terrifying thing was!

If the Dragon God was completely angry, he would deprive the Dragon Race of their bloodline. In this way, not only would the Dragon Race be unable to evolve, but it might even cause the existing Dragon Race to degenerate. At that time, the Dragon Race would really be finished. They would "fade into the masses" until they were exterminated by their enemies and completely disappeared from the world.

The consequences were too severe!

No one could bear it.

The Dragon Emperor couldn’t do it, the elders couldn’t do it, the dragon kings couldn’t do it, they couldn’t even tie them together.

After all.

This was related to the future of the dragon race, and the survival and continuation of the race. Once this matter was spread, those old ancestors who no longer cared about the matters of the race would definitely jump out at the first moment and kill all the unworthy descendants.

"What are you guys doing?"

Just as the dozen or so hooded men were about to be persuaded by Qin Sheng, Mad Thunder jumped out and stirred up the situation. He roared anxiously, "He's an enemy, an enemy! Do you want to listen to him? If we don't get rid of him now, then none of us will be able to get out of this alive. Don't forget that you were the ones who asked me to cooperate with you. You're the mastermind. Once he gets through this crisis and takes revenge, you'll suffer much more than I did. What's done is done. If you stop now, do you think he'll let you off? Naive! If you don't kill the snake, you'll be harmed! Today, either he dies or we die!"

The words.

The hooded men's hearts finally wavered. They gave up and moved back.

"As expected of the head of the Thunder Union. His eloquence really did not let down this identity!"

Qin Luo's face instantly darkened.

It was not easy for him to scare these dozen or so clearly not very smart dragons. He did not expect that he would be turned back by a few words from Mad Thunder. It was really disgusting.

That's right.

Young Master Thunder was right.

It was too late for the hooded men to stop.

For such a major event, as long as no one knew about it, it was best not to do it.

hide.

There was no way he could hide it.

The difference was…

Whether it was only spread among the upper echelons of the Dragon Race, across the entire Dragon Island, or across the entire continent, everyone knew about it.

But no matter what.

For example, these dozen or so executives would definitely not be spared. They would definitely suffer the most severe punishment and would definitely die.

His only chance was to completely eradicate Qin Sheng so that he could no longer speak. In that case, perhaps this matter could still be covered up.

After all.

The ones who killed people were humans, the enemies of the Dragon Lord himself.

No one knew who had helped them.

There were too many array formation scrolls. They were too broad. Any race with a bit of background would have their own private stash and could take them out.

When the time came.

Even if the dragon race was the most suspicious, as long as they refused to admit it, in a situation where there was no evidence, who could do anything to the dragon race and dare to forcefully pour dirty water on the head of the dragon race?

Even though the Dragon Emperor and the neutral camp, and even those clansmen who were close to the so-called Dragon Lord because of the Dragon God, were very dissatisfied with this, they had no choice but to suppress all their dissatisfaction in their hearts for the sake of the reputation of the Dragon Race. Not only did they not dare to erupt, but they even had to come out and help these murderers cover up and clarify the ‘rumors’!

"It seems that you have made your choice!"

Qin Qin Sheng narrowed his eyes and stopped persuading him.

Because.

It was meaningless.

The reason why he was able to convince these guys earlier was mainly to scare them and make use of their extreme respect for the gods to make them hold back.

Unfortunately.

It was useless.

Since he had overcome this most terrifying psychological barrier, nothing he said would help.

"It's such a pity that you chose the most wrong path. It's a path that will most likely consign the dragon race to eternal damnation. It's also a path that consumes eternal damnation for all of you. I don't know anything else about today's matter, but once the rules of the dragon race punish all of you, you will have to go to the Dragon Slaying Platform. The worst case scenario is that you will be sealed by the dragon pearl, have your dragon horns broken, have your dragon scales removed, and have your dragon tendons extracted. You will become a crippled dragon and be sent to the dragon tomb to guard it. Until the day of your death, you will not be qualified to enter the dragon tomb!"

His emotionless words sent chills down the hoodlums' spines.

As dragons, they naturally knew the clan rules the best.

Disrespecting the Dragon God.

This was the most unforgivable sin!

Not to mention them, even the dragon kings, grand elders, hall masters, and even the Dragon Emperor could not afford it.