Chapter 653: Approaching Death

A sealing formation!

A bug array that could seal all skills!

However…

This formation did not refer to Qin Luo alone, but to everything.

What did that mean?

It meant that as long as one was within the formation, no matter who it was, they would be sealed.

It was the same for Qin Luo and the Thunder Guild players.

This was also why the advance troops and the Iron Turtle Shield Specialists did not have any skills at all. They only relied on their own equipment to withstand the attacks and used their medicine and Priests to block his path.

It wasn't that they didn't want to.

It was because he could not use any skills under the sealing array!

Still.

These idiots didn't have any skills to use, but the Mage players from Thunder Guild could still use magic to attack him.

What did this mean?

It meant that the sealing formation would not affect the area in front of them.

As such,

As long as he stepped into that region, he would be able to break free from the sealing formation and recover his original strength.

When the time came.

Whether he wanted to fight or stay, it was all up to him.

Fight.

A complete set of skills and a powerful forbidden spell. How could the Thunder Guild be considered weak?

Run.

He could learn more about space jumps.

Who could stop him?

"I won!"

Qin Luo Sheng was overjoyed. With a wave of his hand, he threw out five extravagant Spore Bombes at the same time. After a series of explosions, the nude pig advance troops and a few shield-bearers who had just arrived from the rear were blasted to death before they could even get close. After paying a level price, they turned into a ray of white light and returned to the temporary resurrection point at the other end of the plankway.

Boom…

Just as Qin Luo was about to step out of the "cage" and obtain the "light", a figure suddenly appeared in front of him as if he had teleported. At the same time, a brazen and powerful fist ferociously struck his chest.

Bang…

Qin Sheng had been caught off guard by the sudden flash and the powerful blow. He had been struck in an instant and the powerful force had burst forth, causing his body to be sent flying uncontrollably. He could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood in the air and was already severely injured.

"Cough cough…"

Qin Luo endured the pain of his internal organs being shifted and his ribs being broken. Ignoring the blood flowing from the corner of his mouth, he stood up shakily, wanting to see who had ambushed him.

Yet.

When he saw the enemy clearly, he could not help but curse.

"Bastard!"

Qin Sheng did not know who it was.

Except.

That extremely familiar hood shape and the fact that he did not dare to meet anyone, coupled with that extremely powerful force, was enough to send him flying. It was obvious who it was.

Dragon race!

This damned dragon race!

To think that he would step in at the last moment!

"NMLGB!"

Qin Luo Sheng broke through his defenses and cursed loudly.

Damn it.

Just one more step and he would be able to escape from this predicament.

However…

That was the step.

He hadn't even taken a small step before he was punched by the other party, sending him from heaven to hell.

There was an indescribable difference in his heart. He had extinguished all hope, but at the same time, he had given up all hope. Who could withstand this?

"Brat, you will definitely die today!"

The hooded man had an ugly look on his face when he was scolded by Qin Luo.

Him.

When had a mighty dragon, a proud warrior, suffered such humiliation?

Besides.

And this was right in front of him, pointing at his nose and insulting him mercilessly!

"Traitor, unfilial descendant, filthy and disgusting trash… As the Dragon Lord, so what if I scold you?"

Qin Luo did not care about the pressure exuded by the hooded man and continued to insult him without mercy.

“You’ve already schemed against me like this, and you want to kill me. Do you still want me to respect you?

What the f*ck are you thinking about?

"I hope you can still be so stubborn next!"

The hooded man who had been provoked forcefully held back his anger. Normally, he wouldn't mind playing with Qin Sheng, but now, time was tight. The effects of the Deceitful Heavenly Talisman were strong, but time was also limited. He had to finish what he needed to do.

Boom…

Even though he was also trapped in the sealing formation and could not use any skills, because he did not dare to reveal that he was a dragon, he could not use his racial talent, such as dragon breath or something. But as a dragon, how strong was his physique?

One punch!

One punch!

Another punch!

Qin Sheng, who had been ambushed to begin with, had his ribs broken and his internal organs damaged. How could he possibly resist or dodge? He was immediately taught a crazy lesson by the hooded man.

"F*ck, who is this guy? He's so fierce!"

"Am I f*cking seeing things? Our Thunder Guild has such a ferocious person? He can even hang Weeping Souls up and hammer them?"

"Big Brother Smile, I want you!”

"Ah… I'll be my idol from now on!"

"Big Brother Xiaoxiao, I'm 18 years old. I'm fair-skinned, beautiful, and have long legs. I'm a flower from XX University. Can we meet?"

"Brother, I'm your long-lost brother!"

"Brother, please look familiar. Please protect me. Please provide for me. In future dungeons, bring me along. I'll be your dog!"

"…"

Countless voices instantly rose.

The shouting in the wilderness was all over the place, but the messages in the channel were clear. They started flooding the chat.

Where's the content? "

Without exception, all of them surrounded the big shot "Smile" who suddenly appeared.

Surprise, flattery, kneeling, licking, begging to be kept, begging to be a lackey, begging to be brought to a dungeon, begging…

In short—

All kinds of licking!

"These idiots, they're simply embarrassing me!"

Seeing his subordinates in such a pathetic state, Young Master Leiting's face turned green, then green, and then black. It was like a Sichuan opera changing face. It was so fast that it was too much for the eyes to take in. It was so fast that people were amazed and determined. It was so fast that people felt inferior.

Still.

Mad Thunder was also secretly shocked.

Even though he knew that these hooded men were very strong, he did not expect them to be so strong. They could even beat up such a ferocious Weeping Soul Beast until it could not fight back at all. This f*ck, their fighting strength was beyond the horizon!

"Quick, quickly broadcast it live!"

As the boss of the Thunder Guild, Young Master Thunder was not an ordinary rich second-generation heir. To be able to sit in this position, other than his father being very powerful, he also had some capabilities.

When he was beaten up by Weeping Soul Beast earlier, he had challenged tens of thousands of people from his Thunder Guild. He did not have the face to do so. He only told them about the live broadcast and did not dare to offend all the players in the world. He could only brace himself and proceed.

Still.

Only he himself knew how much of it there was.

Now.

The situation changed, the situation reversed.

If he didn't use this opportunity to publicize, his brain would really be filled with shit.

As for "Smile", was he someone from the Thunder Union from time to time?

He he…

Did that matter?

Now that 'Smile' had appeared on the battlefield, and amongst the players of his Thunder Guild, he was even enemies with Weeping Soul. He was currently beating Weeping Soul up… Was this not enough to explain everything?

Anyone would think that “Smile” belonged to his Thunder Union!

But he wouldn’t say.

Even if others found out about the situation in the future, he didn’t care when they questioned him. In any case, he had never said that the ‘Smile’ belonged to the Thunder Union. It was just that they had misunderstood.

Not only could he not take responsibility, he could even create hype now. It was truly wonderful!