Chapter 654: Ding, You'Re Already Dead!

"Breaking news! Destiny's Number One Weeping Soul is being hammered by a player!"

"Who is Smile?"

"Thunder Union Information!"

"The Battle of the Furious Bears Ridge!"

"Weeping Soul's Doomsday!"

"The upcoming world upheaval!"

…

After the video of "Smile" beating up Weeping Souls was "live-streamed" by Mad Thunder, the entire world instantly boiled over.

Countless people were stunned.

Weeping Soul!

From the start of the game until now, it had always been a legendary existence. Yet, it was being beaten up by a nameless player?

This world was crazy!

Many sobbing fans did not want to believe it. However, under the ironclad truth, they had to admit that everything was real. Their idol had lost.

The legend was destroyed!

"This is impossible!"

Other ignorant players could only make judgments based on facts, but those who had interacted and cooperated with Qin Luo Sheng, such as Yatu, Qing Si, Sanguine Rose, and Tanshi Suhe would never believe.

They knew very well how terrifying the true Weeping Soul Beast's strength was!

Yatu and the others were still fine. After all, they had worked together a long time ago. They did not know much about Qin Sheng's growth.

Yet.

The female members of the Primrose Militia, led by Sanguine Rose, were different. They had personally witnessed Qin Sheng's prowess.

Terrifying attacks, unpredictable abilities, extraordinary speed…

There were also Legendary pets, Legendary mounts, and extremely perverse forbidden spells…

Was such an existence invincible?

Not invincible.

But that was only for the Boss!

To the players.

Almost as invincible.

Now.

He was actually beaten by a player?

This was absolutely impossible.

Not to mention these people who were familiar with him, even those who were not familiar with him or those who were attentive could discover that in all the videos that so many people sent out, Weeping Soul had only used a horizontal slash or a horizontal slash. He had not used a single skill. Moreover, he had not summoned his legendary pet or mount.

Besides.

A faint smile appeared out of nowhere. The attack method was just a fist, purely physical, purely physical…

This…

It did not look like a fantasy virtual battle at all. Instead, it looked like a street fight in the real world.

"Damn bastard!"

Qin Luo Sheng gritted his teeth and scolded furiously.

Unfortunately.

No matter how he cursed, the hooded man remained unmoved. His iron fists seemed to be equipped with GPS navigation as they kept landing on him.

One punch, two punches, three punches…

Even though Qin Luo's health points were rather high and his recovery speed was not weak, coupled with the fact that he kept popping pills, it was still unable to offset such a ferocious attack, this endless consumption.

He wanted to counterattack, but with his skills sealed, he was completely overwhelmed by the hooded man. There was nothing he could do. In addition, his stamina was already exhausted, so he could only passively take a beating.

"Struggle before death!"

The hooded man looked at Qin Sheng, who was attacking madly like a cockroach. He had thought that he would be able to solve the problem very soon, but it had delayed him for so long that the effects of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman were about to end. He could not hold it in any longer and shouted furiously, "Why don't you die with dignity? Your future has already been decided. No one can change it. This Soaring Bear Mountain will be your burial place. I said it!"

"Who do you think you are? Why should you decide my future?"

Qin Luo Sheng panted heavily as he endured the intense pain that came from all over his body. Trembling, he took another Strengthening Dragon Blood Pill and pulled back a portion of his health points. Then, he replied disdainfully, "I'll definitely pay back the humiliation I've suffered today tenfold, a hundredfold! Just you wait. This day will come very soon. You bunch of dregs, when the time comes, none of you will be able to escape."

The hooded man shivered uncontrollably!

"Not too long, really not too long! Three days later, three days later, when I arrive at the Dragon City and step onto the Terrifying Dragon Platform, it will be the end for you and your mastermind. At that time, I would like to see what kind of expression the insufferably arrogant you will show! HAHAHA…”

Arrogant!

Unparalleled domineeringness!

Proud and unyielding!

Even though he was at an absolute disadvantage and was on the verge of death, Qin Sheng did not show the slightest bit of fear, much less beg for mercy. On the contrary, he was fearless and aloof, looking down on the universe.

In his eyes, this group of trash, who were obviously dragons but hidden in their hoods, were just a bunch of clowns. They were simply not presentable.

Indeed.

The current him was no match at all.

He could not even beat this hooded person in front of him, let alone those dozen or so hooded people who were still far away. One of them was even Long Zhan who "knew everything", the royal clan of the Black Dragon Clan, the younger brother of the current Black Dragon King.

Yet.

He looked down on these idiots.

Nothing else.

They were just a bunch of trash.

Why were they here?

He was just afraid.

What was there to be afraid of?

They were afraid of the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform three days later!

They were afraid that Long Yuan would lose!

He was afraid that the Black Dragon Tribe would become his subordinates!

So—

They were here!

Weren't dragons arrogant?

Yes!

But.

After all, some dragons were not.

They were such dragons.

Especially Long Zhan.

He did not even believe that his own brother Long Yuan would lose to a mere human.

With such thoughts,

They were already crippled.

They were no longer the dragons who looked down on all races and despised everything.

He was once the overlord of the world.

After giving up his position as the overlord, his spirit also began to degenerate, no longer as domineering as before!

"Ding… You are dead!"

In the end, Qin Luo Sheng was still unable to withstand the hooded man's punch. Under the endless violent attacks, he had been passively taking a beating and was unable to retaliate at all. Death was inevitable.

A white light shot into the sky!

It shocked the entire battlefield.

Everyone stared blankly at the flying white light.

It was a sign of the collapse of faith.

It was also the horn for a counterattack.

It was also the beginning of the crazy sequence.

Or partying parties—

Descend!

"Ah… Ah… Ah…"

All the Thunder Guild players went crazy. No one spoke a complete sentence. Instead, they roared at the sky like madmen and let out wild cries.

God.

He had fallen!

them.

Victory.

This was not just an ordinary death, it was also a heart-stopping medicine that gave them immense confidence and hope.

So.

Weeping Soul Beast was not invincible!

His heart, which had been repeatedly rubbed and trampled on, finally revived at this moment.

Confidence.

He returned to his heart.

People.

He would always grab onto that sliver of hope in the midst of despair. That tiny, insignificant sliver.

Qin Luo Sheng's death was their ray of hope.

Meaning.

He was just a mortal!

A mortal that could be killed!