Chapter 655: Death! Explosion! End Of The Road

"It's over!"

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the white light and looked at his unactivated resurrection ability. He looked at the level that he had dropped and the empty part of his equipment. He closed his eyes in pain.

One death.

It represented the end.

His undefeated legend.

His immortal body.

From this moment onward, it was completely destroyed.

No one understood Qin Sheng better than him. Once he fell from his pedestal, those Thunder Guild players who had fallen into despair would go crazy.

Now.

Even without the help of the hooded man from the Dragon Race, the Thunder Guild players who had already ignited hope and regained their fighting spirit were enough to drown him.

Him.

There was no chance.

"Hurry up and charge! The Weeping Soul Head Kill has been snatched by Big Boss Xiaoxiao. Big Boss is eating meat, we want soup too!"

"Since Weeping Soul has just died and his health is not full, it will be much easier to kill him now. Who knows, I might just be able to kill him with one slash!"

"Bastard, don't push me. Weeping Soul's life is mine."

"Ah… Big bang, it's really a big bang. Weeping Soul Boss has dropped equipment!"

"F*ck, I'll leave Weeping Souls to you guys to kill. A bunch of idiots, you really don't know how to write the word 'death'. A starving camel is still bigger than a horse. You guys think you can kill Weeping Souls with just a bunch of ugly melons and dates? Do you really think that the number one person in the world of destiny is self-appointed?"

"Yes, Weeping Soul, you guys go kill them. I only want to pick up equipment!"

"Idiot, don't say it. If they hear it, how are we going to fish for equipment?"

"Hey, hey, you bunch of idiots. I heard it! You guys are right. How can killing someone get an equipment fragrance? Tsk tsk, Weeping Soul's equipment is said to be at the Epic stage."

"Stop talking, hurry up and charge. Otherwise, you won't even get a sip of soup. How can Weeping Soul's equipment only be Epic? At the very least, it's an Advanced Epic. Can't you see what he sells in Hidden Dragon Pavilion? He even put out a pile of Epic equipment for sale. How can his equipment be bad?"

"Charge! The only Mythical weapon in the World of Destiny, Coiling Dragon Li Water, is mine!"

"…"

The group of Thunder Guild players went crazy.

Originally, they were prepared to charge towards Weeping Souls' resurrection point. However, they were pulled by the mouth of someone in the crowd who was not mature enough and steady enough. Immediately, all of them looked towards the spot where Weeping Souls died.

“Are you convinced now?”

The hooded man came again.

With a few leaps, he arrived before Qin Sheng, who had been revived.

"Convinced? You're such a sensitive clown!"

The corners of Qin Luo's lips curled up in disdain.

This guy.

She wanted him to say that he was "convinced"?

What a fantasy.

Wasn't it just a few taunts?

He couldn't wait to take revenge now?

How fragile and inferior!

The so-called proud dragons.

Just this?

"How stubborn!"

The hooded man was so agitated by Qin Sheng's words that he froze for a moment. Then, he was furious and snorted coldly. "You really won't shed a tear until you see the coffin! Since that's the case, I'll work a little harder and teach you a good lesson! Let's see if you're still going to be stubborn after losing all your equipment!"

Thirty seconds later!

Qin Luo turned into a streak of white light once more.

Then.

At the temporary resurrection point that was less than five meters away, he revived once again.

Level: -1, Equipment Explosion.

Then…

Twenty-three seconds later.

Qin Luo Sheng died again.

Another 18 seconds later.

Qin Luo continued to die.

…

In just three minutes.

Qin Qin Sheng had died eleven times in the hands of the hooded man!

"How is it? Are you convinced?"

Looking at Qin Sheng, who was dressed in coarse and clean clothes, the hooded man raised his head, snorted, and said the exact same words as before.

"A clown!"

Qin Luo Sheng had no expression on his face. It was as if he had been abused eleven times and killed eleven times. However, he still maintained his arrogant expression and mocked as usual, "You should take advantage of this moment to be smug for a while more! The more miserable I am, the more miserable you will be in the future. Don't worry, I've already said before that I'll return the harm and humiliation you've inflicted on me tenfold or even a hundredfold in three days. If your body size is insufficient, then let the mastermind behind you come and gather it. Let your clansmen gather it. Let your loved ones gather it… Everyone related to you must die!"

Cold words, icy killing intent, ruthless aura…

The hooded man looked at Qin Luo Sheng who had no expression on his face, and his eyes were as calm as an ancient well, as quiet as a deep pool. For some reason, his heart fell into an ice cellar, and he could not help but shiver.

Him.

Scared!

"Die, die, die…"

Using violence to hide one's fear was an instinctive move by all living beings. Even a race as strong as the dragon race was no exception. The hooded man was so frightened that he went berserk on the spot. His pair of iron fists brazenly struck towards Qin Sheng.

In less than five seconds.

Qin Luo died once more.

"Come back quickly, the effects of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman are about to end!"

Just as the hooded man was preparing to attack again, Long Zhan's words from the other end of the plankway suddenly rang in his ears, making him, who had fallen into a somewhat irritable state, instantly sober up. Looking at Qin Sheng, who he had beaten to death more than ten times, looking at the disdain and ridicule in his eyes, it was like a basin of cold water poured down from the top of his head, his heart turning cold.

He had been tricked!

He almost fell for it!

This man was truly terrifying.

Unknowingly, he had used his own life as bait to lure him into a trap.

If not for Long Zhan sending a voice transmission in time, he, who had already forgotten about the Heavenly Deceit Talisman, would really make a huge mistake.

When the time came.

Without the concealment of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman, his identity was exposed, and he had completely removed the last piece of cover.

The actions of the dragon race were meaningless.

Disrespecting the Dragon God.

He agreed with her on the surface, but secretly disagreed.

Assassinate the Dragon Lord.

…

None of the crimes could be borne by them, not even the masterminds behind them.

A little carelessness.

It might become a major event that would shake the foundation of the dragon race.

If the Dragon God was angry, perhaps the dragons would collapse overnight and fall from one of the most powerful races to a second-rate, third-rate, or even inferior race.

At that time.

They were sinners, unforgivable sinners.

Not to mention the fact that Qin Luo would seek them out to settle scores, just those of the same clan that had been deceived, suffered an undeserved calamity, and implicated would wish to skin them alive.

"Consider yourself lucky!"

After taking two deep breaths, the hooded man glared fiercely at Qin Sheng. Without any hesitation, he retreated rapidly towards the other end of the plankway.

Him.

If he wanted to leave this area before the effects of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman wore off, he had to at least leave the sealing formation area.

Nothing else.

Within the sealing array formation, he was unable to mobilize energy.

As such,

Without the effects of the Deceitful Heavenly Talisman, his aura would be exposed.