Chapter 651: Counterattack

"A Guardian?"

Qin Sheng frowned slightly as he looked at the shield-bearer, who was carrying a large shield and wearing an incomparably heavy steel armor, pressing towards him step by step.

He wouldn't think that Thunderclap Guild without any damage output was a tiger without claws and teeth. Even if the damage was gone like this and didn't pose any threat to him, what he was facing now wasn't this problem, but the problem of escaping.

Once they were blocked by these guys, there would be no way forward and no way out. When the mages who were killed by the Five Elements Thunder returned, they would return to their previous state.

"It's a little difficult!"

This narrow plankway was the only path. However, there were tens of thousands of Thunder Guild players blocking this plankway. The first to bear the brunt were these smelly and tough Shield Specialists. It was really disgusting.

"However, you iron turtles are not enough to stop me!”

Qin Luo took a step forward and the props in his hands rained down.

"Spore Bomb!"

"Powerful fire ~ medicine ~ can!"

"Powerful Sky Tremor Bomb!"

“Powerful divine flame symbol!”

“Powerful Lightningfall Talisman!”

…

In an instant.

An intense explosion erupted on the plankway.

Dark clouds covered the sky.

The ground exploded.

In the surroundings, poisonous gas spread!

Even if it was a tortoise shell, even if it was a fully armed Shield Specialist, under such circumstances, there was nothing they could do. They could only obediently allow the attack.

Under the terrifying chain bombardment of Spore Bomb, Sky Tremor Bomb, Fire Potions, and Lightning Talismans, no one could resist. Even if they activated Shield Wall and used Defense Enhancement skills, under the crazy healing of hundreds of Priests, it was still not enough.

Originally.

If he was at his peak, he might be able to rob them.

But.

That Five Element Thunder Talisman had taken his life.

Not only did they get rid of the numerous mages at the front, but they also affected the Priest team that was quite a large area, causing them to suffer heavy losses. They were unable to raise the health points of the Shield Specialists at the front.

This…

The battlefront immediately collapsed!

Even though these first-string Shield Specialists were indeed very fierce, because of the gap between their attacks, they relied on the Priest's milk and crazily ingesting potions to increase their health points, not being instakilled.

Yet.

Skills had CDs, and so did potions.

It was indeed impressive to be able to withstand a wave of attacks from the Sky Tremor Bomb and the others, but how should he deal with the poisonous gas from the Spore Bomb and the burning Divine Fire Talisman?

There was no way to deal with it!

Thus…

Large swaths of white light soared into the sky. From the front line, it fell to the temporary resurrection point on the other side of the plankway, and became the last.

"Little lambs, it's your turn now!"

Half of the Ironwall Shield Specialists had been eliminated, and the middle gate was wide open. The magic team that was the output team and the priest team that was the support team were directly exposed under Qin Sheng's eyes.

There was a limit to the number of Sky Tremor Bombs. Qin Luo was unwilling to save them even though he had already thrown caution to the wind and was not prepared to continue saving them. He wanted to use them all in this battle.

Still.

There had to be a plan for how to use it. He had to choose the best timing and the most appropriate time to fight for the best ending and deal the greatest damage.

He was not stingy.

It was because he had no choice.

How could Qin Luo Sheng not want to suppress the firepower?

However…

He had to be that powerful!

Fortunately.

There weren't many Sky Tremor Bomb, but there were at least a hundred Spore Bomb. There were still more than seventy left, which was quite a lot.

Now that the toughest shield-bearers were gone, it would be easy to deal with the weak children.

Shield Specialists would need at least three Spore Bombs to bombard the enemy, and they would need to use poison gas to destroy the enemy.

Where was the mage?

Where was the Cleric?

Where was the Thief?

One was enough!

Unless they had defensive skills, unless they had life-saving skills, unless they could immediately evacuate the poisonous gas formed by the spore bomb, they would definitely die.

…

"Impossible!"

Mad Thunder looked at the troops that he had set up. They were being harvested by Weeping Soul. He was dumbfounded. "How could he? How could he?"

The advance troops had suffered heavy casualties, but Mad Thunder could still tolerate it.

After all.

Those fellows were abandoned to die.

As second-tier players, the Thunder Guild gave them a large sum of money as well as a full set of equipment. They promised that after this set of equipment was completed, it would all belong to them.

Such a reward?

How could he refuse!

Moreover…

Everyone coveted the high reward for killing Weeping Souls.

As the vanguard, they were naturally at the front line.

First kill 20 million, kill 2 million.

That was the tempo of getting rich in an instant!

Unfortunately.

He had failed, and it was an unprecedented crushing defeat.

Unexpectedly.

With Weeping Soul Beast being so abnormal, it could defend against countless attacks for over half an hour with just its normal attacks, killing over ten thousand people.

Since he had given up, although Mad Thunder felt heartache, he was mentally prepared and accepted it.

But.

And now?

Weeping Soul had actually taken the initiative to attack, destroying his Thunder Guild's first-tier mage team and the first-tier priest team's elites. He had even wiped out the first-tier shield warrior team.

Damn!

What a shame.

After this battle.

Young Master Thunder was seriously injured.

The core members and elites of the entire guild had dropped a level. They were already behind the other factions. That was not all. The most important thing was their equipment. Now, they were not dropping one or two pieces, but one piece at a time.

You have to know.

Most of these equipment were sponsored by the Lei Corporation. Exploding them was equivalent to throwing away all the money they had invested.

Also…

The other equipment on the guild members had promised that if they dropped it, there would be a certain amount of compensation.

Just based on this.

Looking at the amount of equipment dropped, he wondered how much the subsidy was.

Initially, they had invested a lot in planning this operation. They had transferred quite a bit of cash from the Lei Corporation, but the current Lei Corporation could barely maintain its operations.

If the subsidy was given out, then the Lei Corporation's cash flow would be cut off. It would be terrible. Even if they were not held accountable by the shareholders, urged by the banks, or looked for by their partners… At the very least, they would have to sell some of their businesses or subsidiaries in order to sustain themselves.

This was already considered a serious injury.

Even if they were able to make up for it by destroying Weeping Souls, who knew how long it would take. No one knew if they would be able to resist the enemy forces while they were down!

“Bastard, didn’t you say that if the sealing formation took effect, it could seal all of that fellow’s techniques?”

Under his fury, Young Master Leiting directly opened fire. The target of his fire was naturally the dragon race led by Long Zhan. This group of people taking the initiative to come to him gave him great convenience, and also the collaborators who facilitated this operation.

——————

< EMPTY >