Chapter 657: Playing Tricks

"Charge! The only Mythical weapon in the Destiny World, Coiling Dragon Li Water, is right under Weeping Soul Beast's feet!"

After seizing the numerous "treasures", the group of people turned their greedy gazes towards Qin Sheng, the humanoid mobile cash machine, and the pile of glittering "final treasures" not far away from his feet after his last death. Among them, a divine weapon that was surrounded by golden, red, and blue dragon soul glows, as well as the enhanced 10 purple lights, was the most eye-catching.

"Coiling Dragon Water?"

Qin Luo Sheng also heard the shout and hurriedly lowered his head to look.

He saw…

Apart from [Coiling Dragon Water], [Ghost Face] and [Death God's Embrace] were also included.

Besides.

Not far away, in another pile less than three meters away, the [Soul Guidance Lamp], [Water Vein Spirit Bead], [Great Spade], and [Spider Silk Launcher] were reflected in Qin Luo's eyes.

"What's the use?"

Qin Luo Sheng instinctively squatted down and picked up all the equipment that belonged to him.

Except.

He thought about it and smiled bitterly.

If he picked it up now, it would definitely explode later on. It would be useless!

"Right!"

At this moment, a thought flashed through Qin Luo's mind.

Qin Luo Sheng's footsteps were not slow as he walked towards another pile of 'treasures' three meters away. At the same time, he opened up his current attributes to check his condition.

"Hahaha… Alright, there's always a way out!"

Seeing that he was no longer in battle, Qin Luo raised his head and laughed wildly.

"Virtual exchange platform, open!"

Qin Sheng hurriedly picked up the [Soul Guiding Lamp] and the other items on the ground. He raised his head and saw that Qin Sheng had already launched an attack on him. The magic bullets and arrows that were about to land also retreated in a sorry state.

Yet.

At this moment, he couldn't care less about his image.

Once he was dragged into battle mode, everything would be wasted.

"Set up, Coiling Dragon Water, priced at 10,000,000!"

"Set up, Water Vein Spirit Pearl, priced at 10,000,000!"

"Up, Soul Guiding Lamp, priced at 10,000,000!"

"Put it up, Ghost Face, the price is 10,000,000!"

"Application, embrace of the god of death, priced at 10,000,000!"

"Set up, big shovel, priced at 10,000,000!"

"Up, spider silk launcher, priced at 10,000,000!"

In this desperate situation, Qin Luo Sheng's hand speed exploded at an unimaginable speed. He quickly placed all the equipment and props he had on him onto the virtual trading platform and marked a price that absolutely no one would buy—one billion!

Even the only Mythical divine weapon, [Coiling Dragon Water], had unparalleled power, three special effects, and three skills. Two of them were forbidden spells, and one had terrifying endowment…

But.

Even so, [Coiling Dragon Water] would definitely not fetch a high price of one billion.

One billion!

That was a billion!

Many companies were not worth this price. Even some large companies did not have so much cash flow. Who would be stupid enough to spend money to buy such a pile of virtual data?

"It's still too little!"

However, Qin Sheng was still somewhat dissatisfied. "It's a pity that the highest price is one billion. Otherwise, I would definitely set the price at 10 billion, 100 billion!"

Although no one would have the money to buy a blood clot, what if?

To some of the hidden forces, money was just a number. It was a real number and not a show-off. In their eyes, the so-called wealthiest people were just rich.

Qin Qin Sheng knew very well how terrifying the things he had put up were.

Especially the [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and [Death God's Embrace], they were truly invincible.

Still.

At this point, there was nothing he could do even if he was worried.

Such a situation was already a pleasant surprise.

Originally.

Other than the bound medals, there was nothing else on his body other than the beginner's cloth clothing.

But under this move.

He protected [Coiling Dragon Water] and other items.

Qin Qin Sheng was very satisfied.

The spark of hope had not gone out.

Everything else.

If it exploded, so be it. At the very least, they could find a better replacement.

The treasures on the Virtual Exchange Platform, the [Duality Dao Sword] that had been placed in the Luo Shen Residence a long time ago, and the [Blood Demon Handguard] that had not been appraised in the warehouse of Hidden Dragon Pavilion…

A comeback.

He might as well.

“Bastard, what did you do?”

"Quickly hand over the [Coiling Dragon Water]!"

"Weeping Soul, don't resist anymore. Hand over all your equipment. Perhaps we can save you some pain."

"That's right. If you don't hand it over, then let us take it."

"I am the second branch hall master of the Thunder Guild, Weeping Soul. If you give me the equipment now, perhaps I can make Boss show mercy and let you off!"

"…"

The group of people watched as Qin Sheng picked up all the equipment. Their eyes instantly turned red and they all squeezed forward greedily, their faces contorted as they threatened or enticed Qin Sheng…

"What an ugly face!"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

Looks like…

These people had lost their minds.

Even those who were originally rational, under the stimulation of a group of lucky people who managed to get their hands on the equipment he dropped, their mentality changed drastically and became completely twisted.

Nothing else.

The temptation was too great!

After all.

Other than the [Bone Armor], which of his equipment was not priceless?

He could easily sell it for at least seven digits, and that was the lowest price.

Especially a few of them. Picking them up was equivalent to picking up a gold mountain. It might not be inexhaustible, but for ordinary people, they would have no worries for the rest of their lives.

House, car, girl…

Everything could be exchanged.

Under such temptation, who wouldn't go crazy?

Even the 20 million first clear promised by Mad Thunder just now, killing 2 million each time was already so tempting, not to mention this good stuff that could easily be counted in millions!

Even without equipment, those props were not bad.

Spore Explosion, Falling Thunder Talisman, Sky Piercing Thunder, Swift Divine Talisman, Sky Soaring Talisman…

Which one of them was not good?

These.

Although it wasn't worth much, it was worth at least a five-digit sum of money. It was a pleasant surprise and a windfall.

At this moment.

In their eyes, Weeping Soul Beast was no longer a player. It was a treasure trove, a treasure trove that no one could predict how valuable it would be.

"Don't force me. If you want my equipment, come and get it yourself!"

Qin Luo Sheng gave a cold laugh and strode forward. Even though he was not even level 30 yet, even though he was only left with a newbie's cloth clothing and his backpack did not even have a single bottle of potion, his dignified bearing, combined with the legend of the Weeping Soul Grounds, actually forced a group of Thunder Guild players to take a step back.

them.

He was actually afraid?!!

——————

< EMPTY >