Chapter 652: Heavenly Deceit Talisman! The Dragon Race Taking The Initiative

"This…"

Long Zhan and the others, no, Long Zhan and the other dragons also looked at each other, speechless for a moment.

‘ How do you mean?’

There was nothing to say!

Who knew why that human brat was so fierce?

Did he take drugs?

Damn it!

This was a f*cking sealing technique, sealing space, and even cutting off one's bloodline. How could it create such a huge formation?

This was simply impossible!

The difference was too great!

"What should we do?"

The dragons were communicating with one another.

They were afraid.

This operation was a risky one. If they failed, they would be doomed.

He disrespected the Dragon God and assassinated the Dragon Lord.

Any one of these crimes was enough to cause them to die without a burial ground. Moreover, once it was settled, none of their family members or even clansmen would be able to escape.

‘ Of course.’

As some idiots behind the scenes, they would even suffer the most severe punishment, and their fates were bound to be even more miserable than theirs.

"We can't let that brat break through the defense line!"

Since he had already done it, there was only one path left. There was no turning back.

Long Zhan judged the situation and took a look at the battlefield in front, immediately making a decision.

All the dragons agreed.

Nothing else.

This was his bottom line. He could not lose it.

Why?

Because the defensive line they spoke of was the limit of the sealing formation.

If he was already so fierce after being sealed, then once the sealing formation lost its effectiveness, wouldn’t that be f*cking incredible?

Besides.

Without the sealing formation, what would they do if that brat chose to escape and used his spatial ability to escape? Would they wait for the Dragon God to be enraged, the Dragon Emperor to settle the score, and then ascend the Dragon Slaying Platform? Would all their clansmen be implicated, their bloodlines seized, and driven out of the Dragon City, thus becoming food for the other races?

No!

Absolutely not!

"What should we do?"

The defensive line could not be allowed to break through. But how could it be done with just this group of ugly melons and dates? For a time, Long Zhan and the other dragons were anxious as if they were numb.

"Let me do it!"

Just as he was panicking, a hooded man came out from behind.

"Dragon… cough cough, what do you want to do?"

Seeing the person who came, Long Zhan's expression brightened. He was just about to call for help when he suddenly stopped. He coughed dryly twice and changed the topic, saying, "We can't directly participate in the battle and expose ourselves. Otherwise, even if we kill that little brat, we will also leave behind evidence and cause endless trouble."

That's right.

The reason why Long Zhan and the rest took so many detours, was also to come up with schemes, to find partners, and also to set up special array formations... didn't they do so many things just to hide their identities?

If they could openly assassinate him, with their strength, any one of them would be able to exterminate the so-called Dragon Lord, who was just a little brat, thousands of times over.

"Don't worry, I have my ways!"

The hooded man nodded. With a wave of his hand, a special Dao-mark talisman appeared.

"This is… the Heavenly Deceit Talisman?"

Everyone was an old antique who had lived for so many years. The dragon race had always been famous for collecting treasures. Long Zhan and the other dragons naturally recognized the origins of this talisman seal at the first instant.

"This is great!"

All the hooded men were happy.

Heaven Deceiving Talisman.

As the name suggested, it was a talisman that could deceive even the heavens.

Using it would allow one to conceal one's identity and not reveal any information about oneself. With it around, one could completely conceal one's identity as a dragon and attack directly.

Once all of them made a move personally, how could that little demon from before possibly survive?

"There's no time to lose, hurry up!"

Long Zhan hurriedly shouted. He already saw that one end of the battlefield. That detestable little brat was already infinitely close to the final line of defense.

"Understood!"

The hooded man also knew that the situation was urgent, so he didn’t say too much nonsense. He directly activated the Heavenly Deceit Talisman and stuck it on himself.

The next moment.

A special pulse of energy rose and enveloped the hooded man, concealing everything about him, including his appearance, smell, bloodline…

"I'm going!"

After changing his posture, the hooded man nodded towards Long Zhan and the other dragons and ran forward with large strides.

Why not fly?

What a joke.

The Deceitful Heavenly Talisman was a deception, not a way to turn someone blind.

If you f*cking reverted back to your original form, even if the Heavenly Deceit Talisman's effects were activated and blocked out everything you wanted to block, what would happen to your original dragon body? Would it be able to wipe you out?

"Hey, who are you? Does that team have any manners? Why are you squeezing?"

“Bastard, who touched my butt?”

"Ah… hooligan!"

"Smile? Who is it? Is there such a person in our union?"

“Idiot. Don’t mess around. Are you responsible for breaking the formation?”

"…"

As the Heavenly Deceit Talisman took effect, the hooded man used the words "Smile" as a player's ID and squeezed into the crowd in front of him. In an instant, the dense formation that even flies could not fly into was caught by him, making a mess.

Countless players rebuked him and 'smiled', ignoring him.

Normally,

If an ant-like human dared to shout at him so rudely, he would have burned his dragon breath to ashes a long time ago. But now, this group of dragons, the group of dragons behind the scenes, and his family were all on the brink of death. How would he have the time to care about these ants clamoring?

If they didn’t take advantage of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman’s effect and resolve this matter, then it would be a waste of the clan’s elders spending so much money and even owing a favor to obtain this precious talisman from a great figure.

"Everyone is doing well. Cooperate with 'Smile' and make way for him!"

At this moment, Young Master Thunder ordered.

Even though he did not know who these hooded men were, based on what Weeping Souls said just now, he vaguely understood a little. However, he did not care about this. The enemy of the enemy was a friend. Now, they were in the same boat. Once they failed, no one could escape.

So.

Mad Thunder chose to believe.

In the end, it was those sealing formations that gave him confidence, which led to this operation. Now, he still chose to give them a chance and convenience.

He had no choice but to believe it!

His Thunder Union was already retreating in defeat, unable to resist!

Without external help, it was basically doomed to failure.

"Quick, move aside!"

With Mad Thunder memorizing the book, the path ahead of him was no longer obstructed.

"Are we almost there?"

With the deception of the Heavenly Deceit Talisman, Qin Luo Sheng had no idea that a dragon had already blended into the crowd of players and was charging towards him at high speed. His eyes were already filled by another direction.

He swept through them.

Finally, with the Spore Bomb and other props, they reached twenty meters away from the boardwalk.

The advance troops were completely annihilated!

The Shield Specialist Team was completely annihilated!

The Bandit Team was wiped out!

Right now.

A few meters ahead was where the magic troops were.

This.

He had already entered the central area.

Yet.

What Qin Qin Sheng cared about was not this, but—

Formation!