Chapter 656: In Despair

"Why are you smiling?"

"Boss, don't go. Continue killing Weeping Soul. Explode all his equipment."

"That's right, that's right. Boss, please continue. I'm still waiting to upload the video. Tsk tsk, in just a short while, my video has more than 60 million views. I've earned hundreds of thousands!"

"What do you know about hammers? Big Boss Xiaoxiao is just looking down on us. So what if he's a Weeping Soul Beast? He's been beaten to death by Big Boss's hammer more than ten times. Big Boss doesn't want to waste time on trash like Weeping Soul Beast anymore."

"Charge, snatch the equipment! I got Weeping Soul's weapon. Tsk tsk, the Enhanced + 10 [Hundred Wars Blood Soldier] is so powerful! I will not sell it without an eight-digit figure!"

"You bastards are too fast. I only got a pair of Epic boots, [Shadow Ghost Boots]. Although it's not as valuable as a weapon, it's still an Enhancement + 10. It must be very popular for Bandits and Archers!"

"I f*cking didn't manage to get a single item. I can't take it anymore. Is killing Weeping Soul Beast considered poor? Two million is enough for a hammer. If I can get a random item dropped by Weeping Soul Beast, I will become rich overnight and have nothing to worry about for the rest of my life."

"Everything else is up to you. That Mythical divine weapon, [Coiling Dragon Li Water], is mine! If I can snatch it, live in a villa, drive a good car, play a young model… I can have whatever I want. Hahahaha—"

"…"

He smiled and retreated like a mad dog, fleeing in a sorry state.

He turned a deaf ear to the compliments of the Thunder Guild players.

As for some fans who had already become his fans, they wanted to go forward and ask for autographs and photos, but they were mercilessly ignored by him. Moreover, he used his powerful body to directly crush them, not fearing that he would kill them. He forcefully plowed a path through the crowd!

A smile was just an interlude.

Everyone soon forgot.

Because.

They have better goals, greater goals.

A group of people.

He pushed his way forward like a swarm of bees. To be more precise, he pushed his way towards Qin Sheng's dozens of deaths. Over there, the equipment he had dropped was shining with an alluring light.

"This time, it's really over!"

Qin Qin Sheng checked his condition and backpack and almost fainted.

Gone.

Everything was gone.

Her entire body was clean.

[Coiling Dragon Liquid] [Hundred Battles Blood Soldier] [Obsidian Crown] [Bone Heavy Armor] [Dragon Scale Gauntlets] [Shadow Ghost Boots]. The other five items were completely destroyed.

Other than that.

[Big Spade] [Spider Silk Launcher] [Soul Guiding Lamp] [Ghost Face] [Water Vein Spirit Pearl] [Deathbone] [Death Ring]] [Death God's Embrace] [Spiritual Light Cloak] [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] [All dropped.

From head to toe.

At this moment, only the [Life Suppliant], [Medal of Honor], [Medal of Courage], and [Dragon God's Command] were left. There was really nothing left.

The most terrifying thing was…

As the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] dropped, the prop potions and other items placed in the Illusionary Spirit Space also dropped.

After more than ten deaths, he had more than 20,000 Sin points. Every time, he would explode with a huge explosion, leaving nothing in his backpack. He really did not even have a single potion or talisman left.

"Kill!"

The hooded man left. At the last moment, his mind was clear. He did not fall for the trap and escaped directly. However, he had already fallen below level 30 and was still in a sealed state. He was also completely clean, without any potions or items, and his stamina was exhausted…

It had really…

There was no way out!

"It seems like I've stopped here!"

Qin Luo Sheng sighed silently as he prepared himself for the impending beating of fate.

It was not that he did not work hard, but he really did not have any ability to turn the tables!

"How ironic!"

He thought back to everything that had happened since he had entered the world of destiny, and then he thought about all the preparations he had made in the past month and all the hardships he had suffered since he had accepted the SS mission—the test of the dragon race.

In order to complete this quest B, he did not hesitate to 'endure humiliation'. He endured his own unwillingness and gave up so many benefits just to join the party and increase his strength and level. This was almost equivalent to Sanguine Primrose's fawning dog.

But in the end?

Today, he had returned to his former self.

Mission.

It still ended in failure.

Even though he did not have the time to use the [Duality Dao Sword] and [Glazed Daoist Robe] from the Luoshen Residence to fight in order to help Ya Tu and the others carry the potions, he managed to avoid a calamity by a freak combination of factors and managed to retain the seed of hope.

But.

So what?

From the looks of it, he would be killed back to level zero today. How could he raise his level to level thirty in three days?

Besides.

Leiting Crazed Killer had paid such a huge price, he would not give him the chance to make a comeback.

In addition, some people who were hiding in the dark would not want to cry and rise again. They would definitely stop him crazily.

Under such conditions, he might be assassinated when he went out.

Already.

It was over.

"I can't give up!"

Just as Qin Luo was dispirited, a tender voice suddenly rang out in his mind.

"W-who are you?"

Qin Luo was shocked.

"I am… Xiaoxiao!"

The tender voice replied.

Xiaoxiao?

It was Xiaoxiao?

Qin Qin's eyes widened abruptly.

He had no doubts.

Other than Xiaoxiao, who had signed a bloodline contract with him, there was nothing else that could transmit her voice directly into his mind.

Besides.

He could hear the voice too. Perhaps it was because she had just awakened her ability and could speak. Xiaoxiao's voice was young and tender, but it was also very unfamiliar. She spoke intermittently and it was difficult for her to speak smoothly.

“I… am currently pushing… with all my might… to break… the blood seal… meridian seal. I… must… release… it!”

Xiaoxiao said seriously.

"Alright!"

Qin Luo, who had been prepared to make his final stand, suddenly felt his blood boil.

Even Xiaoxiao didn't give up. She was still working hard.

How could he fall?

"Come on, you scum!"

Qin Sheng's eyes were filled with fighting spirit as he watched a group of Thunder Guild players surging over and surrounding the dozen or so places where he had fallen earlier, fighting madly among themselves and snatching the equipment and items that he had dropped.

Perhaps he would not be able to escape today.

However…

How could Qin Luo give up so easily?

The plot today would last for a long time in the future. One day, he would return it to the Thunder Union tenfold or even a hundredfold. He would return it to Young Master Thunderclap.

Still.

Before that.

If he wanted to break him down completely and kill his way back to level zero, he would have to prepare to be ripped off from his body.

"Charge! The only Mythical weapon in the Destiny World, Coiling Dragon Li Water, is right under Weeping Soul Beast's feet!"

…

< EMPTY >