Chapter 650: Recovering From A Desperate Situation, Various Props Showing Off (2)

"Trying to escape now? It's too late!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the group of players who were being pushed around by his companions behind him. When he saw their greedy yet fearful expressions, the corners of his lips curled up into a sinister smile. Coupled with the mask on his face, he looked extremely sinister and ruthless, filled with an indescribable murderous aura.

“Strengthen the Five Element Thunder Symbol!”

Besides the spores exploding and playing, Qin Sheng had many props on him.

The Five-elemental Lightning Talismans were exchanged from Zhang Daoming. There were only five of them, and the exchange price was 10 crystal coins. Back then, he had specially exchanged them to obtain the hidden list (the hidden list of the Duality Dao Sword and the Nine Syllables of Truth) to show his wealth.

Unexpectedly.

This charm that he had thought would be very difficult to use would actually be of great help!

The Five Elements Thunder Talisman could be considered an advanced version of the Falling Thunder Talisman.

Still.

The Lightningfall Talisman's single body was even better.

After all, it was pure lightning that countered all demons and monsters.

As for the Five Elements Thunder Talisman…

Too mixed.

With five attributes, the power was dispersed.

‘ Of course.’

This might be because the Five-elemental Lightning Talisman Zhang Daoming had given him was only a low-level version. It didn't contain much of the five elements, and its fusion ability wasn't bad either. It had no advantages other than its wide range. Most importantly, its lethality was very limited.

Yet.

This was the most suitable moment.

Not lethal?

That was only for powerful Bosses. It was more than enough to deal with players!

And the wide range of characteristics would instead allow the Five Elements Thunder Talisman to unleash its maximum ability, giving Qin Sheng the greatest advantage!

Rumble…

It was different from the sound of explosions. It was the sound of thunder.

“What’s that?”

"So beautiful!"

"Gold, green, blue, red, yellow? Metal, wood, water, fire, earth?"

"Lightning? How did it appear?"

"Weeping Soul! It was created by Weeping Soul!"

"Help!"

"…"

In an instant.

The midsection of the boardwalk that had been aimed at began to panic.

The ones in that position were the priests and magi, the mainstays of Qin Luo's attack.

"Damn it!"

Mad Thunder's smiling face instantly darkened.

Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined that Qin Sheng would be able to make a comeback under such dire circumstances.

"Did this bastard take out the boss' lair? Why does he have all the good stuff!"

Young Master Thunder was incompetent and furious.

After having his skills sealed, he killed over 2,000 players from Thunder Guild with just a normal attack. On average, he killed seven or eight people. This was something he could endure.

After all.

Everyone in the entire Fate World knew that the only Mythical weapon, Coiling Dragon Li Water, was Weeping Soul's sword!

Mythical weapon.

He had to give them face!

It was acceptable to kill someone flat.

But.

What Mad Thunder could not accept was that even though he had already used the Human Wave Tactic and the suicidal tactic, exhausting Weeping Soul's stamina, he had already broken through the defensive line and was just waiting to encircle and nibble away at Weeping Soul until he was forced into the abyss.

From here.

He had achieved his goal.

So.

He almost opened a bottle of champagne to celebrate.

Unfortunately, there was none in the game world.

Still.

This did not hinder his joy and excitement.

Hence.

He started the live broadcast.

And now?

The harsh reality hit him hard in the head, knocking him dizzy and seeing stars.

"Boss, you're still live streaming!"

His trusted aide reminded him.

Even though live broadcasts were not broadcasted directly, the video recording would be released directly. Now, every word and action of Young Master Leiting would be seen by people from all over the world. For the sake of Lei family's reputation and Thunder Guild's prestige, they had to pay more attention.

Hearing this.

Young Master Leiting’s breathing became sluggish. The words that he was about to curse out were locked in his mouth, and his face turned purple.

…

Young Master Thunder was conflicted, furious, and thinking of countermeasures.

Qin Luo did not.

The advance troops were useless. There was no need to bother.

As for the first-string Shield Specialists behind him, he could ignore them for the time being. After all, they were meat shields and did not have any attack power. They could not do anything to him.

It was imperative.

The most important thing was to deal with the damage output and the healer.

Normally, there was no need to worry.

But now…

Qin Luo's backpack had been full of potions for more than half an hour after the consecutive battles. He must not let the mages continue attacking him.

A single Five Element Thunder Symbol wasn’t able to resolve everything, but it could also help alleviate the pressing situation.

"Why are you so happy? Why are you jumping up?"

Qin Sheng could not help but sneer as he looked at the thunderclouds formed by the powerful Five Elements Thunder Talismans and the numerous Thunder Guild players who were being tortured and "dancing" by the Five Elements Thunder.

"Are you a demon?"

Qin Luo's muttering was neither loud nor soft. At least, many players around him heard it. They turned their heads and looked at the empty boardwalk. They could not help but shiver.

Looking at the empty terrain, with their densely packed positions, a rough calculation showed that at least three to five hundred players had died on the spot.

He had killed so many people in a single strike, but this big shot before him didn't even blink. He was simply like a devil.

"This fellow seems to really be a demon!"

Except.

Looking at the bright red ID above his head, everyone felt relieved.

He had just killed tens of thousands of players with one sword and one sword. Now, he had only killed a few hundred players. What was that?

"It's time to attack!"

Ignoring the group of suicide squad members, Qin Luo walked forward step by step. At the same time, the spores in his hands exploded continuously.

Even if he did that, he would still step into the poison zone formed by the Spore Bomb. However, with his poison resistance and the poison resistant pills he had bought from the virtual platform in order to cross the Dry Forest area, coupled with his recovery speed and the support of the potions, he could definitely withstand it.

Besides.

Regardless of whether he could withstand it or not, he had to.

Or else.

It was a waste of his free time.

If they didn’t advance, if they didn’t break through, how could they possibly be the Thunder Union’s match with an endless stream of troops?

He would definitely die!

Only by charging forward would they be able to obtain victory by relying on the region of the sealing formation!

"Quick, stop him!"

Seeing that Qin Sheng had actually stepped onto the plankway, Young Master Leiting was almost scared out of his wits. He frantically roared and gave out orders loudly.

He was afraid.

He was terrified.

The Weeping Soul Beast, which had been sealed to such a state, was still extremely ferocious. Once it broke free and regained its ability, would it still be able to play?

He just surrendered.

"Hold on! Hold on! The suicide squad is gone. Shield Specialists, press forward. We must not let the Weeping Soul Beast leave the sealed area."

Without needing Young Master Thunder's instructions, the commander standing at the front line immediately gave the correct order. "All Shield Specialists, attack. We must suppress Weeping Soul. Defend with all your might. Do not attack. When our reinforcements arrive, we will win."

————

< EMPTY >