Chapter 659: Soul Sobbing Oath: The Endless Pursuit

"You really know how to talk!"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced at the middle-aged mage expressionlessly and said, "You guys should have seen my video too, right? Do you really think that I can't do without my equipment? You're too naive! If not for your help today and sealing my skills, do you think that a bunch of rotten fish like you can compete with me?"

His words caused the morale of the Thunder Guild players to collapse once again.

They naturally knew what Qin Sheng meant.

In the entire world of destiny, there was no one who didn’t know how terrifying the battle power was.

Or else.

Just based on those so-called rankings, it was impossible for Weeping Soul Beast to become the number one person in the world of destiny.

"Humph, don't try to scare us. Do you think that the Thunder Union is the only one targeting you? Weihun, your existence has already affected the interests of too many people. Today, you will die without a doubt. In the future, you can forget about making a comeback."

The middle-aged man said coldly.

Yet.

Not to mention Qin Luo, even the Thunder Guild's players could tell that he was merely pretending to be calm by forcefully suppressing his trembling.

"Is that so? Then let's wait and see!"

Qin Luo Sheng had no interest in bickering with these idiots. He coldly said one last sentence, "I can train now that my level is gone. I can take my equipment anytime I want. Your so-called lockdown is extremely laughable in my eyes. The resources I control are far beyond your imagination. Ban me? Endless pursuit of me? Hahaha…"

The Thunder Guild players:…

That's right!

Weeping Soul had always been extremely mysterious. The information he revealed was only those so-called rankings and the videos he released. That was all.

On the rankings, items, pet mounts, and so on could be seen but did not know the attributes. There was no way to assess them.

As for the videos, they were all edited. In other words, those were things that people wanted to show you, things that they didn't want you to see. You couldn't see them at all.

In terms of influence, no one had found out anything.

Yet.

Hidden Dragon Pavilion and Food Immortal were both businesses that could tear souls apart.

Normal players might not know, but those with some ability knew how terrifying these two gold mountains were and how much benefits they could bring!

Now.

Weeping Soul was indeed tricked and became a turtle in a jar, allowing them to do whatever they wanted.

Except.

A moment of success or failure, what hero?

If he failed, he could recover quickly with his strong foundation.

What about them?

Once he suffered a situation like Weeping Soul, there was nothing to say. He would never be able to recover from this setback, and he would be completely finished, becoming an ordinary person.

"Just you wait!"

Qin Luo Sheng grinned, his expression ruthless and crazed. "You bunch of trash, especially you, I'll remember this. The world of destiny is very beautiful. If it continues to develop, it's very likely that it will become the second spiritual homeland of mankind. Unfortunately, in this world, all of you have already lost all hope. From today onwards, I'll hunt all of you down endlessly. All of you, along with Young Master Thunderbolt and the entire Thunderclap Union, are destined to become the dust of history! No one will be able to protect them. I, Weeping Soul, said it!"

Everyone from the Thunder Guild, including the so-called hall master who had been clamoring, shivered at Qin Sheng's domineering words. A chill that had never been felt before instantly rose from their hearts and spread rapidly, filling every corner of their bodies in an extremely short period of time.

“Truly… shameless boasting!”

Seeing that everyone was about to be stunned by Qin Luo's words, the hall master braced himself and said, "Do you really think you're a god? You can't even handle us, and you still want to touch the Thunder Union? Do you know how strong the Thunder Union is? We have twelve divisions under our command, 100,000 core elites, and more than a million external forces. Do you think you alone can compete with the Thunder Union?"

"No matter how many ants there are, they are still ants. The alliance of a motley crew will not be able to be shown on the stage."

Qin Luo Sheng said disdainfully, "Facts speak louder than words. Prepare yourselves well. Your good days are numbered. Enjoy as much as you can. You won't have the chance in the future!"

"Bastard!"

Being stared at by Qin Luo with a meaningful look, the Magus Division Head was instantly enraged. Who was he looking down on?

"Go, kill this arrogant bastard!"

Even though he was afraid, he was already riding a tiger and couldn’t back down. In any case, he was already on Weeping Soul’s blacklist. If he didn’t listen to orders now and lost the protection of the Thunder Union, then he would truly suffer.

"I, it's me, I killed Weeping Soul Beast, hahaha… I got two million!"

Qin Sheng did not even last five seconds before he was overwhelmed by the crowd and died.

"F*ck, it's just a little off. The second-to-last attack is me, just a little bit faster than that bastard!"

"F*ck, what a lucky bastard!"

"Heh, Old Liu, your luck is pretty good. You've earned two million. Aren't you going to invite us for a round?"

"You idiots, why aren't you snatching the spoils of war? What are you doing?"

"No equipment! Disappointing!"

"As expected of Weeping Soul Beast. Even after dying more than ten times, it still hasn't exploded. It's really rich!"

"D * mn, what a bunch of animals! They clearly dropped a huge pile of loot, but it was gone in the blink of an eye!"

"That's right! That's right! I'm standing right at the front, risking my life, and my eyes and hands are quick. I only picked up a powerful Energy Recovery Talisman. Hmm, let me take a look. F*ck, I instantly recovered 80% health and mana. Awesome!"

"…"

He died again!

Qin Sheng walked out of the resurrection point with no expression on his face.

Him.

He was used to it.

Previously, he had been beaten to death by the hooded man more than ten times. Compared to the feeling of having an iron fist smashing into his flesh, now that he was attacked by this group of players, he was in no pain at all.

Die!

Die!

He would be able to drop to level 0 after 20 plus tries!

When the time came.

The forced teleportation was over.

Since the outcome was already decided, there was no point in struggling.

Revenge was a dish best served cold.

Does Mad Thunder think that by joining forces with the dragon race, he can plot against me once and be free of worries?

How naive!

The dragons were just looking for a scapegoat. They were looking for a so-called executioner to cover up their crimes. It was also for the Battle of the Terrifying Dragon Platform three days later.

After the final battle with Long Yuan, no matter what the outcome was, who would care about this idiot?

An abandoned stone!

"What's going on?"

Qin Sheng, who was calmly preparing to accept death once more, was stunned when he saw that the group of people had not chased after him at the first moment, but were instead frantically fighting over something.

Those…

Wasn't it his unique talisman?

Why?

Could it be…