Chapter 658: Players Wearing Pain Mask

"B * stards, what are you afraid of? So what if you're crying your soul out? Didn't you get beaten up by our Little Brother Smile? Why are you so arrogant?"

"That's right! Everyone, don't be afraid. Kill Weeping Souls. The president said that killing two million each time."

"Big Boss Xiaoxiao has already shown us how to kill Weeping Soul Beast. It's fine as long as we have hands. What are we afraid of?"

"Let's go, Big Boss Smile. We have to have some soup too! One kill costs two million, and one house will be enough!"

“Go away, let me do it. I don’t believe I can’t f*cking kill a Weeping Soul Beast that’s not even Level 30!”

"…"

Their subconscious fear only made the Thunder Guild players even more furious.

Originally, Thunderclap had promised a huge reward of two million yuan per kill. With such heavy injuries, even if Weeping Soul Beast was at its peak, there would definitely be warriors who would dare to attack.

Besides.

Killing Weeping Soul was not just about obtaining two million RMB, but also Weeping Soul's super powerful equipment.

He might not know anything else.

However, it was ranked first on the equipment rankings all year round and was currently the only known Mythical equipment. It was the peerless divine weapon [Coiling Dragon Water]. They had personally seen Weeping Soul Explosion before picking it up.

As long as they killed Weeping Soul, then this Divine Armament, which was enough to allow anyone to live a carefree and extravagant life for the rest of their lives, could become the personal possession of any one of them.

Who could resist such temptation?

If it was the Weeping Soul Beast at its peak, perhaps a group of greedy fellows would have to think twice before acting. However…

The hooded man, who had transformed into a faint smile, hammered the Weeping Soul Beast more than ten times. Not only did his level drop by more than ten levels, but all his equipment and items were also destroyed, and his combat power dropped drastically.

At this moment, Weeping Soul Beast was no longer the number one person in the unfathomable world of destiny. Instead, he was just a piece of trash that anyone could mess with.

As such,

The current Weeping Soul Beast was no different from a child carrying gold in a bustling city.

"No, that bastard Weeping Soul!"

Just as everyone slowly closed in and blocked Qin Luo's path, the crowd suddenly let out a cry of extreme pain.

"This guy Weeping Soul put the [Coiling Dragon Water] and many other treasures on the virtual trading platform."

Seeing that everyone was looking at him, the face of the player who cried out was distorted. He gritted his teeth and said angrily, "He has nothing on him now!"

What?

Everyone was shocked and quickly turned on the virtual trading platform.

Indeed.

On the front page of the platform, an extremely shiny trading post appeared.

One billion!

One billion!

One billion!

Other than the [Coiling Dragon Li Water], there were many other treasures. All of them were treasures that could make one drool with envy.

Unfortunately.

He couldn't afford it!

No one could afford it.

A billion yuan was a figure that people like them, who had a small fortune, would never be able to catch up to.

Not to mention them, even their boss, the president of the Leiting Union and the young master of the Lei Corporation—Young Master Leiting—couldn't afford it.

"This attribute, f*ck. If I had a divine weapon like [Coiling Dragon Li Water] and these items, I would be the f*cking number one person in the world of destiny!"

It was a famous treasure that he had seen on the rankings in the past. Now that it was on the trading platform, its natural attributes could not be concealed. After all, if one did not even look at the quality of the goods sold, who would f*cking know if the items sold were worth this price?

Thus…

This was the first time the group of people had witnessed the power of Weeping Souls' equipment.

At the same time.

He was even more jealous.

Such a treasure was originally theirs!

But now…

After being manipulated by that b * stard Weeping Soul, they were placed on the virtual trading platform. It was disgusting.

On the virtual trading platform, there was nothing left. Even if he killed the Weeping Soul Beast a hundred or a thousand times, he would never be able to obtain those treasures.

"Ah…"

Instantly.

Countless furious roars resounded through the sky.

Not anyone else.

It was the players who knew the truth and realized that they had missed the opportunity. They put on their masks of pain and regret.

"Weeping Soul, hand over the equipment!"

A middle-aged player who was holding a red gem staff and wearing a magic robe embroidered with Vermillion Bird Silk embroidered on it gnashed his teeth in anger. It was the Hall Leader who previously said that he was the second branch of the Thunder Guild.

"Right, hand it over!"

"Hand it over!"

"Hand it over!"

With the leader, the others also began to clamor.

"Is there something wrong with your brains?"

Qin Qin Sheng sneered.

What was this bunch of trash talking about!

Hand over the equipment?

What kind of retard would say something like that?

You want to f*cking kill me? Now that I finally caught a BUG and saved my last hope, you want me to hand over my equipment?

He he…

How shameless!

"Hand over the equipment, and we can reduce your torture!"

A group of people clamored, “Otherwise, we’ll do everything we can to humiliate you. You’re the number one person in the world of destiny, Weeping Soul. If you were to be stepped on and humiliated by small fries like us, I’m sure you wouldn’t be willing to engrave such bad memories in your life, right?”

“Really?”

Qin Qin Sheng remained unmoved as he squinted his eyes at the group of people before him. "You bunch of mobs, clowns?"

"Kill him!"

In the end, they were still elites of the Thunder Union, yet they were actually belittled like this. How could someone as proud as them endure this?

"Winner takes all. I only have myself to blame for being reduced to such a state. I have nothing to say!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged and said with a cold smile, "However, there's still a long way to go. I'll remember everyone's hospitality today in my heart. In the future, I'll definitely return it double. I only hope that when the time comes, everyone can give me face and let me 'repay' you!"

Instantly.

The group of people who were clamoring immediately quieted down.

There were even more.

He took a few steps back and hid himself behind his teammate, avoiding Qin Sheng's gaze. He wanted to avoid being targeted and punished later!

"Everyone, don't be afraid. Don't be frightened by this guy!"

At this moment, it was still the hall master of the Second Division who jumped out to appease the soldiers. He said loudly, "The guild leader has already made arrangements. Today, we will kill Weeping Soul Beast until it reaches Level 0 and then carry out an endless pursuit. Weeping Soul Beast will never be able to get up again."

"What's more, this guy's equipment is all gone. So what if he's a Weeping Soul Beast without his equipment? Right now, he can be chased and beaten by us. After that, he won't even have a level. What's there to be afraid of?"

With a leader to boost morale, the many Thunder Guild players who had the intention to retreat gathered once again.