Chapter 665: Blessing Of The Naga God

"Finally couldn't resist showing himself? Long Zhan!"

Qin Sheng, who was on the other side of the plankway, immediately noticed something. He squinted his eyes and looked at the black dragon soaring into the sky. He felt a little complicated in his heart, not knowing what to feel.

He was very clear why Long Zhan would attack at this moment!

Nothing else.

There was no way out.

With the existence of the Naga God, and this Naga God was not supposed to be an unconscious afterimage, but a doppelganger with consciousness and corporeal body summoned after the upgrade of the Starlight Blessing to the extreme.

Even though there was a huge gap between him and the Naga God, it was far beyond the state of unconscious afterimages!

No one knew exactly how strong Qin Sheng was.

However, looking at the max level 100 and the casual attack just now, it instantly wiped out at least 3,000 Thunder Guild elites in the first half of the plankway. Its power and range were comparable to a small-scale forbidden spell. From this, it could be seen how powerful it was.

God was still God.

He was really too strong!

"Oh, a dragon?"

Even a scumbag like Qin Luo Sheng could sense the vast dragon might. As someone who was not on good terms with the dragon race, he had been entangled with the Naga race from the ancient era until now. Moreover, he was the god of the Naga race. How could the Naga God be slower than him?

"Human, is this why you summoned me?"

The Naga God lowered her head and looked at Qin Sheng. Her expression was ever-changing, and no one knew what she was thinking.

"Forget it! Even if you are not a member of the Nagas, you have the Spiritual Bead aura that I bestowed upon you back then. Since you are able to obtain the legacy treasure of my tribe and summon me, you should have a good relationship with my tribe."

Just as Qin Luo was feeling uneasy, afraid that Naga God would suddenly attack, he did not fight with Long Zhan and exterminated him first. Suddenly, Naga God spoke again, "In order to deal with you, the dragon race even used such a sealing formation, sealing formation, bloodline restriction formation, and so on. Their methods are still so despicable. Perhaps you have something special about you!"

"It's a pity that even though we Naga Race have escaped the enslavement of the dragon race, we are still unable to fight against them who have deep foundations. The Naga Race has already declined. Today, I will help you block the enemies that come to invade and form a good cause with you. I hope that you will help me when you meet my descendants in the future to repay today's karma."

Qin Sheng:…

Indeed.

There is no such thing as an idiot’s lunch in the world.

Damn.

How should he play?

It was a little difficult to handle!

Should he answer or not?

If he accepted it, there would be karma. In the future, if he encountered any difficulties in the Naga Race, he would have to repay his debt and help them!

But.

He was the Dragon Lord of the Dragon Race and was deeply indebted to the Dragon God.

At this moment.

If he reached an agreement with the Naga God, wouldn't he be two-timing based on the feud between the two races?

If there was a conflict between the two races, should they stand on the other side?

However…

If he did not pick it up.

How could this predicament be resolved?

Not to mention Long Zhan and the others who had always wanted him to die thoroughly, even the Naga God in front of him might immediately rebel and directly stomp him to death!

After all.

Back then, he had looted the ancient altar of the Naga Race and snatched away the inheritance treasure of the Naga Race, the Water Vein Spirit Pearl. Even though he had placed it on the Virtual Exchange Platform, he had carried it with him for so long. It was normal for it to have a trace of aura. The Naga God was the first owner of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, so it was normal for him to be able to sense this trace of aura.

Not only that.

[Coiling Dragon Water] might be a treasure of the Naga Race.

The dragon race was arrogant. How could they be willing to be artifact spirits?

The dragon soul sealed in [Coiling Dragon Li Water] might have been sealed by the Naga Race, who did not like the Dragon Race, or even the Naga God himself.

This thing.

It also belonged to him.

Plus.

The queen who had annihilated the Naga Race back then might have been a descendant of the Naga God.

Your sister.

It was simply terrifying!

"Even though I am a man of few words, I know how to repay kindness with kindness."

Qin Luo Sheng's thoughts circulated. In just a second, he made up his mind. Taking a deep breath, he promised in a deep voice, "I owe you a favor for saving me today. If I have the chance in the future, I will do everything I can to help the Nagas. Even if I die a horrible death, I will be loyal!"

"Good!"

The Naga God nodded, and her initially fierce gaze became much friendlier. She waved her hand and caused the void to tremble. Under Qin Sheng's incredulous gaze, a pearl exuding pure water energy appeared in her hand.

"Take this treasure as proof of your friendship with the Nagas!"

An indescribable rhythm emanated from Naga God's body, and an extremely dense power of water seeped out from her body and into the pearl in her hand.

"Now, I shall officially bestow it upon you! As the emotional bond between you and the Nagas!"

The flawless white pearl that was as warm as jade landed on the ground. The vein-like white light was like a moon that was emitting light.

Ding… you have triggered a special hidden mission—Guardian of the Naga Race! '

Ding… You have received the blessing of the Naga God, + 50% water resistance, Water Element Affinity, and the favor of the Naga race! '

"Ding… You have obtained spirit treasure—[Water Vein Spirit Pearl]!"

Three consecutive system beeps were so loud that even the deaf could hear. Qin Luo was instantly stunned.

Everything else was fine!

However…

What was going on with the Spiritual Water Pearl?

If I didn't have cerebral palsy, this thing would have been placed on a virtual trading platform with a price tag of one billion.

Why?

Why was Naga God able to break through the restrictions with a casual move and step into the player platform that was not related to her, the NPC of the Fated World, and take out the Spiritual Water Pearl without his permission?

"I'll leave the Nagas to you in the future!"

Taking a deep look at Qin Luo, the fishtail of the Naga God on her back swung gently. The water element surged and formed a circle of pure white clouds. It carried her body away from the spot and headed towards the black dragon that was charging towards them in the sky.

"I will not let you down!"

Qin Luo was shocked by Naga's last meaningful glance. He was also shocked by the BUG skill under the talent of the Lord of the Stars—Blessing of Starlight. It was actually able to sublimate an Epic scroll to the extent that it could summon consciousness. No, it should be called the descent of the will of Naga God.

If it was said that he had been forced to agree earlier because of the circumstances, and that he was prepared to lend a helping hand even if he were to encounter Qin Luo in the future, Qin Sheng had seriously responded to the Naga God's expectations.

To put it in simpler terms, one's mouth is short while one's hands are weak!

How could they not do their best when they had given him such great benefits?

Originally, the Naga Race had completely fallen after the war between the gods and devils of ancient times. Other than their status, they were still one of the three supreme races in the water. Their strength and influence might not even be able to deserve such status and title.

How did he know?

They had all cowered in a place like the Beginner's Village. The queen of a race had actually been killed by a vegetable chicken that was at most level 10. One look at it and one would know how miserable the Naga Race was!

Under such circumstances, perhaps the Naga Race no longer cared about the Supreme Martial Artist Race. Instead, they cared more about how to survive and allow the Naga Race to continue.

Without the greatest threat, they would no longer compete with the other races for status. The biggest fundamental problem was no longer there. There should still be a chance of survival.