Chapter 667: Seeing Through! The Truth Exposed

"F*ck, isn't this too funny?"

When Qin Sheng regrouped and ran to the plankway once again, he was instantly dumbfounded when he sensed the terrifying fluctuations around him.

The aftermath of the battle had already spread to such an extent?

"He's going to die, isn't he?"

Qin Luo Sheng gulped down a mouthful of saliva with a slightly frightened expression.

"No, this can't continue!"

Qin Sheng raised his head and looked at the two big shots fighting in the sky. They looked as if they could destroy the world with just a wave of their hands. Frowning, he steeled his heart and stepped forward.

"Looks like the Naga God is being held back. As a member of the Black Dragon Race, this Long Zhan's physical body is extremely strong, and his defense is extremely high. He's equivalent to a player's shield warrior. Even if he's not the Naga God's match, he will definitely lose if he defends for a long time. However, the Naga God is only summoned after all. Furthermore, it's only a clone, so it shouldn't be able to do anything to Long Zhan in a short period of time. Once he's dragged into the vortex and used up all the summoning time, then it will be gone."

Qin Luo Sheng's mind was very clear.

He knew what he was relying on now.

The Naga God was indeed a helper, but it could not solve the root of the problem. The root of the problem was still him and that detestable sealing formation.

If he did not find a way to escape, everything would be in vain.

Indeed.

The appearance of the Naga God forced Long Zhan to show himself. At this point, his scheme went bankrupt. Even if he was defeated today, in the end, after the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform three days later, he would definitely lose.

Long Zhan this fellow was completely dragging him down to perish together!

Maybe.

Long Zhan's unexpected interference caused the sacred Terrifying Dragon Platform to suffer a black mark, causing the dragon race's reputation to plummet. The consequences were simply unimaginable. But so what? What did this have to do with him?

Even if Long Zhan was skinned, had his tendons pulled out, died without a burial site, and was even implicated, his nine clans were executed, and his end was extremely miserable. This was also everything he, Qin Luo Sheng, had lost after the battle, everything he had suffered, everything he had lost because of the defeat of the decisive battle, and would never be able to return.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The strong wind brushed against his face like the gentle touch of a lover's hand.

Yet.

This extreme gentleness hid this fatal killing intent.

In less than a second.

In less than a second, Qin Sheng had unknowingly stepped out of the plankway and was instantly torn into pieces by the aftermath of the battle.

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo Sheng walked out of the resurrection point with a dark expression once again. He raised his head once more to watch the two big shots fighting in the sky. His mind was completely blown.

How the f*ck was this supposed to be played?

If he couldn't even take a single step out of the plankway, how could he possibly run past the 30-meter chasm and enter the region that the sealing array formation couldn't cover?

"Long Zhan, you bastard!"

Qin Luo Sheng could tell that the reason why the aftershocks of this battle were so terrifying was firstly because the two big shots themselves had that strength. If they were to fight without restraint, they would indeed be able to affect such a great distance. Secondly, that bastard Long Zhan intentionally allowed the aftershocks of the battle to spread out in the greatest way so as to stop him from escaping.

This fellow.

He had completely given up on himself!

From the moment he revealed his true body, he was already destined to be a dead dragon. Even if today’s events were as he wished, he would still have to pay with his life in the future.

Since they were both going to die, they would definitely drag him down with them.

Otherwise…

Wouldn't he have died for nothing?

"Let's wait and see. If we go out now, we will only be throwing our lives away. There's no point!"

Qin Luo knew that he would not be able to take any action under the deliberate targeting. He could only wait, wait for the moment the battle ended, and wait for the moment when there might be a turning point.

She raised her head slightly and looked at him calmly.

Looking at the other end of the plankway, Qin Sheng felt slightly relieved.

"Fortunately, there's another piece of good news!"

He was unable to advance in the aftermath of the battle, so naturally, the members of the Thunder Union were the same.

Now.

The entire plankway had been completely cleared out. The thousands of people who had just stayed on it were all GGed and destroyed by the aftermath of the battle between the two big shots. At this moment, the resurrection point that they were setting up at the last minute was packed densely. They looked at the battle between the Naga and the True Dragon in the sky with dull eyes. They were all dumbfounded and—reveling!

It was a battle between two Level 100 Bosses, and one of them was a six-armed monster that looked like a mermaid, while the other was a legendary True Dragon. Wasn't this f*cking exciting?

Thus…

Countless videos were sent to various platforms by the people present.

"What the f*ck? What the hell is this? Where did this blockbuster come from? When is it going to be released? I'll buy all the tickets!"

"Level 100? What the f*ck? Is the mainframe causing trouble? How can they let someone play a boss like this?"

"F*ck, I was wondering why those bastards from the Thunder Guild were so arrogant. They actually dared to plot against Weeping Soul. So they had helpers, and they were f*cking NPC experts!"

"Tsk tsk, the Thunder Union is awesome! Not only did they find a Dragon Tribe powerful being as a helper, but they also found an array formation scroll that can seal skills. What kind of mission did Mad Thunder complete to have such help?"

"That black dragon is a hooded man? Does that mean that the dozen hooded men standing there are also dragons? That so-called 'smile' just now was a dragon in disguise?"

"Tsk! I knew it. What kind of person is Weeping Soul? How could he be beaten by a player of unknown origin? And in a purely physical way, he was beaten up with his fists. So he's a dragon. That's fine."

"Something's not right! Didn't Weeping Soul Beast send a video previously? It seems to be the Dragon Clan's habitat—Dragon Island, and Dragon City. I think his relationship with the Dragon Clan should be quite good. Why would the Dragon Clan target him?"

"…"

Once the video was released, the entire world blew up again.

Most people were watching the horrifying battle between the two Bosses with great interest.

This was a battle between top level LV100 big shots, and one of them was a legendary dragon. How could it not attract attention?

Some of the players had different perspectives.

The video clearly captured the image of the black dragon lifting its hood and transforming back into its true form as it soared into the sky. With this connection, it naturally saw through everything.

The hooded man was a dragon!

He smiled slightly. It was the dragon race!

The helpers and confidence of the Thunder Union were also dragons!

This time.

It was confirmed!

…

"Naga God, give up. Your clone can't do anything to me!"

Long Zhan spoke in human language, his voice like a loud bell. "You want to protect that brat? Impossible. Today, he will definitely die. Even if the emperor himself comes, I can't save him. I, Long Zhan said it."

“Really?”

Naga God's expression was gloomy, and his whole body emitted a vigorous and sharp aura.

As a god, she was held back by a mere junior black dragon of the dragon race. Now, he still didn't put her in his eyes. He was simply slapping her face.

"Water Spirit!"

Naga God opened her six arms. The water element surged and condensed into a water ball about five meters in diameter in front of her chest.

"Little loach, take this move of mine and then talk big with me!"