Chapter 661: Who Was It? It Awakened Me!

"It's time for my counterattack!"

Qin Luo put on the familiar Shadow Ghost Boots once more and shifted his body. With the support of his powerful speed, he quickly passed through the area that was vacant due to a large number of deaths and arrived at the front line.

Charms flew everywhere!

Explode!

Fire, lightning, fire, medicine…

One prop after another was thrown out from Qin Sheng's hands.

Apart from these props that originally belonged to him, there were also other props that he had seized from the players of the Thunder Guild. Regardless of whether they were purchased from NPCs or from missions, even though they were much weaker, under the sublimation of the Starlight Miracle, they became quite powerful, making up for his lack of firepower.

Sweep!

Sweep!

It was an extreme sweep!

With the opening of powerful props, the Thunder Guild players, who had already taken over the important areas, retreated again. Just as the plankway was about to fall, Qin Luo Sheng regained control.

At this moment.

An elite troop had arrived!

"Ah… the vice president is here!"

“There’s also the hallmaster of the first division and his elite expedition team!”

"The Third Division, Fourth Division, Fifth Division, and Eighth Division are all here!"

"Hahaha… the elites of my Thunder Guild have all come out. Weeping Soul Beast is going to die."

"D * mn, we should have done this long ago. How can Weeping Soul Beast be an ordinary person? We are just here to deliver food to him. If we had sent out the elite team earlier, this war would have ended long ago!"

"Alright, stop talking. We are cannon fodder to begin with, our only use is to exhaust Weeping Soul's stamina. Now that the main force is harvesting, it is normal."

"That's right. Even though we are cannon fodder, we have also gained quite a bit. Believe it or not, after this battle, there will be at least a few hundred or even a thousand millionaires in our group. Tsk tsk, Weeping Soul's popularity is really amazing. We can earn a lot just by posting a small video!"

"We have so many people surrounding a Weeping Soul Beast, and we even suffered heavy losses. This battle has simply slapped our Thunder Guild's face swollen. In order to wash away our humiliation, we must send out our elite team to clean up the mess and display our strength. Otherwise, others will think that our Thunder Guild is just a small fry!"

"…"

The plankway was opened up to a path. A group of shining players appeared in front of the battlefield.

Even though their energy had been sealed and they could not use their skills, they could not detect their attributes.

Still.

These guys were here to show off and end the battle. They were here to promote Thunder Guild's reputation. Naturally, they were all valiant and spirited. Their IDs were all revealed.

Similar to Young Master Leiting, the word "Leiting" was used as a prefix. It was definitely the core of the Leiting Group and Leiting Union, the elites among the elites.

Even without exchanging blows, Qin Sheng could sense an aura from their bodies. It was an aura that was completely different from the group of miscellaneous fishes he had faced previously. This was not about level or equipment, but a force born from his own abilities.

Simply put.

These fellows were experts who had experienced hundreds of battles. They were not ‘experts’ who relied solely on their levels and equipment!

His combat ability was extremely strong!

His combat skills were extremely high!

"Weeping Soul, you killed so many of my Thunder Guild's brothers. Today, I will definitely grind your bones and scatter your ashes. I will kill you until you reach level zero and you will never be able to turn the tables!"

The vulture youth walking at the front, the one the surrounding members of the Thunder Guild called the vice president, held a purple longsword (Epic) that was surrounded by silver light (Enhanced + 8). He shouted with an imposing manner, powerful and resonating, drawing cheers from all around.

"Tsk, he really knows how to distort the truth!"

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "Those who don't know might think that I'm the villain while you're the righteous one!"

Instantly.

There was silence.

Many people lowered their heads in shame.

That's right!

Weeping Souls were not villains, they were!

Initially, it was only Weeping Soul Beast and their guild leader who had a conflict with Luo He in the beginner village. However, their guild leader held a grudge against them until now. He mobilized such a large amount of manpower and resources, mobilizing tens of thousands of people and spending more than a billion just to kill a player.

How absurd was that?

But.

This person was the legendary Weeping Soul Beast?

The number one person in the world of destiny that most people in the current world agree on?

Oh.

Then it's fine!

In the game world, strength was the king.

There were no laws here, no restrictions, and even no rules. They could do whatever they wanted and kill a player without any guilt.

Yet.

What if the person being surrounded was Weeping Soul?

Many players still could not get over that hurdle!

Why?

Although Weeping Souls was low-profile and aloof, he rarely appeared in front of players. However, he was very high-profile. He appeared on all kinds of television shows, making countless people gnash their teeth in hatred. This was especially so for the first Boss that killed Bronze, Silver, Gold, Epic, and Legendary Bosses. All of them were taken by him alone. Also, the equipment rankings swept the world. The terror of one person occupying half of the world, as well as the only Legendary pet and Legendary mount in the world of destiny, were all his.

This was f*cking mind-blowing!

We are all players, why are you being so showy?

Not only did he eat meat, he didn't even leave any soup for us?

F*ck!

What a dumbass!

However…

Available

Due to the presence of Weeping Souls, Huaxia was the center of attention. Especially on the forum, when they saw the sour tone of the foreigner, they felt extremely comfortable.

Weeping Soul had made China famous in the world. It had also brought along the honor points of the warzone. All the players in the warzone had benefited from it. They had gained a certain amount of experience points and obtained BUFFs. It had increased the money drop rate and equipment drop rate BUFFs, Huize China.

They were the same.

But now?

They were actually attacking the Chinese heroes?

Besides.

It was not for anything special. It was just a personal grudge between their president and nothing more!

Many players were very resistant, but they could not reject the guild leader's orders. In addition, they were motivated by benefits. Hence, they walked onto the battlefield and aimed their weapons at Weeping Souls, the pride of China!

"Words are useless, Weeping Soul, die!"

Sensing the low spirits around him, the young vulture was no fool and naturally understood the reason. He knew that he could not allow the man before him to continue speaking. Otherwise, many members of his guild might be instigated to defect. He immediately pointed his sword horizontally and launched a violent charge, attempting to use physical methods to make Qin Sheng shut his mouth forever.

"Since even you have been dispatched, it seems that this war is about to come to an end."

Qin Sheng remained calm and collected in the face of the numerous Thunder Guild experts' attacks. He did not show the slightest hint of panic. Under the puzzled gazes of everyone, he took out a scroll, unfolded it, and tore it apart.

The next moment.

A terrifying might descended from the sky and crushed down.

In an instant.

The sky was dark, and dark clouds covered the sky. The wind was strong, and the elements were agitated.

"Who is it? Who awakened me!"

——————

PS: Thank you for your support, big brother!