Chapter 664: Resolute, Long Zhan Taking The Initiative

Sizzle…

In an instant.

A strange sound was accompanied by the extremely miserable wail of the Thunder Iron Wall.

"What the hell is this?"

Qin Luo shuddered violently when he looked over.

He saw…

After the Thunder Iron Wall was splashed by the strange water, it was as if his entire body had been splashed with strong sulfuric acid. His body instantly emitted white smoke, and the body armor on his body was the first to be corroded. Then, his flesh, blood vessels, meridians, bones, and finally his internal organs.

In just two or three seconds.

A fully armed Shield Warrior, a living person, was melted right in front of everyone's eyes. Furthermore, it was melting step by step, causing people to wake up and feel the indescribable pain as they watched themselves completely melt.

What kind of demon was this?

Such a cruel fellow.

Could this be a god?

Scared! Scared!

Everyone was afraid.

He was frightened by the six-armed monster.

A fully armed first-string Guardian was killed just like that?

Moreover, he was killed in such a miserable manner, dying in extreme pain without even leaving behind a corpse!

"How dare you offend the dignity of a god. A bunch of ants should be killed!"

Naga God's indifferent words made a group of Thunder Guild players tremble uncontrollably.

"Die!"

The water of the river came from the sky.

As the divine power surged from the Naga God's body, an endless amount of water element suddenly went berserk. Like the Milky Way, it descended from the sky with specks of silver light. It was magnificent and mesmerizing.

Yet.

Hidden within this extreme beauty was a terrifying killing intent.

"Run!"

"Help!"

"Get lost, don't block me!"

"Boohoo… I don't want it. I don't want to become like Thunder Iron Wall!"

"Retreat, retreat, bastard!"

"…"

The players from the Thunder Guild felt as if the sky was falling and the endless silver water was like mercury, just like the one that killed the Thunder Iron Wall in an instant.

Dead.

It was not scary.

Especially in the game world.

At most, they would just drop a few pieces of equipment.

What's there to be afraid of?

But.

If death was like the Thunder Wall, who wouldn't be afraid?

This was especially true for those girls. They were born to love beauty and were afraid of pain. In the extreme pain of the Thunder Wall, the ugly appearance of being corroded bit by bit was enough to make them completely collapse.

So—

The riot had begun!

Before Naga God's attack landed, the Thunder Guild players below started to push, step, and create chaos.

Unfortunately.

They could not escape.

In order to set up defenses and block Weeping Souls' path so that he wouldn't have a chance to escape, Mad Thunder had squeezed the entire plankway densely and blocked the path with the players' physical bodies. This was so that even if he was too savage, his subordinates wouldn't be able to stop him and could use their physical bodies to block him.

True.

This move was indeed excellent, causing Qin Luo to be extremely furious.

It was precisely because of this situation that Qin Luo Sheng had used so many props to open up a path, but he was still held back and unable to move.

However…

Everything had two sides. Everything had its pros and cons.

A godly defense had become a restriction on himself!

Maybe.

Not just Mad Thunder, even the true mastermind, a group of dragons led by Long Zhan, also did not expect that such a thing would happen, right?

Because.

This kind of setup could only be broken with one move, and that was a large area-of-effect killing ability. For example, a forbidden spell!

Yet.

Due to the existence of the sealing formation, no energy could be utilized while one was within it. Even they who were part of the Dragon Clan's arrangements were the same. How could a puny human break through the restrictions?

Except.

Never would he have thought that Qin Sheng was indeed as they had expected. He did not have the qualifications or ability to break through the restrictions of the array formation. However, just because he could not, it did not mean that others could not.

Sealing formations could indeed seal energy!

There was nothing wrong with it.

Still.

Who was the Naga God?

That was a god!

No matter what grade of god she was, no matter how weak she was among the gods, he was still a god.

What she used was divine force!

How could a lowly sealing formation seal a god? How could it seal divine power?

So.

The setup collapsed.

"Ah…"

"Ah…"

"Help!"

"Someone, save me!"

"President, save me! I don't want to die!"

"…"

In the face of a natural disaster like the ‘Milky Way Descends the Nine Heavens’, no one could remain unmoved by this tsunami-like collapse. Especially those who were in its territory, they lost all courage and shed tears.

"Quick, save my men!"

Young Master Thunder's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at the group of insects frantically struggling to survive under the natural disaster. They didn't even hesitate to kill each other in order to escape from their original spot as soon as possible. His eyes were bloodshot as he tugged at a hooded man beside him and roared hoarsely, "Attack, quickly attack!"

The hooded men remained silent.

As dragons, they were no different from gods in the eyes of other races.

Even if their strength wasn’t enough, they still couldn’t fight against deities like the clan’s experts, or even… slaughter deities.

Still.

They weren't just any Tom, Dick, or Harry. At the very least, this was just a Demigod Naga God. They could fight him, especially since he was just a sentient clone. They could totally destroy him.

"It's too late!"

Long Zhan's tone was low and deep.

Dragons were a race that was affiliated with water.

When he was still the overlord of the world, the Dragon race ruled over the Water race and was known as the Myriad Water Supreme.

At that time, the Mermaid Clan and the Naga Clan were only vassals of the Dragon Clan.

Except.

Later on, the dragon race declined and lost their position as the overlord of the world. Due to many reasons, the strength of the race declined greatly. The vassals who had been well-behaved in the past began to have strange thoughts. It was still alright for them to leave, but some even suffered a backlash.

It was the same for the four seas as their headquarters.

Apart from the loyal Turtle Tribe, the Shrimp Tribe and the Crab Tribe had always followed him. The other large tribes, such as the Whale Tribe and the Shark Tribe, had split up on their own. Some were still loyal to the Dragon Tribe, while the rest were absorbed by the traitorous Mermaid Tribe and the Nagas Tribe.

From then on.

The Dragon race, the Mermaid race, and the Naga race became the three supreme races in the water.

"Everyone, I'm going up!"

Long Zhanshen took a deep breath as he watched the scene before him turn into a living hell. Countless defensive chess pieces were instantly corroded to death by the Naga God’s water.

"This…"

The hoodlums were shocked and wanted to stop him.

“There’s no need to say anything. I’ve already made up my mind.”

Long Zhan directly interrupted their words and said, "I know that if we head there this time, we will definitely be consigned to eternal damnation. But the defensive line at the front has already been broken. That brat can already pass through the already unmanned defensive line like entering an uninhabited land, easily leaving the sealed region. Once he escapes, we will still be consigned to eternal damnation."

The hooded men fell silent.

"The dignity of the dragon race cannot be trampled!"

Long Zhan said sonorously and powerfully, "No one can dream of lording over my dragon race. In the ancient times, our dragon race lost our position as the overlord of heaven and earth, and even our former servants dared to bare their fangs at us. Mermaid race, Naga race, water sovereign? Heh ~ Who admitted it? The ones who rule over the Ten Thousand Water race will always be my dragon race. Today, not only is it for the sake of our plan being successfully implemented, I, Long Zhan, will also declare war on the Naga God, exterminating his clones and proclaiming my dragon race's prestige!"

The hooded men lowered their heads and bowed slightly to show their respect. They shouted loudly, "May the Lord have a prosperous life!"

"Everyone, look at me, Long Zhan. Today, with my insignificant body, I will reconstruct the supreme glory of the dragon race and raise the prestige of my dragon race. I will let my dragon race's name once again resound throughout the universe and shake the world!"

Long Zhan waved his hand and tore off the hood covering his body. Laughing loudly, he took a big step forward courageously.

Instantly.

A fifty-meter long black dragon soared into the sky. Its vast dragon might shook the heavens and earth.

"Roar!"