Chapter 663: The Iron Wall Of Thunder

Was there still a chance?

Was that really the case?

A group of dragons expressed their doubts!

In fact.

They knew better than anyone else that they had lost this extremely well-prepared attack!

That's right.

This god wasn't strong, and he wasn't expected to be summoned for a long time.

But.

It was enough for that brat to break through the defense line of a group of ants and safely escort him out of the sealing array formation.

Once he escaped, everything that he had done earlier would be in vain.

‘ No.’

It was not a waste.

He had killed the little ghost at least a dozen times and his equipment had exploded. It was impossible for him to win against the Dragon Abyss Art, not even with a ten percent chance of winning.

His goal had been achieved.

Not only did he preserve the Dragon King of the Black Dragon Clan, but he also did not tarnish the reputation of the Dragon Clan. He also prevented the proud and arrogant Black Dragon Clan from being reduced to the miserable state of joining the subordinates of a human and being ordered around by them.

However…

But they fell.

Next.

The dragons were about to turn the world upside down, and even the world of destiny was about to experience a great earthquake.

Disrespectful to the Dragon God!

Assassinate the Dragon Lord!

…

They were all felons!

An unforgivable crime!

"What should we do?"

A dragon asked bitterly.

Except.

No one answered. Long Zhan who had always been the backbone also did not.

What could he say?

If they were left alone, how could the ants here withstand the attacks of the gods?

Even if he was only a lower god, just an illusion or incarnation.

As such,

That brat would be able to escape, and they would all be doomed. Even the mastermind would be dragged into the sky.

However…

If he did, it would be impossible to deal with the incarnation of a god while hiding his identity. Once he used his origin power or revealed his body, he would be exposing himself.

Instantly.

Long Zhan and the group of dragons completely fell into a dilemma.

It was neither right nor wrong to care.

It was too difficult!

…

"Naga God, descend!"

A beam of watery light appeared, accompanied by a Naga that was dozens of meters tall. Its upper body was a human body, its lower body was a fish tail, and it had six arms.

"Is this the Naga God?"

Qin Luo's skill had been sealed and he could not use the detection technique. He could not see how terrifying the Naga God he had summoned was. What attributes and abilities did it have? However, even if he could not see, he could feel it!

This was the aura of a god, it couldn't be wrong.

Qin Luo Sheng had once felt it from the goddess of ice and snow, and also from the flower goddess.

Except.

Compared to Naga God, their aura was too weak.

Perhaps it was because his divine power was too exhausted, or perhaps it was because he wasn't a battle god.

Anyway.

The Naga God was very powerful.

Qin Luo Sheng had encountered someone who was ranked second!

Who was first?

It was naturally the Dragon God!

When he was in the Dragon God Temple, watching the Dragon God Catalog, he was pulled into the last stage of the trial by the remnant consciousness of the Dragon God, and he saw with his own eyes the exceptional style of the Dragon God traveling the universe, using the galaxy as a basin and the planet as a marble.

Even if it was not the original body, it was just a projection that had been recorded for who knew how many years. The charm of the projection had faded countless times, and that indescribable might was far from what the Naga God could compare to. It was not even worthy of being mentioned in the same breath.

As if.

The difference between a Creation God and a mixed god!

Heaven and earth!

Clouds and mud!

Mountains and gravel!

A towering tree and three-inch grass!

There was no comparison at all!

Still.

It was enough.

The Naga God was enough.

Using God as an opponent could be considered to have given the Thunder Guild's bunch of idiots face, right?

"Come, tell me, how are you going to kill me, how are you going to grind my bones and scatter my ashes, how are you going to kill your way back to level zero!"

Qin Luo Sheng crossed his arms before his chest and looked calmly at the young vulture who was still bragging earlier but now had a dazed and frightened expression on his face. He was the so-called vice president of the Thunder Union.

"I…"

Young Master Thunder opened his mouth, but no words came out. He looked at the six-armed monster that was dozens of meters tall and covered the sky. His throat felt dry and his mind went blank.

"How exciting! Is my crisis over now?"

Even Qin Luo, the "initiator", was shocked.

He did not expect it to be so explosive.

Initially, he was filled with grief and indignation and decided to go all out. He did not expect the forbidden spell scroll to be so powerful. No, it should be said that the Starlight Blessing was such a BUG. After the Epic-level forbidden spell scroll was upgraded to its maximum, the Naga God summoned was so terrifying.

What was the current Naga God?

A myth?

Or was it above the myths?

Qin Qin Sheng did not understand.

But that did not stop him from being happy.

The greater the help, the greater his chances of survival.

Originally, he only wanted to use this scroll to trick the Thunder Union and collect some interest. He wanted to let them know what kind of price they would have to pay if they angered him!

Yet.

Unexpectedly.

This was not only collecting the interest of the Thunder Union, but also the interest of the dragons who had ambushed him.

Although he did not know how strong the Naga God was now, Qin Sheng was not blind. He could see a row of big words above the Naga God's head: LV100: Naga God!

That's right.

The person in front of him was the Naga God that he had killed under the Luo River in the novice village and the Naga Ancestral Land in the Naga Altar. He was a max level 100 boss.

"Who are you? If you're not a Naga, why can you summon me?"

The Naga God lowered her head and looked at Qin Luo.

As a summoned creature, Naga God knew who summoned him.

"I…"

Qin Luo was rendered speechless.

What the f*ck?

There was nothing to say.

Could it be that I killed your descendant, the Empress of the Naga Race, and obtained the secret treasure that belonged to your Naga Race, the scroll with your blood and power, and thus summoned you at this moment?

Damn it!

If that was the case, the big shot in front of him might not be helping him, but the Thunder Union!

"Kill, kill the BOSS and drop equipment!"

Just as Qin Luo's scalp was tingling, a thunderous roar saved him from the brink of death.

"Good, good brother, true warrior, I'll give you a f*cking thumbs up!"

Raising his head, Qin Sheng was pleasantly surprised to see the Thunder Union Shield Warrior who had raised his shield and pounced over like a mad dog, charging straight at Naga God. He instantly felt deep veneration for him.

Good brother.

Thunder Iron Wall, right?

I'll fucking remember you!

He would definitely repay this favor in the future.

In the future.

I will definitely kill you less than twice!

"Ant, are you trying to challenge the dignity of God?"

Indeed.

The Naga God's attention was instantly attracted by the Thunder Wall. She opened her mouth and spoke in a majestic voice.

At the same time.

With a gentle wave of his right hand, a snake-shaped stream of water shot out from the bottommost part of his right hand. In the blink of an eye, it enveloped the shield-wielding lightning iron wall and drenched his entire body.

Sizzle…

——————

Author’s Note: Author’s Note: Author’s Note: Author’s Note: Author’s Note: I want to thank you for becoming the first grandmaster in this book. Thank you!!!