Chapter 668: Long Qing Defeated

"Ah…"

A second ago, Long Zhan, who was still smug and had a towering aura, instantly fell from heaven to hell. Under the lockdown of Naga God's aura, he was forcefully hit head-on by Naga God's Water Parting Sphere, drenching his head and face.

In an instant.

Long Zhan let out an incomparably mournful roar.

Li Water was one of the world's top ten special waters. It was the most corrosive.

Qin Luo Sheng's [Coiling Dragon Water] was also obtained from the Naga Race (dropped by the Naga Empress). Later on, he awakened the skill [Water Essence], which had corroded a true dragon in the Dragon God Hall and killed it.

Even though Long Zhan's body was exceptional, his defense was thick, and his dragon scales were even more indestructible, the one controlling Li Shui was not the dabbler Qin Sheng, but the Naga God who could truly control Li Shui.

Corrosion.

Extreme corrosion.

Long Zhan's body was corroded by the Li Water at a speed visible to the naked eye. Regardless of whether it was sharp dragon horns or thick dragon scales, they could not withstand it at all. No matter how he tumbled in the air non-stop, shifting continuously, using all means, he could not escape the Li Water that was attached to his body. At every moment, he was suffering intense corrosion. Not only was he in unbearable pain, his life was also rapidly declining.

"I'll kill you!"

Long Zhan struggled for a long time and found that he could not break free at all. Finally, he understood the current situation. Hence, with half of his dragon horn broken and one of his dragon eyes blind, his whole body was full of potholes, and his disfigured hideous face, he charged towards the Naga God. It seemed like he wanted to die together with him.

"Ant-like!"

Facing the suicidal impact of Long Zhan's despair, there was no joy or sorrow on Naga God's face. She did not show any signs of panic. She stretched out her hand and gently pinched the void.

In an instant.

Long Zhan’s charging body suddenly stopped, his expression changing and distorting. His remaining eye bulged out, his eyes filled with blood vessels and a trace of silver like mercury.

"Pfft…"

He spat out a mouthful of dragon blood along with pieces of his internal organs.

"How… how?"

Long Zhan lowered his head and looked at the blood he spat out. Red mixed with silver. That piece of internal organs was also a slightly black color after being corroded. While enduring the intense pain and continuing to cough out blood, he let out an incomparably mournful dragon roar.

"Frog in the well, do you really think I can't do anything to you just because I'm a clone?"

The Naga God was high up in the air. A halo circulated around his body, and his six arms appeared divine. In his pupils, it was as if the universe was being born and destroyed. Stars were falling, and the blue sea was turning into mulberry fields. The aura of a god spread out in all directions. The majesty of a god shook the universe.

"I… don't believe it!"

Long Zhan roared. At the same time he spat out a large mouthful of blood, he also spat out a bead emitting vein-like light from his mouth.

"This is?"

Qin Sheng's eyes widened abruptly.

As the first player to communicate with the Dragon Race, he had also become the Dragon Lord due to a freak combination of factors. Furthermore, he had awakened the Dragon Race's bloodline for a small reason. Coupled with the sublimation of the Dragon God's blood, he naturally knew some basic information.

At this moment.

He could tell at a glance what Long Zhan spat out!

Dragon Ball.

The essence of the dragon race.

It was similar to Daoist Golden Cores, Buddhist relics, Fey cores…

When the Dragon Pearl was revealed, it was obvious that they were playing with their lives. Either one of them would die or the other would die.

Once the dragon pearl was destroyed, then even if Long Zhan did not die on the spot, it would also be a day where he would never have a comeback, completely becoming a crippled dragon.

"Shatter!"

Seeing Long Zhan carrying the Dragon Pearl and transforming into a black galaxy rushing over, the Naga God let out a clear and loud shout. It was as if she was holding a heavenly constitution in her mouth, and her words were followed by the law. A stream of water instantly formed an ice arrow in front of her and went to meet the enemy head on.

In less than a second.

The three-meter-long ice arrow collided with the black Milky Way current hundreds of meters away.

"…"

There was no earth-shattering boom, nor was there a heaven-shaking and earth-shattering explosion. There was only that wisp of extremely dazzling white light, just like the Dayi Shooting Sun from the ancient era. The "breaking" momentum was full, easily piercing through Long Zhan's body.

Crack!

Dragon Pearl!

It shattered!

Long Zhan, whose entire body was corroded by the Li Water, seemed to have been immobilized. His body lay across the air, motionless.

His single eye was blurry as he looked at the dragon ball in front of him. It was his own dragon ball. At this moment, it was filled with cracks and was on the verge of shattering.

"Ang…"

Long Zhan looked up to the sky and let out a sorrowful dragon roar. He was no longer as ambitious as before, wanting to kill the might of a god.

Swish…

Long Zhan fell. At the moment when the dragon pearl shattered, his tragic ending was already destined.

Having lost the origin of the Dragon Pearl, his body, which was dozens of meters long, suddenly fell from the sky. He flew across the plank road and fell into the mountain stream of the Flying Bear Mountain.

"Do not forget your promise!"

The great enemy had been eliminated, and the Naga God, who had exhausted many means, was no longer able to maintain her avatar. She glanced at Qin Sheng indifferently, and her body turned illusory as she slowly disappeared from this world. She only left behind a sentence that was barely noticeable, like a whisper. "Good luck!"

Qin Luo, who was feeling slightly emotional and dazed, was suddenly startled and sobered up.

"Pa…"

She slapped herself hard. “What the fuck am I doing?”

The pain on his cheek caused Qin Luo's consciousness to return. Instantly, he retreated and ran forward.

The battle between the two big shots had ended.

The aftermath of the battle vanished.

If he didn't run now, when would he?

Long Zhan, this great threat, was gone. But the enemy who invaded was far from just him alone, Long Zhan. Over there, there were still more than a dozen hooded men. All of them were dragons who hated him to the bone. The matter was not over yet.

"Quick, charge, stop Weeping Soul!"

The people on Mad Thunder's side also woke up very quickly. They almost lost their souls on the spot when they saw Qin Luo running as fast as lightning towards the plankway that no one was stopping at the moment.

"Brother Long Zhan is willing to die for his own good, how can we be afraid of death?"

A hooded person stepped forward. It was the dragon who had just used the Heavenly Deceit Talisman and transformed into "Smile" to beat Qin Sheng to death more than ten times. He took a step forward, his grief and indignation mixed with rage as he prepared to intercept.

"Long Qing, no, no…"

The other hooded men subconsciously stopped him.

They clearly knew what they would face once they left.

Maybe.

The little ghosts on the other side could not replicate it. They once again summoned an existence similar to the Naga God to assist them. However, once their identities were exposed, they would not be able to escape death in the end. They were destined to be settled, and their outcome was not much better than Long Zhan's.

“If I don’t go and that brat escapes and today’s matter is exposed, we are destined to die!”

Long Qing said in a deep voice, “You might as well sacrifice me. Perhaps, I can still protect you guys.”

The hooded men fell silent.

"There's no need to be so pessimistic. Even though I don't have the Heavenly Deceit Talisman anymore, I still have a Chaos Talisman on me that can mix with food and hearing. Maybe I can hide my identity!"

Long Qing said, "If I'm seen through, then please take care of my family! I'll go!"