Chapter 669: Breakthrough! Explosion Of Little Bloodline

[Spiritual Water Pearl]

Type: Spiritual Treasure

Grade:???

Requirement: None

Kidnapped: Weeping Soul!

Effect: Strength + 500, Constitution + 500, Agility + 500, Spirit + 500

Special Feature: Cannot be traded, stolen, dropped, or discarded

Special Effect: [Water Spirit] possesses the Water Spiritual Pearl, affinity with the water element, increases water damage by 200%, increases water resistance by 50%, and also knows water properties. It can move freely underwater without any obstruction, does not reduce abilities, ignores water pressure, and can control water veins!

Additional Skill: [Water Vein Impact] consumes 10,000 Mana Points. Controlling the water element to form a whirlpool, it will create a violent water pressure attack on enemies within a 30x30 radius. It will cause 500% strength damage, with a fixed additional 5,000 points of water damage. It will cause an additional 300% damage to fire-type creatures. There is a certain chance of causing serious injury, cutting, freezing effect. Duration: 30 seconds. Cooldown: 30 minutes! (Depending on the quantity and quality of the water element, the effect will increase.)

Additional Skill: [Water Spirit Transformation] consumes 100,000 Mana Points to activate all the Water Spirit Power in the Spiritual Water Pearl and transform into a Naga! Duration: 5 minutes! Cooldown: 7 days!

Additional Skill: [Water Separation Essence] Summons the Water Separation Liquid stored in the Water Meridian Spirit Pearl. Anyone who is contaminated by the Water Separation Pearl will be poisoned by the water and their body will fester. Normal medicines cannot cure it. Cooldown: Seven days!

Introduction: A water-type Numinous treasure condensed from the spiritual energy of the four seawater meridians. It is extremely precious and is a supreme treasure in the eyes of water elementalists. It is said that this treasure is only controlled by the royal family of ancient waters and is passed down from generation to generation. Only the king can possess it. With it, one can easily control the water meridians and become the god of water.

"F*ck!"

As Qin Luo sped along, he checked on the Water Vein Spirit Pearl that had evolved once again through Naga God's Hand!

Yet.

After this evolution, the [Water Vein Spirit Bead] became stronger, but it was still unable to resolve the current danger. He could not help but feel a little angry.

Fortunately.

The good news was that because of the Naga God's recognition and the fact that he had personally bestowed it, the precious treasure that belonged to the Naga Race finally had a title and became his personal possession. It was completely tied to him and no one could take it away.

This way…

There was no need for him to place the [Water Vein Spirit Bead] on the virtual trading platform again to avoid it being exposed. It was completely the same as the [Dragon God Command], where he could store it in his backpack for the rest of his life.

"I just hope that everything goes smoothly!"

Looking at the plankway up close, Qin Sheng prayed in his heart.

At this moment.

His level had already reached Level 26. He was already inferior to those core elites of the Thunder Guild who had only dropped one level because of the aftermath of the duel between the Naga God and Long Zhan.

Even though he had obtained the [Water Vein Spirit Bead] that had evolved once again, its effect had increased tenfold. The four basic attributes had increased to 500 points, but it was still far from enough!

After all.

Currently, he was still in the middle of the sealing formation. He could not use the strengthened effects and skills of the [Spiritual Water Pearl]. It was useless to rely on the increase in his basic attributes.

"Hey, where are you going?"

Just as Qin Luo stepped onto the plankway and charged forward about 10 meters, when he was about to reach the edge of the sealing array formation, a familiar voice suddenly rang out by his ear. Before he could do anything, a figure suddenly appeared like a ghost and blocked his path.

"It's you again!"

Qin Qin Sheng gritted his teeth.

Although he could not see the bastard's face clearly because of the hood, nor did he know who he was, Qin Luo Sheng was very sure that this fellow was the "Smile" from earlier, the one who had killed him more than ten times and dropped all his equipment and props. He was also the biggest culprit who had caused him to fall into such a predicament.

"That's right, it's me again!"

The hooded man smiled coldly and said, "Is it still fresh in your memory? It seems that you miss my fist!"

"A jumping clown. A person who does not even dare to show his face dares to bark in front of me. How dare you boast shamelessly?”

Even when facing his invincible enemy, Qin Sheng did not show the slightest hint of fear. He said with incomparable fierceness and ridicule, "What, you're not disguising your identity this time? Or is it that idiot Long Zhan self-destructing his identity, making it hard for you all to hide, so you might as well not hide anymore? Like this, you should take off your hood! What? You don't dare?"

The hooded man:…

"Oh, I got it!"

Qin Sheng was not afraid at all when he saw that his enemy was silent and did not dare to speak to him. He continued to fight head-on, ruffling his beard. "You still have a sliver of hope, don't you? Let me see. Although you have not changed your identity and undergone a perfect disguise, you still hide your appearance and try your best to hide your aura, smell, bloodline and so on."

"What a pity, what a pity. Those idiots over there don't understand, but I'm different. After all, I've obtained the favor of your Dragon God and awakened the true dragon bloodline through his blood essence. Perhaps, in terms of bloodline purity, I'm even higher than you!"

"For you to come into contact with me at such a close distance, unless you are pretending like you did just now, you will not be able to hide no matter how hard you try. You will not be able to hide the dragon race's blood that is surging in your body and emitting its unique might."

The hooded man trembled as he spoke.

Obviously.

He also knew how foolish his act of deceiving himself was!

"So what if I am?"

Seeing that his disguise had been exposed, the hooded man stopped pretending. Although he did not take off his hood, he still admitted, "In this place, besides you, no one can recognize me. As long as I kill you, who will know who I am?—Tell me, right?"

Qin Luo's face instantly darkened.

That's right.

This fellow was right.

Apart from the group of dragons who were in the same boat as this guy, only he, who had awakened his dragon bloodline, could know who this bastard was.

Even if they remembered his scent and bloodline fluctuations, they would definitely know his identity after the matter was over. However, he refused to admit it no matter what. Either the neutral parties on the dragon race's side did not want to make a big deal out of this matter, which would damage the reputation of the dragon race, and would suppress this matter, or it was purely the hostile faction with this fellow. It was even more impossible for them to help him.

As for the Friendly Faction?

‘ Did you?’

Probably not!

Other than the Dragon Monarch, there might be some possibility, but there were also other dragons who had a favorable impression of him because of the Dragon God. However, now that things had come to this, what was done was done. Even if he wanted to settle the score, these people would not support him.

After all.

To the dragon race, he was the outsider.

Besides.

Who would admit to such an ugly thing like assassinating the Dragon Lord? Who would wantonly publicize it?

For the sake of the race, even if they were friendly to him, they would have no choice but to protect this group of bastards who had profaned the Dragon God and tarnished the reputation of the dragon race!

This…

It was the cruelty of reality!

Buzz…

Just as Qin Luo was in despair, a sudden warmth spread through his entire body, causing him to shiver uncontrollably.

"Ding… Due to the influence of your pet's small unknown bloodline, it has broken through the barrier. The bloodline sealing array has lost its effect, and your True Dragon bloodline can be revived!"

——————

Author’s Note: