Chapter 660: The Prop Transfer And The Counterattack Begins

Could it be…

Qin Luo suddenly thought of something and hurriedly opened his backpack.

"Hahahaha…"

With his eyes wide open, he looked at the backpack that should have been empty. Now, there was only a pile of potions and talismans left. Qin Luo Sheng could not help but laugh out loud. "Heaven always leaves a way out! It seems that revenge can be carried out in less than ten years!"

This was…

Item transfer!

"I didn't expect there to be such a neglected turning point!"

Too careless!

He was too careless!

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat vexed.

He had been beaten to death by the hooded man more than ten times, which made him a little confused. Otherwise, he would have been discovered a long time ago, and he wouldn't have been beaten to death by a bunch of trash for nothing. He only thought of this when he saw that something dropped again.

That's right.

Qin Luo had seen it clearly just now. He had lost everything, and his backpack was clean. He did not even have a bottle of potion.

Then—

Why did it suddenly appear now?

It was all because of the props!

Just now.

Qin Luo, who knew that he was going to die and that he was going to drop light, quickly stopped his losses and put the equipment that he had dropped on the virtual trading platform, including the Illusionary Spirit ribbon!

What was a Phantom ribbon?

Special equipment belt!

With the special effect [Illusionary Spirit Space], he had a thousand backpack slots!

When [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon] was put on the Virtual Exchange Platform, due to its special nature, everything placed in the [Illusionary Spirit Space] would automatically be transferred to the seller's backpack the moment it was put on sale.

This was why Qin Luo's backpack, which was originally clean, suddenly had a pile of props. This was because these things were transferred from the special space of the [Illusionary Spirit Ribbon].

"Die, you bunch of scum!"

The Divine Flame Symbol was activated. In an instant, after the miraculous sublimation of Starlight, the powerful Divine Flame Symbol triggered 20 * 20 large area flame damage, as well as a certain amount of True Damage.

Instantly.

A group of elites from the Thunder Union who had just killed Qin Sheng and had just eaten a mouthful of meat and were now rubbing their fists and rubbing their palms, preparing to do it again, fell into a sea of flames.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless white lights soared into the sky and flew towards the other end of the plankway.

This group of idiots that had already been corrupted by money, in order to seize the rewards, they had squeezed their way up. They were like human meat cans, but at this moment, they had become the enemy. A divine flame symbol had burned down their greatest killing efficiency, killing at least a hundred people.

"Tsk tsk, the evil score is increasing rapidly!"

As the flames dissipated, Qin Luo Sheng looked at the empty area before him. Then, he took a glance at the "lucky person" who was lucky enough to survive at the edge of the area where the Divine Fire Talisman took effect without being affected. Without another word, he took out another powerful Thunderfall Talisman.

Rumble…

Thunder rumbled across the battlefield.

Qin Sheng ignored the tormenting Thunderclap members and bent down, doing his best to collect the spoils left behind by the group of players who had been killed by the Divine Fire Talisman.

Even though [Phantom Space] 's tool transfer gave him the ability to fight.

Yet.

There was very little in stock. Let alone clearing the plankway and walking out of the sealed area, just the amount in his hands might not even be enough to take back the lost area and reach the plankway again.

Still.

As he continued to kill, these Thunder Guild players who came to give him warmth would definitely 'generously' provide him with supplies, especially those lucky ones who had picked up the equipment and loot they had dropped. After returning his items, even if they could not return to their peak state, they would still be able to recover a lot of their combat power. They would not be like before where they could only passively take a beating.

"Dragon Blood Pill, Potential Potion, Gale Pill, Sky Piercing Thunder…"

He quickly searched the battlefield, looking for anything he could use. Qin Sheng realized that his luck was really impressive. Those players who had died had probably dropped their underwear, right? The entire ground was shining brightly, like an equipment carpet inlaid with all sorts of gems. It was so gorgeous that one could hardly open their eyes.

Lights flashed.

This meant that the grade of the equipment was very high and not ordinary!

"Hey, isn't this my [Shadow Ghost Boots]? Welcome back!"

Under the equipment carpet, Qin Sheng easily collected a set of equipment that he could use. From head to toe, the lowest quality equipment was Gold. Although it could not compare to the stats at its peak, its combat power had finally returned.

Qin Sheng did not care about the other equipment. He only picked up a lot of equipment that he could use and used them to replace the ones that he could use when he died. Other than that, he picked up all the potions and props.

Right now, he was still in the middle of the sealing formation, and his main battle strength was still focused on the props.

Fortunately.

Although the sealing array formation was impressive, it had no effect on the talent of the Lord of the Stars, Qin Sheng. He could use the miracle of starlight as he pleased, sublimating all the props that were not his to increase the power and range.

"Everyone, charge! Destroy the Weeping Soul Beast at all costs! Don't give him a chance to catch his breath!"

Far away on the other side, Young Master Thunder was not fighting on the frontline personally, but he could clearly see the other side of the battlefield through the mystic rays provided by the Dragon Race.

When he saw that Qin Sheng had actually revived from the dead and had launched a counterattack, he was instantly extremely anxious and ordered the front line to attack without any regard for sacrifice.

At this point in time, if he did not kill Weeping Soul Beast with a single strike, everything he had done previously would be wasted. Furthermore, he would drag Thunderclap Union and the Lei Corporation into the abyss, beyond redemption.

So—

No matter how great their losses were, they had to go!

If you don't kill Weeping Soul Beast, everything will be over!

"Charge!"

Upon hearing the orders of their guild leader, the Thunder Guild players, who were originally hesitating, had no choice but to obey and launch an attack. Taking advantage of the disaster caused by the Divine Fire Talisman and the dissipation of the Falling Thunder Talisman, they charged forward, heading straight for Thundercloud.

"How naive!"

Qin Luo Sheng flipped his wrist and threw out a powerful Sky Tremor Bomb.

Boom…

Instantly.

Earth and rocks flew everywhere as explosions resounded.

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the huge 20 * 20 hole in front of him and sneered.

Even though the Sky Tremor Bomb was not like the Divine Fire Talisman and the Thunderfall Talisman, which had the ability to sustain for a long time and could continuously cause damage, it had the strongest explosive power in a single round. Furthermore, it had additional True Damage. No one could withstand it!

This 20x20 black hole was the best example!

True damage, scene destruction.

All the Thunder Guild players in this area were instantly GGed. Not only were they killed by the explosion, but they were also left without a corpse. What a "tragic" word!

"It's time for my counterattack!"

——————

Author’s Note: Thank you, cute little fat paper big brother, for another bulldozer. Thank you!