Chapter 662: Extreme Promotion, Naga God Descends

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Sealing Scroll. Low-level forbidden spell: Summon Naga God (Epic)]!"

"Choice successful, [Sealing Scroll: Low-level Forbidden Curse Summoning Naga God (Epic)] has been upgraded to perfection!"

The seemingly complicated conversation actually happened in an instant.

This forbidden spell scroll, obtained from the Boss [Snake Girl] in the beginner village's dungeon, had been buried in the deepest part of Qin Sheng's backpack. Firstly, he could not find an opportunity to use it, and secondly, it was because of the other forbidden spell scroll, [Low-level forbidden spell, Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array (Epic)].

Back then.

Once the forbidden spell was activated, it instantly killed tens of thousands of people.

Fate Dimension was a virtual reality game world, and with the help of the Forbidden Curse, those players who were in the snake formation were even more realistic.

How terrifying was the 10,000 Snakes Formation?

Originally, most humans were afraid of snakes. Furthermore, in the forbidden spell of the virtual world, the horror and insidiousness of those snakes were far from what real snakes could compare to in the real world!

Thus…

The Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array had caused many people to fall into a nightmare. Some were even mentally deranged and could not recover to this day.

Even if Qin Sheng did not care about such serious consequences, he was still a person in the end. He could not be unfeeling and fearless.

In order to not replicate the tragic incident from back then, at the same time, along with the rapid increase in his strength, he did not particularly need the help of forbidden spell scrolls anymore. Therefore, Qin Luo Sheng had slowly given the [Sealing Scroll, a low-level forbidden spell, summoning the Naga God (Epic)], such a tool to be "sealed". He did not dare to use it again, especially when it was used on players.

Except.

Unexpectedly.

Fate was unpredictable.

Back then, the Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array was to deal with the malicious Young Master Thunderbolt!

Now.

When they met again, the second and last forbidden spell scroll would also be used on Mad Thunder.

This time.

The victims were no longer the innocent players who had been tricked by him. They were the elites that his Thunder Guild had spent a lot of money to nurture.

The Heavenly Dao is so reincarnation!

The cause back then, the fruit today.

The Ten Thousand Viper Shadow Array had killed tens of thousands of players. As an "executioner", he should have suffered such a calamity. He was surrounded and killed. It was an indescribable tragedy. All his equipment almost exploded, and his level dropped drastically!

The instigator of this was Young Master Thunder, who was naturally even more miserable than him. Not only did he suffer heavy losses today, the reputation of the Thunder Guild had also plummeted. The empire that had been built up through so many years of investment and hard work would also collapse overnight, falling into the ranks of China's top ten guilds.

Not only that.

The Thunder Guild and the Young Master of Thunderbolt had even completely offended Qin Luo Sheng. As the great demon king of the Fate World, he had cried his soul out. Such humiliation could only be washed away by blood and slaughter. From now on, he would never rest until he died with the Thunder lineage. There were those who had no self.

Looking at it this way.

equivalent.

This battle…

He had directly buried the Thunder Union!

It would indirectly destroy the Lei Corporation even if it did not collapse!

This was undoubtedly the most severe punishment for Young Master Thunder, who had been a rich second-generation heir since he was young and was about to take over a large corporation in the future!

This.

It was the sin that he had to pay back, the evil that came from evil.

…

"Come, show me your body and show me your miracle. Help me destroy all the enemies and sweep through the universe! Come, Naga God!"

Qin Luo Sheng tore apart the forbidden spell scroll that had been sublimated to the pinnacle by the Starlight Blessing without any hesitation.

In an instant.

The sky was dark, and dark clouds covered the sky. The wind was strong, and the elements were agitated.

Just a second ago, it was still a sunny day. At this moment, it was as if a natural disaster had descended and the apocalypse had arrived.

The originally charging Thunder Union elites were stunned by this sudden scene.

Although they had been through hundreds of battles, they were still alone. When had they ever experienced such a huge battle?

The Naga God had yet to appear, but that terrifying divine might had already descended upon everyone.

Qin Luo Sheng was no exception.

"Who is it? Who awakened me!"

Upon hearing this deep and dignified voice, Qin Sheng opened his arms wide. His eyes were filled with extreme madness, and his wild and violent laughter spread throughout the entire battlefield.

…

At the other end of the plankway.

"This, this is…"

After sending out his ace troops to clean up the mess, he was already fantasizing about the fruits of his victory. Mad Thunder almost laughed out loud.

Yet.

This smile had yet to fully bloom on his face when the situation suddenly reversed. His entire body suddenly trembled as if he had an epileptic seizure.

Through the Illuminating Light Mirror, Young Master Thunder saw Qin Sheng tear apart a scroll. Immediately after, he felt an extreme pressure that suddenly rose up.

"No, that's impossible…"

Unlike the others, Mad Thunder had experienced this once before. Now that the scene had appeared again, the memories that he had hidden deep in his heart that he did not want to recall instantly came back to him!

“Forbidden spell, forbidden spell scroll… Snake Formation, countless terrifying snake formations have arrived…”

Young Master Thunder went crazy.

"The aura of a god? H-how is this possible?"

Compared to Mad Thunder who did not know anything, Long Zhan and the rest of the dragons hidden in their hoods were all stunned.

As the former overlords of heaven and earth, the dragons with the highest combat power were not the lowest-level dragons. Instead, they controlled many authorities and had come into contact with many big shots. Naturally, they knew the source of this terrifying aura.

God!

"Why, why can that human brat summon gods?"

Long Zhan almost went crazy. The other hooded men also had similar performances.

It seemed like they were about to achieve their goals, but now, there was a god who interfered, and new variables appeared. Or rather, the plan had completely collapsed, and there was no way to reverse it.

them.

He had already lost!

"No, there's still a chance!"

Long Zhan saw that the morale was extremely low and hurriedly said with a deep voice, "This aura is that of a god isn't bad, but it's very ethereal and isn't condensed. Furthermore, its aura is weak, which means that this unknown god isn't very strong. The one who descended isn't the real body, but an illusion. At most, it's just an incarnation, and it isn't especially strong!"

Hearing that, the other hoodlums who were incomparably dejected could not help raising their heads one after another, carefully comprehending. Only after discovering that what Long Zhan said was true did they recover a bit of confidence, a smile hanging on their faces again.

————

Author’s Note: Thank you for becoming the first grandmaster in this book!

PS2: Someone recently asked why the Heart-Protecting Mirror and resurrection ability can't be used. Why is external support not waiting for a question? I'll answer it here.

The reason why the skill did not take effect was because it had been sealed. As long as one looked at it seriously, there should not be any doubts, right?

As for the reinforcement issue, the details would depend on 634.

Qin Luo Sheng himself was hurrying on his journey, taking pills and alternating skills to increase his speed. He was even riding on the legendary mount Bing Bing, and it took him half an hour to reach the foot of the Bear Mountain. The speed of the others could be imagined.

Furthermore, it had already been some time since the news of them being surrounded and killed had spread. Even if Yatu and the others had gathered their forces at the first moment, they wouldn't be able to make it in time!

Also, Qin Sheng himself had only held on for half an hour. It was not a long time, so it was normal that he had not received any support.

As for the number one person in China, the country had never mentioned such a situation before. It was only said that the number one person in the world of fate was given to him by his fans and not officially certified. In addition, with Qin Sheng's cautiousness, he was afraid that his actions would be exposed. Even if the country paid attention to him, they would not be able to find him. How could they help him if they could not contact him?

above.