Chapter 666: Surprise! A Bug-Like Water Element Affinity

[Mission Title: Guardian of the Naga Race

[Mission Introduction] The Naga Race was a vassal race of the ancient dragon race. After the dragon race declined, they separated from the dragon race and became their own king. Together with the dragon race and the mermaid race, they were known as the Water Supreme Three Race. In the ancient times, the demon race invaded and thousands of races joined forces to fight against foreign enemies. The Naga Race suffered heavy casualties in the war and thus declined. The Naga Race also disappeared after the war.

[Mission Details] Help the Naga God look after the Naga Race and provide assistance when necessary

[Mission difficulty]??

[Mission Time]???

[Mission Reward] The blessing of the Naga God, the ultimate treasure of the Naga Race, [Spiritual Water Pearl], permanent ownership rights???

[Punishment for Failure]???

While the Naga God and Long Zhan were fighting, and while the Naga God had just used a small forbidden spell to clear the part of the plankway, at this moment, the Thunder Guild had not had the time to patch up the person. Qin Sheng seized the opportunity and ran towards the plankway as fast as he could.

As long as.

As long as he ran to the area where the magic troops were at, he would be able to break free from the range of the sealing array and recover all his skills!

Without the existence of those damned arrays, Qin Luo Sheng was no longer a pestilence chicken. Instead, he was the number one person in the Fated World recognized by many players, the great demon king who could take on a Legendary Boss head-on when he unleashed his full power!

As he ran on the empty plankway, Qin Sheng checked the mission he had just accepted and the reward he had received from the Naga God!

There was nothing to say about the mission.

There was only one content: Help them out when they meet the Naga Race!

It was simple.

He looked at the blessings given by the Naga God.

As the name suggested, Water Resistance and the Naga Race's favorability were easy to understand.

Still.

This water resistance was a little impressive, directly + 50%?

Damn, this was too much.

It was indeed worthy of being one of the three supreme aquatic races. Furthermore, it was a blessing personally given by the Naga Race's God. It was awesome!

50% water resistance, what did this mean?

Meaning.

When any water-type attacks landed on him, their power would be reduced by 50%. Not only that, as long as there was control over the water element, the effects would be reduced by 50%!

Bang!

[Water Element Affinity] You are the darling of water. You are exempt from water control and restriction effects. You can use any equipment and scrolls that can only be used in water. When you use water-type attacks, the damage will increase by 200% and the effect will double!

Awesome!

Qin Qin Sheng almost couldn't help but cry out.

Initially, he thought that it was similar to the special effect [Water Spirit] of the Water Spiritual Pearl. He never expected that the [Water Element Affinity] was the real big shot. It was even more important than 50% water resistance.

A favorite of the water would not be restricted in the water, such as breathing in the water. This was the most basic rule!

He was immune to the effects of water control and restrictions, such as freezing, restrictions and deceleration. It was equivalent to him being the father of all water-type existences in the future!

Qin Sheng was the most excited about being able to break through the water system's restrictions. In other words, in the future, even as a warrior, he could wear the equipment of a water system mage and use the skills of a water system mage.

If it had been before, Qin Sheng would have felt nothing.

What was there to be excited about?

What's the use of wearing the equipment of a water mage?

And he did not know any water mage skills!

However…

He also had an extremely impressive piece of equipment—Ice Spirit Ring!

This was different.

Even though he had so many treasures, he had always coveted that item. It was a pity that he did not have the right to wear it.

Now.

The qualifications had come.

He instantly felt that it was going to be a climax!

Qin Sheng did not take the other aspects of the ice spirit ring seriously, even the forbidden spell [Icebound Thousand Miles].

However, he coveted the [Ice Ring Barrier].

This skill, which was linked to the attack range, Health Points, and Mana Points, was a godly skill under the control of an expert. Its grade and practicality were definitely not inferior to legends.

"Naga God, lowly servant, you dare to devour your master. Today, I, Long Zhan, will use your blood to clean up my dragon race!"

Just as Qin Luo was still running and immersed in joy and happiness, Naga God and Long Zhan had already met in the sky.

"A mere black loach dares to boast so shamelessly!"

The Naga God snorted coldly, and the divine power in his entire body erupted, suppressing towards Long Zhan. His awe-inspiring and awe-inspiring voice resounded throughout heaven and earth. "You want to go against me with just you alone? You're too inexperienced! Let your Dragon God do it!"

"How dare you!"

In the end, he was facing a god. Even if it was just a doppelganger, his divine power was one level higher than ordinary power. Even Long Zhan was also a max level big shot at LV100, but he was also suppressed by the Naga God.

"What kind of existence is Lord Dragon God? How can a Fur God like you compare to him?"

Long Zhan roared and said, "Killing trash like you, I, Long Zhan, am enough!"

Boom…

A great battle erupted.

The Black Dragon Race, which mainly focused on physical defense, the younger brother of the current Black Dragon King, Long Zhan, one of the next inheritors of the Black Dragon King, was facing the Six-Armed Naga, who was the closest to the water element and could control one of the Ten Great Wonders, Li Shui. Furthermore, it had cultivated to the Deity Realm and possessed divine power.

In an instant.

The entire sky darkened.

The wind howled and the clouds changed color.

In front of two Level 100 players, the average level of players who had just reached Level 30 and Second Stage Profession were simply ants.

Not only the players, but even the native monsters of Furious Bears Ridge were shivering under the two terrifying auras. All of them prostrated on the ground and urinated.

"Damn it!"

When two big shots fought, the one who suffered was naturally Qin Luo and the others, weaklings.

As the saying goes, when immortals fight, mortals suffer.

It was not easy for him to run past the first half of the plankway. Just as he was about to break free and escape from the sealing array formation, Qin Luo Sheng was struck by the shockwaves of the battle between the Naga God and Long Zhan and was instantly killed.

Not only did his body explode once again, but his level had dropped again. Most importantly, he was sent back to the temporary resurrection point.

F*ck!

He cursed.

Qin Luo rushed out of the resurrection point at an extreme speed and continued running towards the plankway.

He was instakilled, and those Thunder Guild players were probably not any better off.

It was still the same as before. In a situation where he could not defend himself, he had a chance to take advantage of the situation and escape.

This was his only chance.

Even though the Naga God was very strong and appeared to be suppressing Lei Zhan, she was only a clone after all and was summoned by him. There was a time limit.

Once the effect of the scroll ended, everything would return to normal.

If he didn't solve the problem now, everything would be over!

————

< EMPTY >