Chapter 671: Health Points… 100 Million???

"That's right, you're right!"

Qin Luo looked at Long Qing calmly and admitted generously, "Just as you said, that bloodline aura was born from the Dragon God's egg. It was her aura, not the Dragon God's."

"You…"

As if he had not expected Qin Luo Sheng to not quibble, Long Qing frowned in confusion.

"Don't look at me like that. I'm not scheming right now!"

Qin Luo Sheng shrugged his shoulders and said sincerely, "You should know that in the face of absolute power, all schemes and plots are useless. Besides, I'm now in the trap that you've set up. What do you have to fear?"

Hearing that.

Long Qing felt slightly at ease.

Still.

Even so, Long Qing did not let down his guard.

They were the ones who thought that the trap they had set up was flawless. Everything was in their favor, and there was nothing to worry about.

And then?

Their leader, Long Zhan, had already fallen in.

Now.

Long Qing was also in danger.

Because.

He had already exposed himself.

Even if he did not admit it later, without any evidence, with the big shots backing him up, there was a high chance that it would not be a problem. However, it was better to be safe than sorry.

Fate.

It was the most unpredictable!

No one knew what would happen in the future!

"What are you playing at?"

Long Qing wanted to make a move to get rid of the future trouble as soon as possible. However, for some reason, he felt his heart palpitating with fear as he felt an inexplicable sense of danger. The source of this sense of danger was this man before him. This seemingly harmless ant that he could kill with a finger at any time.

"Don't worry, even the Naga God was defeated by you guys, what else can I do?"

Qin Luo Sheng said seriously, "Besides, even if you don't have confidence in yourself, you should still have confidence in your dozen companions over there. With them around, how can I overturn the heavens?"

"What are you trying to say?"

Long Qing frowned even more now. There must be something wrong if things were abnormal. He did not believe that Qin Sheng would let go of the hatred of being ambushed and wanted to resolve the grudges between them. Even if he wanted to, they had already walked on this path of no return and could no longer turn back. Even if Qin Sheng, the victim, did not pursue the matter, once it was exposed, they would definitely die without a burial site.

Disrespectful to the Dragon God!

Not respecting Long Lui!

Disdain the clan rules!

…

Any one of them would be severely punished.

Especially disrespecting the Dragon God was a crime of great disrespect.

According to the clan rules, the bloodline of the dragon race would be stripped away. From then on, the true dragon would be reduced to a snake, a python, a snake, and a viper. They would fall to the dust and would never be able to recover. Even if you cultivated with great perseverance and transformed into a dragon again, your bloodline would still be stripped away, forever effective.

“I mean, is it worth it to do this?”

Qin Luo Sheng smiled indifferently. "The battle between me and Long Yuan has nothing to do with you guys. Why must you drag yourself into it? Doing such a foolish thing might not only endanger your own life, but also implicate your clansmen and kin. How innocent are they?"

"You don't have to say that if you want to!"

Long Qing replied without any change in his tone.

“Really?”

Long Qing's reaction was cold, but Qin Sheng could hear the hint of regret in his words. He shook his head and said, "Don't worry, I'm not here to persuade you to surrender. I know very well that you can only walk down the dark path now and never turn back. You're like this, so am I."

"I'm not an ambitious and ruthless person. I won't endure silently. I'm very petty. Revenge doesn't last overnight. You guys attacked me for no reason or rhyme. I won't treat it as nothing will happen. You, Long Zhan, and that group of dragon clans that are still hiding under the hood over there, all of you dragons, plus the mastermind behind you, as well as your clan relatives... those related, I won't let any of them off. Three days later, I'll come to Dragon Island as the Dragon Lord and settle accounts with you guys one by one."

"You…"

Long Qing's eyes widened and he flew into a rage.

“Don’t stare!”

Qin Sheng sneered as he looked at Long Qing's furious eyes that were tinged with fear. "Everyone has to be responsible for their own words and actions. We're all adults now, so we should be able to shoulder the responsibility, right? Since you've chosen to walk this path, then you should know what the consequences of failure are!"

"I…"

When he saw Qin Sheng's extremely cold gaze, Long Qing felt his heart tremble for some reason. He felt that a calamity was approaching and his mind was blank. He subconsciously wanted to say something, but he did not know what to say. His tone changed from the extreme toughness earlier to soft and trembling.

"Don't, don't beg for mercy. Hang in there, bro!"

However, Qin Luo, who was still at an absolute disadvantage when facing the impending peace offering, didn't appreciate it at all. He immediately interrupted and said mockingly, "It's already at this time, so don't say anything that makes me want to laugh! You must know that I was dragged into this trap by all of you. I was surrounded and killed by force. Especially that pair of iron fists of yours, they made me suffer even more. Even I didn't yield, but you're a proud dragon. You mustn't lose face for the dragon race."

"What… are you going to do?"

Long Qing gritted his teeth and asked, "Do you want to mess with my heart? Dream on! With me here, even if I die with you today, I will definitely not let you take half a step out of here and let you send out any news. Dragon Lord? So what if you're the Dragon Lord? You're the Dragon Lord if you're alive. If you're dead, you're nothing!"

“You’re right. Only living is valuable.”

Qin Luo Sheng nodded in agreement to Long Qing's words. "Indeed, I won't be able to survive in your hands. However, do you really think you can cover the sky with one hand? Are your actions really flawless? Do you really think your crimes won't be exposed?"

“What are you going to do?”

Long Qing's pupils constricted and his eyes narrowed. His aura was wild and ready. As long as Qin Sheng dared to do anything inappropriate, he would immediately make a move and kill him without hesitation.

“Do what?”

The smile on Qin Luo Sheng's face had finally disappeared. His face had turned as cold as ice from ten thousand years ago. It was cold to the extreme. "It's just as you think. It's… it's… it's… gone… Ah!"

"Dragon Might!"

True dragon blood erupted, dragon might surging, sweeping outwards.

Long Qing.

He bore the brunt of it.

-200000!

A huge damage number, as high as eight digits, suddenly floated above Long Qing’s head.

20 million?

20 million?

Dragon's Might reduced all attributes by 20%, which meant that this guy's health points at his peak was—100 million?

F*ck!

No wonder he could not retaliate at all and was hammered to death more than ten times.

It would be impossible for such a big shot to win!