Chapter 677: Attack And Defend

"Really? Then I'm really scared!"

In the face of a group of berserk dragons, a dozen or so enormous dragons that were tens of meters long coiled around his body. Each and every one of them had bloodshot eyes that were filled with killing intent. Qin Sheng's body, which was merely a meter long, was like a drop in the ocean under such circumstances. He could not even be considered an ant.

Yet.

Even in such a desperate situation where death was certain, Qin Luo Sheng's expression was still the same as ever. He was even talking and laughing. What realm was this?

Everyone was stunned.

Whether they had a good impression of Qin Sheng or not, at this moment, they were all his fans.

Such a talent was the hope of mankind.

She did not bend her knees, nor did she have a charming face or soft bones. She was upright and full of pride!

"Weeping Soul, how do you want to die?"

Long Qing let out a thunderous roar.

Beside him.

A group of dragons who had revealed their figures were also glaring at them with sharp eyes.

"I'm meat on someone's chopping block." Qin Sheng sneered. "Do I have a choice? Come on, vent your anger on me (something's wrong with you). This is your last period of pleasure. Three days later, I'll let you experience what I'm feeling now. No, at that time, you should experience something deeper. For example, looking at your clansmen and loved ones in despair, being sent to the Dragon Slaying Platform because of your own stupidity, or having your bloodline stripped away. In your eyes, step by step, you'll turn from a dragon into a snake, or even a loach! Hahaha…"

"You devil!"

One of the azure water dragons couldn't hold it in any longer. It swept its tail across Qin Sheng, killing him instantly.

"That's it?" Qin Sheng walked out of the resurrection point once again. He raised his head and looked at the numerous true dragons that had crowded his vision. He shouted arrogantly, "It doesn't hurt or itch!"

"Devil! Devil! Devil!"

All of the dragons went berserk. When they thought about the ending that was about to come, they felt fear and despair. This was especially the case when they would implicate the people they cared about. Their own blood relatives made them even more furious and regretful.

But.

At this point, there was no longer any room for reconciliation.

Next.

No matter what happened, no matter what the outcome was, it was no longer within their control.

The only thing they could do now was to cry out in pain and vent all their anger and fear on Qin Sheng, who had caused them to lose their family.

"Demon? You guys really dare to say that!" Qin Sheng laughed coldly. "I'm a good person who knows his place. It was you guys who set up a trap to harm me! In fact, for the sake of being flawless, you guys even wanted to get rid of all ties when you killed someone. You guys didn't hesitate to put down the pride of the dragon race and join forces with that fool opposite you to dig a hole for me to fall into. You guys even went to such great lengths to find trouble. Just now, you even beat me to death more than ten times in a cruel manner. You actually dare to call me a demon? Heh heh ~"

All of the dragons were speechless.

There was no rebuttal!

There was nothing to say!

“Mere ants. We can kill them as we wish. What can you do to us?”

One Dragon spoke wildly.

"That's right. Compared to you guys, I'm just an ant."

Qin Sheng did not pay much attention to Qin Luo's arrogant words. He shrugged his shoulders and admitted generously, "In this world, the weak are prey to the strong. This has always been the case since ancient times. You are stronger than me and stronger than me. You can do whatever you want. I can't stop you. However—"

Qin Luo Sheng changed the topic and his eyes suddenly turned stern. He said in a low voice, "I'll do whatever I want. What can you do to me?"

"Angry? Unwilling? Desperate?"

Qin Sheng laughed loudly as he looked at the group of irascible dragons. Even though he was surrounded, he did not show the slightest bit of fear. Instead, he was like the one who had the upper hand, mocking the many true dragons whose eyes had already turned red. "If you guys are really like this, then I'm relieved! The more unhappy you are, the happier I'll be, the more excited and comfortable I'll be! Hehe…"

Hehe?

Hehe?

Hehe?

As soon as the hateful laughter came out, the mockery was instantly maxed out.

Initially, he had still maintained his rationality and was prepared to admit defeat and see if he could salvage the situation a little. If not, it would not matter even if he lost the lives of these dragons. However, if he could beg for forgiveness, with the Dragon God's favor, and the fact that he was the Dragon Lord who was on the same level as the Dragon Emperor, and was also the victim, as long as he pleaded for mercy, there might still be a chance for a turnaround. In addition, with the power behind them adding fuel to the fire, it was very likely that they would not be implicated.

But.

Judging from the situation, it was impossible for them to reconcile.

That made sense.

What kind of harm had he done to her, and what right did she have to repay evil with kindness?

Ask yourself.

What would happen if this happened to them?

Forgive?

Get lost!

I am already showing mercy by not personally exterminating your entire family. How dare you ask for forgiveness?

"Kill him! Let me do it! I want to swallow him whole!"

Furious roars erupted.

All of the dragons turned to look.

Oh.

It was the Fire Dragon Clan's Long Yin!

Then everything was fine.

Everyone knew that the dragons of the Fire Dragon race had violent tempers. If they were unhappy, they would fight on the battlefield. Once they became enemies, they would immediately go to the Terrifying Dragon Stage. Life and death were determined by fate.

Now.

In a situation where he was filled with fear, it would be strange if he did not get angry after being mocked like this.

Except.

Before Long Yin could erupt, a white dragon beside him blocked him.

"Lord Dragon Lord, there's something wrong with this guy's head. Please don't take issue with him."

The White Dragon had a beautiful body and was a noble among the dragons. It was a mutated species, and its status was second only to the Dragon Race's Supreme Martial Artist. It could cultivate five elemental magic and was the only species that could cultivate light magic. It was also extremely intelligent and had no shortcomings other than its slightly weak physique. It could be said to be perfect.

"Oh? Your attitude changed so much?"

Qin Luo Sheng glanced disdainfully at the white dragon named Long Xu, who was also a female dragon. He could roughly guess what she was about to say and said with interest, "You guys weren't like this just now! All kinds of moves to kill me are endless. In order to kill me, you've mobilized so much combat power and expended so much effort and resources to set up such an inescapable net. Why? Have you changed your mind now?"

"Lord Dragon Lord must be joking."

Long Xu forced a smile and his attitude was extremely respectful. Even though they were already mortal enemies and couldn't mend their relationship, this matter was too important. Even if he had to suffer humiliation and lose his dignity today, he had to swallow his pride and beg for forgiveness. "We were wrong."

"Long Xu, you…"

When they saw Long Xu admit defeat and beg for mercy, all the dragons at the side were stunned, and the hot-tempered Long Yin glared angrily at him. If it wasn't for the fact that he was within the range of the sealing formation, he wished for nothing more than to spit out a mouthful of dragon breath on the spot and annihilate this disgraceful and submissive traitor first.

————

< EMPTY >