Chapter 672: Grief And Anger! The Last Straw To Crush A Camel

Buzz…

It belonged to a higher level than the Dragon Monarch. Perhaps it was due to the Dragon God's bloodline power. The dragon might that was formed from it was truly capable of sweeping through the world and shaking the world.

Instantly.

Long Qing's mind was blank and his eyes were blank with fear.

Obviously.

This guy was in a state of shock.

"Support!"

Qin Luo snapped his fingers happily.

This should be a level 100 boss. It was not surprising that Dragon's Aura could reduce his attributes by 20%.

But.

Not only could he reduce his attributes, but he could also instill a certain degree of deterrence into him. That was incredible.

The only explanation.

Bloodline Suppression.

After all.

Long Qing was a member of the dragon race. No matter how strong he was, the dragon race was still a race with bloodlines. This natural suppression was engraved in the depths of their genes and could not be avoided.

Just like humans, most people would be shocked when they saw cold-blooded creatures like snakes. Even if they could win in a battle, they would be shocked when they suddenly appeared.

There were also wild beasts like ferocious tigers. After encountering them, their bodies would tremble, and their minds would go blank. They would not be able to move their feet at all. A tiger’s roar was enough to make one’s body go limp, or even worse. They would not even have the thought of resisting.

This was a genetic inheritance.

From the ancestors of mankind in ancient times, generation after generation, it was deeply engraved in human genes—fear!

To the end.

During that period, humans ate raw meat and drank blood. They even lived on trees. There was not even a cave. They were at the bottom of the food chain.

Eaten by a ferocious beast!

Poisoned by poison!

Inundated by deep water!

…

All sorts of ways to die were indescribably tragic.

How could he not be afraid?

How could he not remember it in his heart?

Same reason.

The dragons, who relied on the bloodline memory inheritance of their ancestors to obtain power and techniques, were even more dependent on bloodlines.

Those with strong bloodlines had great potential and high status.

This was also the reason why the dragon race and other races that revered bloodlines had racked their brains to evolve their bloodlines. Even the Dragon Monarch was no exception. In order to obtain the blood of the Dragon God to evolve his own bloodline, he didn't hesitate to make a deal with Qin Sheng. He clearly knew that Qin Sheng wanted to fight a decisive battle with the Dragon Abyss. Once he won, the dragon race would definitely lose face. They would not care about anything else and continue to support the enemy.

For.

It was a higher bloodline.

It was a further evolution.

…

"Oh no, this dragon might is?"

Long Qing was stunned and could not move at all. However, the group of hooded people far away did not do so because Qin Luo Sheng's dragon's might could not affect the area that far.

Yet.

It could not affect them, but it could still spread, allowing a group of dragons who were extremely sensitive to dragon might to sense it.

The group of dragons were all big shots. Naturally, their field of vision was extremely wide. They immediately saw Long Qing, who was confronting Qin Luo Sheng, and saw through his current state. All of them were terrified and broke out in cold sweat.

"Quick, reinforce them!"

A hooded man shouted.

"It's too late!"

However, the warning was met with a bitter reply.

Everyone looked up.

He saw…

At some point in time, a huge summoning magic formation had appeared in the sky above where Qin Sheng and Long Qing were confronting each other. Even though the summoned creature had yet to appear, the faint traces of dragon might that had already been transmitted through the array formation completely revealed his identity.

"We… lost!"

A hooded man shivered and said.

The other hooded figures remained silent.

At that moment, their hearts were in turmoil.

He should have been happy that his compatriots had appeared.

But.

This sudden compatriot was an enemy, but a needle that was about to pierce through their flawless plan!

How could he be happy?

Why was he so sure that they were enemies and not friends?

After all.

This was a dragon!

That was because…

Long Qing did not know how to summon his companions. He did not have the ability nor the qualification to do so. Even if he did, the current mission was a top secret among top secrets. The fewer people who knew about it, the better. Now that he had the advantage, it was impossible for him to invite external help to cause trouble.

Thus…

The summoner must be the target of their so-called Dragon Lord.

The reason why they were as steady as Mount Tai was because they were here as a support.

Firstly, he was afraid of being exposed. Secondly, everything was indeed stable.

The target, the Dragon Lord, had been completely sealed and could not escape at all. As a guest from the alternate realms, he was originally pitied by the Goddess of Fate and was specially blessed. After paying a certain price (level and equipment, players' exclusive ability), he could be resurrected indefinitely, making people envious.

Yet.

Because of their methods, the blessing had become a curse.

They had died countless times, revived countless times, and suffered countless torments. In the end, their true spirits would still be destroyed. At that time, the blessings of the Goddess of Fate would be useless. Their Lord Dragon Lord would die completely, unable to be resurrected.

As such,

Even if they had committed a heinous crime, who would investigate it when there was no evidence? Who would investigate the crimes of the high-level members of the Dragon Clan, the pillars of the Dragon Clan, for an outsider and a so-called Dragon Lord who had died in vain?

But.

The world was unpredictable.

Originally, the sudden entry of a Naga God had already deviated from the plan, causing the leader of this mission, Long Zhan, to lose.

Now.

It was also extremely risky for Long Qing to move out.

However, if he could win and execute his plan perfectly, it would all be worth it.

Unfortunately.

The heavens did not go according to his wishes.

Accident.

It appeared again.

This sudden interference in the battlefield broke the balance and pulled down their fellow clansmen who were deceiving themselves, becoming the last straw that broke the camel's back.

Plan.

Completely broke.

They were gone.

…

"It's time for the trial!"

Qin Luo Sheng had a sinister smile on his face as he looked at Long Qing, who was intimidated by the dragon's might. He took out a token from his backpack, a token that indicated that it was ordinary but contained the aura of a dragon. It was known as the Dragon God Command!

"Dragon Lord Summon!"

With a command, the true dragon blood in his body boiled.

After Xiaoxiao had broken through the bloodline shackles, this skill that could only be summoned by using dragon blood could finally be used.

"I didn't want to use this move at first, but unfortunately, you guys didn't give me a way out!"

Qin Sheng muttered to himself as he looked at the summoning magic array that was instantly formed above his head and felt the mighty dragon might that was transmitted from the other end of the summoning array.

Originally.

He only wanted to escape, not summon.

A man should do things his way. If there were grudges, he would take revenge. How could he leave it to others?

Except.

If they don't give you the chance, what can you do?

Since that was the case…

There was no other way.

I won't be able to escape. If you don't give me a chance, I will personally settle the score with you and give you a period of time to live.

So.

I can only spread the news. With the identity of the Dragon Lord, the might of the Dragon God, and the oppression of the Dragon Race, I will make you, a bunch of audacious fellows, blaspheme the Dragon God and the dignity of the Dragon Race on the eve of the battle on the Terrifying Dragon Platform, be punished.

One—

Don't even think about escaping!

————

PS1: [Summoning of the Dragon Lord] has been used up. It can summon a dragon to fight for you (Summoning Formula: Current Class Advancement + 1, Current Strength + 1). Maximum duration: 10 minutes. Cooldown: 24 hours!

< EMPTY >