Chapter 674: Reflect! The Starlight Spirit Mirror Shows Its Might

“Gelis!”

Gelis understood Long Qing and the others, but how could Long Qing not understand Gelis and know of his powerful perception?

"Don't, don't say it!"

Seeing Gelis's expression, Long Qing understood that he already knew all the information about his accomplices. He was shocked and quickly shouted to stop him.

"Goliath, as the Dragon Lord, I order you to tell me everything that you have discovered!"

Long Qing shouted loudly. Qin Sheng was not a dead man either, so how could he allow him to be so impudent?

Gelis was summoned by him. Moreover, as the Dragon Lord of the Dragon Race, his status was equivalent to the Dragon Emperor, and he could protect himself with righteousness and pull the Dragon God's banner. At the same time, he had the great killing weapon [Dragon God Command] in his hands. No matter what, Gelis should listen to him.

"Yes, Lord Dragon Lord!"

Hearing the word "order", Gelis, who was restrained by the [Dragon God Command], subconsciously puffed up his chest and replied, "Long Shen of the Black Dragon Tribe, Long Yin of the Fire Dragon Tribe…"

"Shut up and stop talking!"

His companions were exposed just like that and sold out one by one. What awaited them was an incomparably terrifying reckoning. Instantly, Long Qing's eyes turned red.

"You two, die!"

Long Qing, whose identity had already been exposed, no longer had any need to hide. He lifted his hood and revealed his true appearance. His body instantly swelled up and turned into a ferocious, ferocious, yellowish-brown True Dragon. With a ferocious roar, he immediately charged towards Qin Luo and Gelis. He actually—wanted to kill both of them and kill them in one fell swoop.

"This…"

Gelis, who was happily reporting his name, faced the furious Long Qing. The powerful bloodline suppression and crushing power instantly made his twenty-meter-tall body kneel down and tremble.

"Don't mind it, continue!"

Qin Luo Sheng frowned and completely ignored the suppression of Long Qing's dragon's might. The blood of the True Dragon in his body erupted and emitted a might that was even stronger than Long Qing's dragon's might, shattering his suppression of Gelis.

"Yes, yes…"

The newbie Gelis was dumbfounded.

However, when it came to Qin Sheng, who had the command to summon him and had the command to summon him, Gelis could not reject his command. With a solemn expression, he abandoned his awareness and pride as an Epic Boss and continued reporting like a lackey.

"…"

More than half of his partner's identity had been exposed, but Long Qing was not panicking.

If there were only one or two of them, it would be fine. However, the majority of them would be affected. In fact, all of them would be exposed soon. It would be impossible to stop halfway. As such, how could they panic?

Why?

Nothing else!

Everything was irreversible.

I can only.

Killing Limit Secret!

Otherwise…

The implications were too great, no one could bear the responsibility!

This was no longer an internal clan matter, but the entire dragon clan!

If all the dragons involved in this matter were dealt with and punished severely, and some of the big shots within the dragon race, who were of a higher level than them, were dug out and dragged down, the losses of the dragon race would be so great that it could not be any greater and their vitality would be greatly damaged.

No matter what faction they belonged to, they would never allow such a huge event to happen!

Yet.

The Dragon Lord's opinion could be ignored, but what about the Dragon God?

If even the crime of looking down on the Dragon God could be forgiven, then in the future, what was the point of the dragon race's rules and the laws of the Dragon City?

them.

What qualifications did he have to be protected by the Dragon God?

Without the protection of God, even if they were as powerful as the dragon race, they would not be able to fight against the other great races that were favored by God. For example, the phoenix race and qilin race that they were not on good terms with, as well as the roc race that was their natural enemy!

When the time came.

The dragon race might be annihilated.

"I won't allow it!"

As one of the upper echelons of the Dragon Race, Long Qing naturally knew how terrifying the current situation was. If he didn't handle it well, the Dragon Race would either suffer a great loss or face the possibility of being wiped out.

No matter which one it was.

He could not afford it!

The dragons could not bear it either!

There was only one way to avoid such a situation—

Kill!

"There's no other way!"

Even though he did not want to kill his fellow clansmen, especially the ones he killed, they were still juniors that he thought highly of. They were the best of the younger generation and would become the future pillars of the dragon race.

But.

Now was not the time to be impulsive.

Sacrificing Gelis to save the Dragon Race was completely worth it!

“Grace, I’m sorry.”

Long Qing immediately made up his mind. Killing intent filled his eyes as he looked at Qin Sheng and Gelis. "For the sake of the dragon race, can you die?"

Gelis:???

What was going on?

Big Boss Long Qing, are you crazy?

What are you saying?

Did I fucking provoke you?

"Ignore him, continue!"

Qin Luo Sheng took note of all the names that Gelis had reported. Seeing that there was no more movement from Gelis, he shot a glance at the berserk Long Qing and frowned. "Don't worry, leave this guy to me. You just have to do your own thing!"

"Understood!"

Gelis said shakily.

Then.

The familiar segment of "reporting the names of the dishes" began again.

"Arrogant!"

Qin Luo Sheng did not hide his voice when he spoke, and Long Qing exploded on the spot.

You were f*cking beaten to death by my fists in human form more than ten times, and even when you were fully armed.

Now.

I’ve transformed back into my original dragon body, and the strength I can unleash is many times greater than before. As for you, your entire body is clean and smooth, and your aura is even weaker than before (dropped rank), yet you still dare to boast so shamelessly?

"Go back to where you came from!"

Under his fury, even though Long Qing was also trapped in the sealing array and could not use energy or skills, his True Dragon body, which was dozens of meters long and was also the Earth Dragon tribe with the strongest defense and thickest body apart from the Black Dragon tribe, would definitely not even leave a piece of flesh if he continued to crush the weak human tribe.

Except.

Qin Sheng did not panic in the face of such a huge pressure. He stretched out his hand and gently swiped. Instantly, space trembled and rippled. A thing that looked like a mirror appeared in the sky and lay between him and Long Qing.

"Brat, are you using this mirror to deal with me? You really don't know the immensity of heaven and earth!"

Long Qing howled.

Other than disdain, there was also anger in his tone.

"Ignorant fool?"

Qin Luo Sheng laughed coldly as he looked at Long Qing, who was already within reach. With a treacherous expression, he said, "I'll return these words to you! Ants who don't know the immensity of heaven and earth!—Starlight Spirit Mirror!"

Bang…

Long Qing's terrifying body smashed heavily against Qin Luo Sheng's Starlight Spirit Mirror.

In an instant.

Long Qing, who descended from the sky with an incomparable might that shook the heavens and earth, and his terrifying body that was dozens of meters long, rushed straight into the sky like a small snake that had been thrown out under the eyes of countless people.

‘ Precisely.’

The more he came, the more miserable he would be!

————

PS1: Starlight Spirit Mirror: The spirit mirror formed from the radiance of the stars has the ability to counterattack. [The spirit mirror absorbs energy and reflects it back with a double effect (Currently, it can only absorb physical attacks and magic attacks), once a day.]

< EMPTY >