Chapter 678: Shocking Compensation

"I know, we have caused immeasurable harm to Lord Dragon Lord, it is difficult for us to seek your forgiveness!"

Long Xuli paid no attention to Long Yin. Instead, she looked at Qin Sheng seriously and weighed the pros and cons. "However, there is no absolute good or evil in this world, nor is there absolute enmity. There is only eternal interest. I know that you are very angry, but since the matter has already happened, there is no point in being angry. How about this, each of our clans will give you a treasure as compensation. It contains millions of gold coins, a number of skill books, a number of treasures and equipment. What do you think?"

Shit?

Qin Luo's scalp instantly turned numb.

What the heck?

Every clan gave a treasure?

He looked up.

The dozen dragons in front of him represented a branch of a race.

In other words…

If he accepted the settlement and reached an agreement, he would instantly have more than ten treasures. Other things aside, at least the gold coins would have more than a hundred million as compensation?

WDNMD!

This was simply too crazy!

“If the Dragon Lord still hasn’t vented his anger, then I’ll personally make the decision to transfer a batch of the highest quality equipment you can use from the treasury as compensation for the equipment you just lost. At the same time, I’ll give you an egg of a true dragon, a dragon egg capable of hatching a pure true dragon bloodline as your pet. What do you think?”

Another "What do you think?" was added, causing Qin Sheng, who was still dizzy, to stop completely.

"Done."

Long Xu revealed a confident smile when he saw Qin Luo's stunned expression.

No one knew better than her just how tempting these conditions were.

Even though such a huge price was painful, now was not the time to care about worldly possessions. As long as he could appease Qin Sheng's anger and stop pursuing the matter, paying such a price was worth it.

"We were blinded by greed in this matter. We were indignant that Lord Dragon Lord had passed Lord Dragon God's trial, so we were jealous and did such a foolish thing."

Before Qin Luo Sheng could reply, Long Xu could not help but feel anxious. This was a huge matter, and they could not afford to gamble or lose. Thus, he continued to persuade, "After this incident, we understand that you are a true hero, Lord Dragon Lord. You didn't pass the trial by trickery. We are very ashamed. In the future, you will be the Dragon Lord of the Dragon race. Whoever doesn't approve of you, the dragons present, and the clans behind us will definitely suppress you! The friendship between you and our race will last forever."

"I have to say, your eloquence is really good, and your heart is really ruthless. You're so good at scheming and breaking things off. You're truly amazing."

Qin Sheng took a deep breath and suppressed the palpitations in his heart. He looked at the silent dragons around him, as well as the respectful Long Xu, and said indifferently, "First, you give me a huge bargaining chip. This chip is so huge that no one can ignore it. Anyone would be moved by it. Then, you increase the stakes further, inject a shot of Heart Strengthening Needle, and break down my psychological defense. Finally, you cleverly use words to threaten me. You say friendship, but you are actually trying to express the opposite."

“What you want to tell me is that if I continue to pursue this matter, not only will I not be able to obtain that heaven-shaking apology, but I will also become the enemy of the race behind you. And all of you represent almost all of the branches of the Dragon Clan. Other than the Golden Dragon Clan of the Dragon Emperor’s bloodline, most likely all of you will participate. In other words, if I don’t give up on my hatred, it will be equivalent to offending the entire Dragon Clan. In the future, not only will it be difficult for me to take even a single step on the Dragon Island, but the identity of the Dragon Lord will also be as worthless as dogshit. In fact, today’s events might even happen again, and I will face the assassination of every clan at any time, right?”

Long Xu frowned. He maintained his humble smile and said, "Lord Dragon Lord, you must be joking. We really want to ask for your forgiveness. Why would we threaten you? You are worrying too much!"

"We both know whether it's an oversight or not. It's fine as long as everyone knows!"

Qin Qin Sheng said, "We are not idiots, so there's no need to beat around the bush. You're right. There is no absolute good or evil in this world, nor is there absolute kindness or enmity. There is only eternal interest. As long as the price is right, good people can become evil people, and benefactors can become enemies. It's very laughable, but it's also very real."

Long Xu didn't say anything.

She realized that the wisdom she was so proud of was not enough.

She could not see through the man before her.

"Ding, congratulations on obtaining hidden trigger mission—humble apology. The White Dragon Race's Long Xu wishes to compensate you with twelve treasures from different branches of the Dragon Race, a set of level 30 Epic equipment (including weapons, armor, helmet, gloves, shoes, necklace, earrings, cloak, belt, and two rings), and a True Dragon Bloodline Pet Egg. Do you accept?"

At this moment.

The system's prompt suddenly sounded beside Qin Luo's ear.

Qin Luo suddenly stopped breathing, his heart twitching.

Damn it.

He really came?

Was it really such a fierce compensation?

What if I can't fucking refuse?

"Your terms of compensation are really tempting. Not only me, I'm afraid everyone here will be tempted even if they are used to seeing many treasures, right?"

All of the dragons fell silent.

Long Yin, who had a fiery temper and was very straightforward, even subconsciously nodded in agreement.

That's right!

The treasures given by more than ten branches of the dragon race!

Who wouldn't be tempted?

Gold coins and whatnot were secondary. Although Qin Sheng liked money, money was also the most useless. He could earn it anytime and anywhere, but skills books, treasures, equipment, and so on were different.

What kind of trash could the dragon collect?

Besides.

Even if the items in the treasure were common goods.

However, the additional compensation was a set of top-notch equipment and a dragon egg with the bloodline of a True Dragon. Who could f*cking reject that?

Although his equipment had not been completely destroyed, and there was still the good stuff of [Coiling Dragon Water], in a sense, his equipment had indeed been completely destroyed. This was because other than the Numinous Treasure, the other five, like the inner five, were basically all gone. It was truly tragic.

The Dragon Race was compensating for the best set of Epic equipment, which was a level 30 Second Stage Professional, with five Epic items inside and five Epic items outside. The Dragon Race even thoughtfully gave two rings because players could wear one on each hand.

Such a configuration.

Even Qin Sheng, the great dog, who could rely on the Starlight Miracle to mass produce good equipment, was moved.

Also…

The egg of a true dragon, this bloodline of a true dragon, when hatched, the minimum was Epic.

‘ Of course.’

He definitely couldn't compare to Xiaoxiao, but it didn't conflict with that.

Back then.

When Qin Luo Sheng activated the Pet System, the System had specially given him a reward: Permanent Pet Platform + 2, Summon Pet Battle + 1!

equivalent.

He could summon two pets to fight at the same time!

With the help of two true dragons, wouldn't that be like adding wings to a tiger?

————

Author’s Note: This is even the guarantee I owed yesterday. Currently, I’m still missing four chapters. I have something to do on Saturday, so I might not be able to write my story. I should be free on Sunday, so I should strive to pay back what I owe. What? I can’t? Then I’ll continue to owe!