Chapter 675: Broken Hope, Enraged Dragon Race (1)

“What?”

"This is impossible!"

"Why would Long Qing?"

"Who is this human?"

"The Weeping Soul Beast can even fight a giant dragon?"

"This is too exaggerated, I'm getting wet from watching it!"

"It seems that we have underestimated this ant. To be able to be favored by the Dragon God and personally bestow the [Dragon God Command] to become the Dragon Lord of the Dragon Clan and have an equal status with the Dragon Emperor, how could it be so simple?"

"It's too late to say anything now. We should have thought that he would be the first person to clear the Dragon God Hall and receive the approval of the Dragon God. How could he be as weak as we thought? The facts have proven that this human is not an ant. If not for the fact that he lacks time and has grown up, he would be far beyond our imagination."

"Did you record it? I feel like I'm going to make it big this time. If this video gets out, it will definitely attract attention!"

"Dragon Lord, you sent the son of the Earth Dragon King, Long Qing, flying? Did Ge Li see wrongly?"

"…"

Using an ant's body to shake a dragon's body.

This visual impact shocked everyone present.

In an instant.

Everyone who had been trembling in fear because of the confrontation between Qin Luo and Long Qing was now excited.

Regardless of whether it was the players, the hooded man or the summoned Green Dragon Gullis, all of them looked at Qin Sheng, who had created a miracle.

Still.

The difference in their positions caused everyone’s perception to be completely different.

The players from the Thunder Guild were filled with excitement and fear. Of course, the ones who were frightened were the Thunder Guild's management or loyalists, led by Young Master Thunder. The ones who were excited were the players who relied on this encirclement to film videos or send messages. From there, they earned a lot of money.

A group of dragons hidden under their hoods were furious and terrified.

They knew very well what it meant for Long Qing, who had high hopes, to be sent flying.

Meaning.

They might have been defeated and their plans were bankrupt.

Even the most conservative estimate was that they would continue to lose a member and sacrifice a companion.

Because.

Right now, just relying on Long Qing alone seemed to be unable to suppress the Dragon Lord that they had always looked down on.

They had to send at least one of them to complete the plan.

But.

Who would go?

This wasn’t a game. Once they left, they would definitely expose their identities. Everyone knew the consequences of exposing their identities, and they would undoubtedly die. Moreover, only one of them would die, and that was the best outcome. The worst case scenario would even implicate their clans and loved ones, causing them to suffer punishment together.

For a moment.

The hooded men fell silent. No one spoke.

None of the dragons wanted to take the lead.

She also placed all her hopes on Long Qing, hoping that he could bring a miracle and protect them who were still safe.

All of the Dragon Tribe cultivators had been completely vanquished, but one of them was in a completely different state of mind.

That was—Green Dragon Goliath.

He was completely stunned.

When he saw Long Qing baring his fangs and brandishing his claws, the direct descendant of the Earth Dragon King who possessed the bloodline of a True Dragon and whose strength had already reached the peak, the existence he had to look up to was actually sent flying???

Besides.

This was not just a simple rebound, it was also sent flying by a human that most dragons viewed as an ant. Not only did he fail to kill the enemy, but he was also heavily injured???

This…

It was a little sci-fi!

"Fortunately, the Lord of Stars is not sealed. I can still use the awakened BUG skills!"

Qin Luo heaved a huge sigh of relief. Looking at Long Qing who was sent flying by the Starlight Spirit Mirror, he felt a lingering fear in his heart.

Who knew what he had just experienced?

A ferocious and terrifying dragon charged over with the might of Mount Tai. Its might and killing intent were terrifying to the extreme.

If it wasn't for the awakening of the True Dragon Bloodline in his body and the level of his bloodline being higher than Long Qing's, it would be difficult for him to resist the overwhelming might of the dragon.

Fortunately.

Everything was still under control.

So what if it was Long Qing?

Under the ultimate talent of a SSS-rank, what was it compared to a bug-like ability?

He was just a level 20 ant. Apart from newbie clothing, he had nothing else on him!

Long Qing was a Level 100 big shot with the body of a True Dragon, bloodline of a True Dragon, power of a True Dragon, and so on!

One stood on the spot and defended passively.

One of them fell from the sky, and with the help of gravity, it crashed down like the sky was falling.

When the two were compared, it was an absolute suppression.

But.

In the end, Qin Luo still won.

The Lords of the Stars were just that awesome!

"Stop daydreaming and get to work!"

Qin Sheng frowned as he glanced at Goliath, who had lost his wits.

"Ah? Oh! Alright, Lord Dragon Lord!"

Gelis replied respectfully.

This time, he was extremely respectful.

Although Gelis had been very humble and respectful just now, it was not Qin Luo who was respectful, but his identity as the Dragon Lord.

But it was different now.

After a beautiful reversal from Qin Luo, Long Qing, the existence that Gelis usually looked up to, was sent flying with a single strike and even heavily injured. He, who had always respected the strong, had completely changed his attitude.

"Ang… damn brat, I'm going to swallow you whole!"

Below, Qin Luo and Goliath were still playing the "Name List" game. Long Qing, who had been sent flying, managed to stop himself with great difficulty. Sensing that his body, which had been severely injured at this moment, was dripping with dragon blood and his dragon scales were damaged, his True Dragon body, which he had always been proud of, actually showed signs of crumbling, he was instantly enraged.

"Lord Dragon Lord…"

Originally, there were only a dozen hooded men and a dozen or so dragons. Gelis had already exposed half of them earlier. Now that the biggest obstacle, Long Qing, had been driven away, in this period of time, all the details of the dragon race present had been thoroughly transmitted to Qin Luo's ears.

"Very good!"

Qin Sheng was very satisfied that he had completely grasped the information of the traitor who had surrounded and killed him. He glanced at Long Qing, who had regrouped and had become even fiercer than before due to his injuries and blow. Although Qin Sheng had no way to deal with him and could only wait for death, his heart was calm and his face was expressionless. He did not care about his own life at all.

"Gelis, you've seen it too. This group of disgraceful people actually dared to set a trap to kill me."

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Ge Lisi's eyes that were like emeralds and said seriously, "I'm someone favored by the Dragon God. I passed the final trial of the Dragon God Hall and obtained the Dragon God's Imperial Order, becoming the Dragon Lord who has a similar status to your Dragon Emperor. Assassinating me means disrespecting the Dragon God and offending your superior. As a dragon, you should know what crime this is, right?"