Chapter 673: Green Dragon Gullis

"I've followed your summons, Lord Dragon Lord!"

From the summoning array, a lizard dragon that looked like a gem flew out.

That's right.

What he summoned was a lizard dragon, not a true dragon like Long Zhan and Long Qing.

Lizard dragon.

Its appearance was attractive. It had a pair of wings on its ribs and strong limbs. It was a secondary dragon born from the crossbreeding of a True Dragon and other creatures. The dragon blood in its body was quite good. Although it was mixed, it could be considered a direct descendant of the dragon race, just like the lineal son and bastard son.

Among the dragons.

This type of sub-dragon was considered quite good. The purity of their bloodline was not very low.

‘ Of course.’

This was only referring to the first generation, which was the mixed blood of True Dragons and other creatures. As for the second generation True Dragons like the Lizard Dragons, their bloodlines would weaken further when they were born in the third generation with other non-dragon creatures. In the end, they basically did not contain any dragon blood and became the lowest level type of Dragonform creatures, such as pythons, snakes, eels. They could only rely on postnatal cultivation to evolve their bloodlines or rely on lucky chances to reawaken their dragon blood.

[Green Dragon Gullis (Ancient BOSS)]

Level: 35

Health: 6800000

Mana: 2500000

Physical Attack: 35,000

Magic Attack: 18,000

Physical Defense: 7,500

Magic Defense: 5000

Speed: 8000

Skills:???

Introduction: Gullis, Green Dragon, is born with abundant magic power. Awakened wood attribute, is close to nature, loves life, belongs to the peaceful neutral faction, and belongs to the Dragon Race's logistics and medical team. His character is mild, but the purity of the dragon blood in his body is extremely high, second only to the True Dragon's sub-dragon bloodline. He does not like to cultivate, but his strength is not weak. His performance on the battlefield is the most stable support, which can ensure that his teammates have no worries!

Qin Luo Sheng looked at the dragon he had summoned and was very satisfied.

According to the summoning formula, this was indeed the case.

Originally, it was supposed to summon an Ancient BOSS at least level 50.

Yet.

After being killed more than ten times, his level dropped more than ten times, and now he was only level 20. In this state, the Summoning Job-Change + 1 naturally went from level 50 to level 30 to level 2, only level 35!

The level was quite normal!

Still.

This Green Dragon Goliath actually had the strength of an Epic, which was somewhat beyond Qin Luo's expectations.

Due to the shockwaves from the battle between Naga God and Dragon Battle, he died twice again. Super Red Name Explosion, once again dropped the random equipment and props he picked up.

In other words…

Without any equipment to support him, he only had a few bound equipment on him. Did the system evaluate his strength as Gold?

The current strength that he summoned was + 1, and what he summoned was an Epic. Wasn't it because he believed that his combat power was equivalent to gold!

“Green Dragon Tribe’s Gelis, please give me your instructions!”

Even though he had great strength, Gelis was indeed worthy of being a green dragon. He was peace-loving and belonged to the neutral faction. Towards this so-called dragon lord who was only human, he was extremely respectful, unlike Long Zhan's group of thorough racists.

“Hello, Goliath!”

Qin Sheng naturally wouldn't put on airs when the other party gave him face.

Relying on the Dragon God Command and the Dragon Lord's identity, Qin Sheng could indeed be high and mighty.

However, if that was the case, even if this Green Dragon Goliath would listen to him, he would only show it on the surface. Once he did not put in any effort, his only method of winning would be completely gone, and he would really be finished.

“Grace, why is it you?”

Qin Luo Sheng had just expressed his intent and was about to get down to business when Long Qing, who had just recovered from the shock of the dragon's might, suddenly interrupted him.

Long Qing's eyes almost popped out when he saw Ge Li's huge body. His tone was filled with shock and his eyes were filled with disbelief.

“Lord Long Qing, why are you here?”

Gelis also lowered his head curiously, looking at the hooded Long Qing with some doubt. However, he, who had always belonged to the neutral faction, had long been used to not meddling in other people’s business. It was just that Long Qing’s status and strength were far above his, and he also had the True Dragon bloodline of his father. Regarding this, he greeted him extremely respectfully as usual.

Long Qing:…

Damn!

Don't spout nonsense!

I'm not Long Qing!

You've got the wrong person. No, you've got the wrong dragon!

Long Qing panicked.

He wanted to speak, to contradict, to deny.

But.

When he saw the half-smile on Qin Sheng's face, his heart was filled with bitterness and his face was twisted beyond recognition.

Too careless!

Could it be…

Was this the backstab from justice?

Grace.

Look at your thick eyebrows and big eyes, I didn't expect you to be a 'traitor'. You betrayed me!

"How unjust!"

A trace of grievance and helplessness instantly arose in Long Qing’s heart.

First, the Heavenly Deceit Talisman was absolutely hidden. Now, he had used the Chaotic Talisman to suppress the pride and dignity of the dragon race in his heart. He had used all of his tricks and carefully hid himself like a rat that he despised the most. Only then did he manage to conceal his identity.

But.

What was the point of all this?

He had been exposed.

Countless plans.

He had never expected that he would fall into the trap of his' own people '.

I feel like throwing up.

"So, your name is Long Qing. Good name, the pillar of the Dragon race."

Qin Luo Sheng sneered. "It's a pity that after today, your pillar of the dragon race will most likely collapse. Moreover, not only will you collapse, but this collapse will also endanger many of your accomplices. How wonderful!"

Long Qing's face darkened.

Only Gelis's mind was filled with question marks. He had no idea what the two big shots were talking about. He could understand what they were talking about, but he did not understand what they meant at all!

“Gelis, I’ll have to trouble you to use your perception ability to sense the ten or so of your fellow clansmen on the other side and tell me their race and names!”

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were filled with ferocity as he ignored the currently dazed Long Qing, who had a dull look on his face. He pointed to the opposite side of the plank road and ordered loudly.

"Yes, Lord Dragon Lord!"

Even though he didn’t know why, Gris chose to accept the order.

“Felix, no!”

When Long Qing heard Qin Sheng's words, his entire body quivered and he was shocked as he hurriedly shouted to stop him.

"???"

Gelis was once again filled with questions.

Even though he hesitated subconsciously, he could not retract his senses that had already spread out.

As a logistics team, they cultivated the power of wood, which was also known as life magic. They were very sensitive to auras and energy. In an instant, they detected information about their own kind.

If it were any other race, they would definitely not be so awesome.

But.

The hooded figures were of the same race as him. They were also of the dragon race, and their auras were very familiar. Not only were they famous people, but they were also people he was familiar with and had seen countless times.

Like this.

How could he not recognize it?

Qin Luo Sheng's mission.

It was completed in an instant.