Chapter 676: Broken Hope, Enraged Dragon Race (2)

"What? Assassinate you? They, they dare?"

Gelis suddenly widened his eyes and said with a look of horror and anger, "These bastards actually violated the iron rule of our dragon race that cannot be violated. Even the Dragon God is disrespectful. What exactly do they want to do? High treason, high treason!"

"I already have some evidence in my hands!" Qin Sheng did not seem to have seen Gelis's anger. He only muttered to himself and then asked him, "What about you? What method do you have to let me have real evidence? You must know that those guys are all hidden in the hood now. Even if I know who they are, once they deny it, I can't do anything to them."

"Yes! Yes!"

Gelis hurriedly nodded. In the face of this seemingly very weak and extremely weak perception, but his true combat power was able to send a hundred Long Qing, who he could not defeat, flying with a single blow and heavily injuring them. Furthermore, his identity was a terrifying existence of the Dragon Lord, so he did not dare to act rashly.

"My green dragon race's perception is not the strongest among the dragon race, but it is still ranked at the top. I have already used a secret technique to 'imprint' everything that happened here. This is ironclad evidence."

“Even though those traitors hid their identities, their auras and bloodline fluctuations couldn’t be hidden from us. As long as I shared the ‘imprinted’ memories, their identities would naturally be seen through by other clansmen. At that time, there would be no way to deny it.”

Imprint?

Qin Qin Sheng was somewhat taken aback.

From what Gelis said, could this thing be a recording of the alternate realms?

Interesting!

Besides.

Great.

Qin Luo Sheng had also recorded a video long ago, but he did not know if the dragon race would recognize his video.

Now.

With Gelis’ assurance and the so-called “seal” ironclad evidence, Qin Sheng was completely at ease.

Since there was solid evidence, none of these bastards could escape.

"Very good!"

Qin Luo Sheng praised, "Gelis, you've done a great service. Three days later, when I head to the Dragon Island's Terrifying Dragon Stage for the appointment, I'll reward you properly! Now, give me a copy of your 'imprint' and then return to Dragon Island on your own to spread this matter. This is the best protection for you, do you understand?"

"Yes, Lord Dragon Lord!"

Gelis obediently obeyed the order. A green light was released from his eyes and landed on Qin Sheng.

Ding… Green Dragon Goliath wishes to share a 'Imprint' with you. Do you accept? '

"Accept!"

In an instant.

A video from Gelis's first view became Qin Luo's collection.

"Alright, your mission is complete. Let's go!"

Qin Luo Sheng waved his hand. Looking at Long Qing who was about to arrive in front of him from the sky, he instantly removed the Dragon God Command.

"Lord Dragon Lord, take care!"

Gelis gave Qin Sheng a deep look and agreed to remove the summoning. He was no fool and naturally understood Qin Sheng's intentions. He also knew what the words "best protection" meant.

Attacking the Dragon Lord!

This was not a plan that these clansmen dared to carry out!

There must be someone important backing them up!

All of the people present had extraordinary statuses. Above them were the true higher-ups of the Dragon Clan, and even the decision-makers. For example, the Dragon Kings of various clans, the elders, the hall masters…

Once this matter was completely exposed, no one knew what would happen in the end!

But.

There was no turning back.

Three days later, the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Arena would begin. It was also the day of reckoning.

In these three years, he was just a small green dragon with an inferior dragon bloodline. How could he live under the scrutiny of those hidden masterminds?

Giving the Lord Dragon Lord a "seal" was firstly because the Lord Dragon Lord didn't trust him completely, so he needed to control the ironclad evidence himself. Secondly, giving this "seal" ironclad evidence was also a form of protection for him in disguise. After all, "seal" wasn't just a copy in his hands. Even if he killed him, he wouldn't be able to prevent such a scandal from being exposed.

Besides.

The moment he returned, he had to make a big fuss about today's matter. The bigger the commotion, the better.

Only by exposing himself to the eyes of all his clansmen would certain people not dare to act rashly. Otherwise, there would be no need for the Dragon Lord to come and settle the score, nor would there be any need for ironclad evidence to be exposed. Whoever made a move would be the mastermind!

"Ge… Li… Si, don't even think about running!"

Seeing Goliath's body slowly disappearing, Long Qing was shocked and angry.

He knew very well that once Goliath left the battlefield and successfully returned to Dragon Island, something terrible would happen.

When the time came.

Not to mention him and his companions who had yet to be exposed, even the mastermind behind them would not be able to escape.

Other things might thunder and rain.

Disrespecting the Dragon God was an iron rule that the dragon race could not violate. It was ranked first in the taboo.

After offending them, not to mention the mastermind behind them, even if the Dragon Emperor wanted to protect them, he would not dare or have the ability to do so.

After all.

The Dragon God was the origin of the dragons, the faith of all dragons.

As for the other clansmen, whether they were from the neutral faction or the enemy faction, or even their own faction, there were many who wanted to tear them apart. There were also many stubborn old fellows who had already gone into seclusion or secluded themselves. They would definitely consign them to eternal damnation, never to be able to recover.

Why was he so ruthless?

Other than the extreme anger from having their beliefs and ancestors blasphemed, it was more because this case could not be opened!

If they could even blaspheme the origin of their ancestors and worship God, they could comply openly but disobey in secret, and they could not be disrespectful, then—

Was there still a need for this race to exist?

Would the Dragon God still protect them?

If they let him off easily this time, they would definitely use this example as an example. At that time, if they violated this rule again, would they still have the qualifications to punish him?

"No!!!!"

Qin Sheng, who had no power to resist the impact of Long Qing's enormous dragon body, died on the spot.

Yet.

Too late.

Gelis had disappeared.

"It's over, we're completely finished!"

On the other side of the plankway, more than ten hooded men trembled uncontrollably. Some were so frightened that they fell to the ground, their hearts sinking into despair.

"Hahahaha…"

It corresponded to another death and another resurrection of Qin Sheng. He walked out of the resurrection point with a big smile. Looking at Long Qing, who was tens of meters long and had a mighty dragon aura, he was not afraid at all. Instead, he was extremely arrogant. "What a pity! It seems like you dirty rats are going to be buried with me! Hmm… not only you, but also the mastermind behind you, as well as your clansmen and relatives. Tsk tsk tsk, none of you can escape!"

"Kill him! I want to kill him!"

His mocking words made all the dragons present turn red.

The dragons, whose hopes had been shattered, were no longer hiding their identities. They took off their hoods and revealed their true bodies.

In an instant.

More than a dozen dragons of different colors soared into the sky as boundless dragon might filled the entire world.

“Weeping Soul Beast, we will tear your soul apart and burn your bones to ashes!”

The dragons were completely enraged!