Chapter 670: Desperate Situation

"Ding… Due to the influence of your pet's small unknown bloodline, it has broken through the barrier. The bloodline sealing array has lost its effect, and your True Dragon bloodline can be revived!"

He had recovered!

You finally f*cking gave me good news!

Tears welled up in Qin Luo's eyes.

Even if this wasn't the most crucial part of breaking the sealing formation and allowing the technique to recover, it was still a good start, right?

"How… how is this possible?"

The first person to sense the awakening of his bloodline was not Qin Sheng himself, but Long Qing, the hooded man before him.

For a race that respected bloodlines, their sensitivity to bloodlines was extremely strong.

Bloodline suppression was no joke.

Even though Qin Luo's true dragon blood was not pure and was formed after birth, mainly due to the blood of humans being revered, under such close contact, how could the standard bloodline strength of the Dragon God's blood be compared to that of an ordinary dragon? His entire body stiffened on the spot from the shock, his blood and qi stagnated. He could not help but want to kneel on the ground and kowtow.

"Xiaoxiao, are you behind this?"

Qin Qin Sheng was overjoyed to see this.

Qin Sheng did not think that he could cause such an impact. The only explanation was that the Dragon God's treasure was extremely mysterious and even the Dragon Emperor could not tell what it was.

"I burned my bloodline power and broke the seal, but I could only do this much."

Xiaoxiao said, "I've exhausted my source energy and am about to fall into a deep sleep. Next, it's up to you!"

"Rest well!"

Qin Qin Sheng hurriedly said, "You've done enough. Leave the rest to me. Don't worry!"

“What’s going on? This terrifying bloodline suppression!?”

As he fell into a small slumber, the suppression force that lingered around Long Qing also dissipated in an instant. He looked at Qin Luo with fear and alarm. When he thought of the legend regarding Qin Luo Sheng, he could not help but cry out, "Lord Dragon God? Could this be the aura of Lord Dragon God?"

"What a joke!"

Qin Sheng was not surprised to see that Long Qing could not differentiate between the Dragon God aura and bloodline.

The Dragon God was an existence from the Ancient Era, an active period. It had been who knew how many years since then, and he had long stopped asking questions.

The only place that had a direct relationship with the Dragon God was the Dragon God Temple. However, even the Dragon Emperor could not enter that place at will, let alone other dragon clansmen.

Long Qing apologized.

It was understandable.

After all.

He was not a nobody.

As an expert of the Dragon Clan, it could be said that he was very knowledgeable, but even he, even when he was with the Dragon Monarch, did not feel such a terrifying bloodline suppression. If that was the case, who else could it be other than the legendary Dragon God who created the Dragon Clan?

Plus.

Qin Luo Sheng had a great relationship with the Dragon God. This fellow had entered the Dragon God Hall before and passed the Dragon God's test. Furthermore, he was the first cultivator to pass the test perfectly in so many years since the birth of the Dragon God Hall, especially a human.

Who didn't know?

Back then.

The will of the Dragon God descended.

The high ranking members of the Dragon Palace had all personally witnessed the Dragon Emperor accept the order and respectfully head to the Dragon God Hall to fetch Qin Sheng, who had passed the trial, out of the Dragon Palace.

This way…

How could Long Qing not think the wrong way?

"You know that it's the will of the Dragon God, yet you dare to act so insolently?"

Qin Luo roared furiously.

His voice was like thunder and it made Long Qing's face turn extremely pale.

“I—I—”

Long Qing's words started to twitch.

As a dragon, he had been instilled with the supreme ideology of the Dragon God since he was young. Even though he had never seen the Dragon God due to the passage of time, his reverence for him had never weakened.

After all.

This world was not the real world. Believing in gods was not only for the comfort of the heart.

Because.

God.

It really existed!

How many years had it been since the Dragon God showed his miracle? Just a month ago, his will descended to prove that he was still alive.

At this moment.

They were a group of audacious fellows, yet they actually dared to encircle and kill the person favored by the Dragon God. This was a great disrespect, and once it was exposed, even he would be unable to predict the consequences.

For the sake of this plan, they precisely planned for a month, using countless secret treasures, even going to the treasuries of various clans, selecting quite a few treasures to deal with today’s situation.

Unfortunately.

In the end, no matter how much he schemed, he was still inferior to the heavens.

This mission that he originally thought was almost guaranteed, now, not only did Long Zhan, this leading big brother, fall, even he, Long Qing, had no choice but to take the risk of being recognized and come out to stop them.

Yet.

He had yet to make a move when the Dragon God's aura appeared and the Dragon God's bloodline was suppressed.

Instantly.

Long Qing's heart turned cold.

If the Dragon God discovered this matter, what was the point of their plan?

"No, this is not Lord Dragon God's aura!"

Just as he was about to give up, Long Qing suddenly recalled the scene and his body trembled.

"It can't be wrong, it can't be wrong. It's not Lord Dragon God, it's really not him!"

Long Qing appeared crazy as he muttered like a mad dog.

"I know, I know."

After all, he was a big shot. His brain worked very quickly, and he figured out the crux of the matter in an instant. His tone was strange, and it sounded like he was crying and laughing as he shouted, "This is the aura of the Dragon God's treasure. The aura of the dragon egg incubated by the Dragon God left behind by the Dragon God is not the aura of the Dragon God. When the Dragon God's will descended, I sensed his aura before. It's not like this, it's not the same aura as before. You can't deceive me, you can't deceive me."

Tsk!

Qin Luo Sheng curled his lips in disdain.

Tsk!

Was he discovered so quickly?

She had yet to play a proper card, but it had instantly become a useless one.

This is quite interesting!

Still.

That didn't matter anymore.

Anyway.

The current situation had already been determined.

Him.

Ten deaths.

Not to mention that there were a dozen hooded men over there, representing more than a dozen dragons, who were eyeing him covetously. They would never let him escape Furious Bears Ridge. No matter how hard he tried, or how close he was to success, it was the same.

For the first time, Long Qing used the Heavenly Deceit Talisman to turn into a “smile” to stop them!

The second time, Long Zhan personally attacked to contend against the Naga God!

This was the third time Long Qing had attacked and blocked in front of him.

Qin Qin Sheng understood.

Even if he broke through Long Qing's blockade now, as long as he wanted to escape from the range of the sealing array, those damned hoodlums would risk exposing themselves and dying to stop him.

There was no hope.

Under the constant attention of more than ten dragons, he really had no hope of escaping.

To that.

Qin Luo also accepted his fate.

It was not that he wanted to be passive, but he was truly helpless.

Still.

They could not escape, but if they were to perish together, the conditions were already ￥!