Chapter 679: I… Refuse!

"Should we reconsider?"

Some of the dragons were heartbroken. Their eyes were red and they couldn't bear to part with him. They wanted to persuade Long Xu not to set the conditions too high. However, when they saw Long Xu's cold gaze, they swallowed the words that were about to leave their mouths.

His heart was bleeding, and he felt bitter.

But so what?

He could only swallow it down.

It was already a good thing to compensate for the disaster.

If he did not know what was good for him and wanted to reduce the compensation, if he angered the other party and the negotiation broke down, wouldn't that be an eternal sin?

At that time.

Not to mention Qin Sheng, who hated him to the core and wanted to kill him, he had already been destroyed by his companions who had been in utter despair because of him.

"But I really can't bear to!"

This was a principle that everyone understood.

But even if he knew, whether he could do it was another matter.

Even they themselves could not resist such temptation.

They were dragons, dragons!

Everyone knew that.

The dragons had always liked shiny things. Gold coins were one of them.

Still.

They had the same thoughts as Qin Sheng. Gold coins were just secondary.

After all.

They, who had lived in this world since they were young, knew far more than Qin Sheng. They understood the cruelty of the world. Without strength, even if you were given endless mountains of gold and silver, you would not be able to protect them. But if you had strength, you would be able to have more gold coins and more things you wanted.

Qin Qin Sheng might not know, but how could they not know?

The treasures of the other branches might not be suitable for their race, but there might be something suitable for them that could allow them to learn from the other branches and improve their strength!

"Lord Dragon Lord, what do you think?"

Seeing that Qin Luo had yet to reply, Long Xu couldn't help but add.

Even though his words were respectful and there was nothing wrong with his tone, it was clear that this was an ultimatum!

They couldn't afford it.

Likewise.

Qin Qin Sheng could not afford it either.

After all.

Right now, he was still surrounded by them. It would be too much to say that they were surrounding him. Any one of them would be able to turn him around violently.

If not for the name of the Dragon Lord, if not for their connections, how could these rabid racists be so easy to talk to and even offer an indescribable compensation?

Yet.

If he wanted to make use of this opportunity, it would be too ridiculous.

In the end, it was still the same saying. Whoever had the bigger fist would control the truth.

Obviously.

Qin Qin Sheng's fist was not big, so the truth was not in his hands.

The reason why things had turned out this way was not because of Qin Luo, nor was it because of his identity as the Dragon Lord, nor was it because of his strength or potential, but because he was a fox exploiting the tiger's might!

The existence of the Dragon God made these guys not dare to act rashly.

Assassination was possible!

But if his identity was exposed, then he would be sorry!

He had committed a crime that he already knew the answer to.

The previous Naga God had caught this group of dragons, who thought that it was almost certain, off guard. For this, Long Zhan, who had led this operation plan, was already gone.

Now that the bloodline seal had been broken, the [Dragon God Command] summoned the Green Dragon Goliath and successfully exposed them, bringing their crimes back to Dragon Island.

In other words.

The unforgivable crimes committed by these idiots were about to be known by everyone. More accurately, it should be known by all.

At that time.

They had violated the number one iron rule of the Dragon Race. Their only hope was the Dragon Lord, who they were unconvinced by and was still violently slaughtering the human ant a second ago.

As long as the victim did not pursue the matter, coupled with the fact that this matter indeed had a wide range of implications, once they thoroughly investigated it, it was very likely to cause a great earthquake in the dragon race. Their strength would decline and they would be taken advantage of by the enemies of the dragon race.

So.

No matter which camp they were in, as long as it was a dragon of the dragon race, they would definitely not wish for anything to happen and greatly weaken the strength of the dragon race. Even the most furious Dragon Emperor, even if he was unhappy that his subordinates dared to stir up trouble behind his back, for the sake of the reward of the dragon race, he would definitely pinch his nose and endure it, choosing to turn a blind eye and end this matter as soon as possible.

Unfortunately.

Right now, they weren't the ones in control. It was Qin Sheng, and it wasn't the dragons who could do whatever they wanted.

Because.

Qin Luo Sheng was the victim.

Besides.

Qin Luo Sheng was not an easy person to get rid of. It was impossible to use power to suppress him and dirty methods to cover him up.

The only thing he could do was make Qin Luo give up on pursuing the matter.

This way…

Even if the dragon race could not completely cover up this matter, they could not cover up this matter. They must definitely punish them to warn their descendants and also give the Dragon God an explanation.

However…

The punishment was only to punish these idiots who were exposed. It would not implicate more clansmen because of them. This was already the best outcome.

Except.

The only problem was, would their Lord Dragon Lord agree to receive compensation and give up on pursuing the matter?

"I have to say that your offer is really hard to reject. Even a country would be tempted by it!"

Qin Sheng said.

All the dragons smiled upon hearing that.

They laughed, proudly.

That's right.

Their dragon race was so rich.

The former overlord of the world had a very deep heritage. Even if they gave up their position as overlord, the power and strength of the Dragon race was not bad. They were firmly ranked in the top three and had never wavered.

These treasures seemed to be a lot, but to the dragon race, they were nothing.

Besides.

This was given by more than ten branches at the same time, so the consumption was even less.

"What does he want to say? Is this compensation not enough to satisfy him?"

The other dragons would definitely have no problem judging others by their own standards. However, only Long Xu, who was extremely intelligent and was one of the best among the younger generation of the White Dragon Tribe who played the role of military advisor among the dragons, had a bad premonition as he looked at Qin Luo's expression and his serene and deep eyes.

"However, I refuse!"

Long Xu's worry had come true. She listened in horror as the ant-like human rejected her firmly. Her mind went blank and her heart was in a mess.

"To be honest, in this world, other than strength, strength is everything. While following the law of the jungle, it is also the only benefit. In the face of absolute benefits, the so-called good and evil, the so-called kindness and enmity, even the so-called kinship, love, friendship, and so on are all not tested."

Ignoring all the different expressions of the dragon race, Qin Sheng remained calm and unruffled, as if he did not care about the upcoming bitter hell. He continued, "Unfortunately, in this vast world, there will always be two hopelessly stupid fools, and I may be such a person. So, I… refuse!"