Chapter 689: The End! Qin Luo Slaying The Dragon (1)

"Do you know? The biggest mistake you all made was not killing me as soon as possible! In order to vent your anger, you deliberately left me behind to torture me. In order to satisfy your stupidity for a moment, it will become your death warrant and burn you all to ashes."

In the face of the menacing Long Yin, Qin Sheng sneered. "Arrogance, jealousy, anger, laziness, greed, gluttony, and lust are the Seven Deadly Sins! Besides laziness, gluttony, and lust, the other four sins are too abrupt!"

"You guys had two chances, two chances to turn the tide and become the heroes of the dragon race. Unfortunately, you guys didn't grab any of them!"

Qin Luo Sheng's body swayed and turned into a shadow, easily escaping into the ground and evading Long Yin's fatal attack.

“Your first chance. You lost yourselves in anger and jealousy.”

"You are angry that a mere human has become the Dragon Lord who is on equal footing with the Dragon Emperor. You have become an existence that you have to look up to and respect, and you are unhappy because of this."

“You’re also jealous that I’m favored by the Dragon God. Not only was I bestowed the Imperial Order of the Dragon God, but I was also bestowed with the blood of the Dragon God, which helped me awaken my true dragon bloodline, an extremely pure true dragon bloodline. In this way, I’ve ascended to the heavens in a single bound. My followers have also leaped from a mere ordinary human to a level that you might never reach in your lifetime.”

"Anger and jealousy bred violent killing intent and endless evil tendencies, which led to this assassination plan. Your goal was achieved, and your plan succeeded. Unfortunately, you did not escape the trial of the Seven Deadly Sins. In order to vent the evil tendencies in your hearts, you did not kill me immediately, but instead tortured me crazily."

"This is your first fatal mistake and your first lost opportunity!"

Ang…

Qin Sheng, who had relied on his Shadow Escape technique to hide in Long Yan's shadow, slowly let out a calm voice. When it entered Long Yan's ears, it caused him to let out waves of dragon roars.

Except.

No matter what methods he used, no matter what abilities he used, he could not drag Qin Sheng out of his own shadow. He could only stare fixedly at Qin Sheng as he escaped.

“A second chance, given up by arrogance.”

"If you had attacked me the moment the reinforcements arrived and destroyed my True Spirit, everything could have been salvaged. The situation would still be the same as before. We would have perished together."

“It’s a pity that your arrogance caused you to give up on this last chance. In order to deal with the Rose Knight Squad and to make Luo Li hesitate to shoot the rat for fear of breaking the vases, not only did you not get rid of me, this time bomb, you even used me as a shield.”

"Tsk, how foolish!"

"Kill me and everything will be over. However, as intelligent as you are, you can't understand this logic at all. Or perhaps you've figured it out but you don't care. It's because you're proud dragons. Your arrogance makes you think that everything is under control. As a result, things have deviated from the expected trajectory. I, an ant that should have been at your mercy, have instantly become a terrifying bomb that can destroy you, the mastermind behind you, and even annihilate the dragons!"

Every sentence.

Every word.

Qin Luo Sheng's words were like a demon's voice piercing through Long Yin's ears. They surged into Long Yin's ears like a steel knife and stabbed deeply into Long Yin's heart. At the same time, they pierced into Long Xu's heart and into the hearts of the few remaining dragons.

Fresh blood.

"Come out! Come out! Come out if you have the guts!"

It was one thing for Long Xu and the others, but even their last resort's dragon pearl had been shattered. They were already on the countdown to death. However, Long Yin was different. He still bore the last hope.

He was irritable!

He was furious!

His eyes were bleeding!

He roared continuously!

He was afraid!

He was crazy!

Although Long Yin was unwilling to believe these nonsense, his heart was clear and he could not deceive himself.

Now.

Their lives were no longer important. The most important thing was how to protect the mastermind behind the plan and provide help to protect their clansmen and relatives. They did not even want to implicate the entire Dragon clan because of their actions…

"Get out! Get out!"

Under the enormous pressure, even an existence like Long Yin, who had been on the battlefield before, was instantly crushed by the pressure. His entire person completely collapsed as he screamed and roared like a mad dog.

In his rage,

Long Yan began to dance indiscriminately!

In an instant.

Dragon's might surged, dragon's breath sprayed out, dragon claws danced wildly, causing the entire Furious Bears Mountain Ridge to shake. Countless monsters of the Furious Bears Mountain Ridge were shaken to death, and the place where Qin Sheng, who had received special attention, was dug up three feet into the ground. Rocks and dust flew everywhere.

"Don't waste your energy. I'm not underground, but inside your shadow. When you have the ability to hurt your shadow, you can vent your anger!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was cold as he sneered, "Oh right, by the way, you guys have a third fatal mistake, which is to remove the sealing formation. This thing is a double-edged sword. It's true that I've freed you guys, but at the same time, I've also freed myself because of this! Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to use my skills to hide in a shadow that you can never catch. Are you angry?"

Long Yin:…

"Arrogance makes you short-sighted, makes you unable to see your own self clearly, and infinitely belittle others. Perhaps you have forgotten that I am the first person to pass the Dragon God Trial. If I don't have any ability, can I do it? Do you really think that I am the iron trash you know, that you don't even have a trump card to see?"

Hearing these words, Long Yin became even more irritable.

However, the one with the greatest emotional fluctuation was Long Xu, who was not far away. He had already been bound by the Dragon Binding Ropes and had closed his eyes in pain.

She was wrong!

Or rather…

They were all wrong.

Weeping Soul, who had originally thought that this plan was flawless, who had thought that he had already been highly regarded, who had thought that everything was under control…

In the end.

Nothing!

The flawless plan had collapsed!

The Weeping Soul Beast, who was highly regarded, was extremely underestimated!

Everything was under his control. It was even more ridiculous!

"I will kill you, kill you, kill you…"

Words of "truth" completely destroyed Long Yin's psychological defense, drowning him in anger and turning him into an incompetent and furious beast. When he could not find the master, he began to destroy everything he could see.

"A mere small dragon dares to behave atrociously in the land of Great Xia. Die!"

A berserk true dragon had terrifying destructive power.

The Flying Bear Mountain, which originally had beautiful mountains and clear waters, instantly turned into a sea of fire under the violent and indiscriminate attack of Long Yan's fire dragon.

Seeing Long Yin behaving so atrociously,

Qin Luo Sheng's personal attendant, who had just sworn an oath to save face, was instantly enraged. With a wave of his sleeve, a formless astral qi burst forth and sent the berserk Long Yin flying, slamming heavily into the mountain of the Flying Bear Mountain.

Boom…