Chapter 680: The Furious World

"There are so many dragons!"

"What the f*ck happened? Did Weeping Soul Beast poke the dragon's nest? Was he being chased by so many dragons?"

"D * mn, the 'smile' from before felt that it wasn't simple. Then, the hooded man turned into a dragon. I knew that they were definitely all dragons."

"Brother, you're too late. Some big shots have already analyzed this conclusion."

"That's what I said. What kind of existence is Weeping Soul Beast? He's someone who can solo a Legendary Boss. How can he be beaten by an unknown player? If he's a real dragon, then there's no problem!"

"That's right, I think it's normal too. Even if they weren't at the scene, just based on this live broadcast and other miscellaneous videos, you can feel the terrifying pressure from every angle."

"Let me say this first. I'm not a fan of Weeping Souls. However, from today onwards, from now on, I'm a hardcore fan of his. Not for anything else, but for the courage of Weeping Souls' big boss. I've always been timid, so I admire those big bosses who have guts. If I ask myself honestly, if I were to face this lineup, I would definitely have nothing to say. 100% of them would have already pissed their pants."

"That's right! I have to admit that it's not unreasonable for him to have such great achievements! This courage, tsk tsk, who can compare to him? There are more than ten f*cking dragons, and all of them are full level LV100 Bosses. Being surrounded by this lineup, he can still remain calm and talk jovially. Really brother!"

"What the f*ck is this? An equal conversation is just a basic operation. Didn't you guys see that Weeping Soul Beast even sent that earth yellow dragon flying? Damn it, that's a dragon, a dragon that's tens of meters long. What the f*ck is this distance? I think I saw an ant throwing an elephant away. What kind of science fiction is this? What kind of fantasy is this? I can only shout: Weeping Soul Beast is awesome ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~"

"It's a pity that the miracle only lasted for a short while. There was only one operation just now, and the Soul Sobbing Boss was insta-killed. Now, there's no chance for more than ten dragons to attack at the same time."

"I don't care about the rest. I just want to know how the Thunder Guild managed to hook up with the dragon race? Isn't this too f*cking awesome? If it's related to the dragon race, wouldn't it be like going to heaven?"

"…"

The incident at Furious Bears Ridge was brewing.

With the continuous stream of videos being exposed, the entire world was like a pot of oil that had been added with water, exploding violently.

Official forums, Tieba, Weibo…

All the platforms had been completely massacred.

At this moment.

No matter who or what happened, unless Earth was destroyed, nothing could attract people's attention from the Furious Bears Ridge.

It exploded!

It really exploded!

Surrounding the incomparably mysterious First Man Weeping Soul Beast was already enough to attract everyone's attention.

Yet.

This encirclement was full of twists and turns.

Weeping Soul Beast was the first to launch an attack. He fought against 10,000 enemies alone and occupied one end of the plankway. He single-handedly blocked the pass. He violently killed more than 10,000 Thunder Guild players, causing blood to flow like rivers. People fell and horses were overturned. The IDs on their heads turned purple and black. It was as if a god of death had appeared in this world. People were slaughtered and reborn, scaring the timid players until they trembled.

Another mysterious player, 'Smile', appeared out of nowhere and smashed God of Massacre, Soul Shrieking, and Soul Explosion Hammers. With a pair of iron fists, he thrashed them crazily a dozen times, shocking the world.

At the same time.

The equipment that Weeping Soul Beast dropped were picked up by the lucky ones and spread out through video recordings and pictures, shocking the world.

And.

Weeping Soul Beast didn’t panic in the face of danger. After “smiling” for some unknown reason, it quickly picked up the equipment that had exploded nearby. In order to prevent it from dropping again, it used an extremely flashy method to hang them on the virtual trading platform.

This was the first time the stats and abilities of those equipment were revealed, especially when the only Strengthened equipment in the Destiny World + 10 Mythical Companion (Coiling Dragon Li Water) was beside it. Countless people looked at it and wetted it, then shocked the world's eyeballs.

Then…

Something unexpected happened.

Weeping Soul used a scroll to summon a terrifying existence that was dozens of meters tall, had a human body, a fish tail, and six arms. It was the same as the legendary fantasy race Naga. It killed thousands of people from the Thunder Union in one strike.

Just when everyone thought that Weeping Soul Beast would use the help of a powerful BOSS to escape and solve the siege problem, suddenly, a huge black dragon emerged from the hood of the group of people who were previously hidden and smiled mysteriously.

Black Dragon and Naga fought.

An incomparable feast of eyes and ears was thus revealed.

Yet.

Behind the extreme brilliance was endless killing intent.

In the battle between the two powerful BOSSes, Weeping Soul Beast died twice, causing the Thunder Guild's players to lose thousands of players once again. To be precise, thousands of Thunder Guild's players died again.

The battle ended.

The Black Dragon fell into the mountain stream of the Bear Mountain.

Naga disappeared, no longer able to help Weeping Soul.

Apparently.

Everything returned to the same place.

Still.

Weeping Soul had not given up.

He started moving again.

Except.

The "smile" just now, the hooded man suspected to be of the dragon race, moved again.

The intelligent netizens did not guess wrongly. That "smiling guy" finally could not hide his identity. He was really a dragon, an NPC, a powerful Boss!

This time there was no Naga to help.

Just when everyone thought that there was no way to reverse the situation, it ended.

Things changed again.

A huge summoning magic array appeared above Weeping Souls' head. Inside, a green dragon appeared. Unlike the dragons in the east, this dragon looked like a western lizard dragon.

But none of that mattered.

Most importantly, this lizard dragon belonged to the Weeping Soul Camp.

At this moment.

On the forums, players from the East and the West started fighting.

The reason?

Of course, it was because whether the Eastern dragon was stronger or the Western dragon was stronger, no one could convince the other!

It was a pity.

The gamers didn't get an answer.

After seeing the terrifying "standing and shaking the sky" and the explosive movements of ants throwing elephants,

In the end, the yellow True Dragon of the East and the green lizard dragon of the West did not fight.

Even under the suppression of the True Dragon, the Lizard Dragon trembled in fear and almost laid on the ground to express its submission. Those with discerning eyes could see it, but in the end, it did not showcase its combat strength. The Western players were not convinced by a real fight!

Fortunately.

The debate did not last long because the big event—was here!

Tens of dragons of different colors suddenly lifted their hoods and soared into the sky.

In an instant.

Dragon might surged, dragon roars resounded endlessly.

Weeping.

Once again, he was in a life-threatening situation. This time, he was in a life-or-death situation.

No one would think that Weeping Soul Beast would be able to turn the situation around.

Before.

He couldn't even defeat a "smiley face" transformed from a dragon, let alone a dozen dragons.

Just as everyone was in a state of ecstasy, cheering, depression, and sadness… While everyone was in a different state of mind, things that were already going through twists and turns actually turned around.

————

【删除】