Chapter 685: Rose Knights, Charge

"Be careful!"

Long Xu changed his calm attitude and shouted in alarm.

Yet.

Too late.

Roses bloom, devouring souls.

The Clam Dragon and the Wind Dragon that bore the brunt of the attack were instantly swept into the rose that contained boundless sword qi. Their faces were dazed, and they didn’t even have the consciousness to resist before they were instantly killed on the spot.

"A tiny pearl dares to compete with the bright moon?"

After slaying two True Dragons with a single sword, Luo Li, who had easily accomplished the feat of slaying a dragon, did not have any change in her expression as she coldly spat out, “You dare to invade the territory of my Human Clan with this bit of ability? Today, not a single one of you will be able to leave alive! Rose Knight Squad, attack!”

Hiss…

Hiss…

Hiss…

The Rose Knights rushed over from the back with cold expressions. They followed the direction of their regiment commander's sword and faced a dozen or so dragons with shocking auras. They didn't show any fear at all and rode their pegasi forward.

"Courting death!"

Seeing the ant-like humans charging over and treating them like soft persimmons, the dragons were instantly enraged.

"Even if I die today, I will drag you down with me!"

Extreme rage burned through his rationality.

The actions of the Rose Knight Legion, especially Luo Li’s action of killing two of their compatriots, caused Long Xu’s instructions to be completely thrown to the back of his mind. One by one, huge dragons burst forth with extreme dragon might and took out their strongest combat power to fight.

In an instant.

The entire sky was filled with resplendent light. Terrifying aftershocks of the battle descended, drowning out the trembling Thunder Union below.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Endless white light rose from the sky. No, it should be walking on the spot.

The resurrection point was on the same spot as Qin Sheng. It was set up on the Bear Mountain by the dragon clan.

Initially, he wanted to revive infinitely so that he could gather an unlimited number of troops to drag down the Weeping Soul Beast. However, he had now become his nightmare.

Dead, dead, dead, dead…

It was at least a rank four dragon and an elite human expert. How could a player who had just stepped into rank two or thirty be able to come into close contact with such a terrifying group battle?

The huge Thunder Union collapsed instantly.

There were over 10,000 people present here, and they’d been completely reduced to cannon fodder.

Infinite death!

Infinite revival!

She couldn't avoid it.

I can’t leave.

The entire Furious Bears Mountain Range had become a dead zone.

No matter how the players wailed and cursed in despair.

No matter how much Young Master Leiting roared in rage, or how much he cried, his mental state would collapse.

None of it helped.

The strong.

How could he change his will because of a weakling?

Besides.

Right now, both sides were engaged in a white-hot decisive battle. Unless one side died, there was no way to stop it.

"Stop, stop, or I'll kill him!"

Just as the battle was in full swing, a thunderous roar suddenly sounded, causing the entire battlefield to fall into a strange silence.

"Despicable and shameless!"

With a slight twist of her fair hand, the slender knight sword left two shallow sword marks on Long Xu’s flawless white dragon body. The sharp sword energy broke through the dragon scales, penetrated the dragon body, and slashed out the dragon blood…

Luo Li, who had already gained the upper hand, had two subordinates by her side assisting her. Just when she was about to step forward and kill Long Xu, Long Yin’s roar caused Luo Li to involuntarily turn her head over. Looking at Long Yin, who was in human form, holding his head and raising Qin Sheng, an ice-cold killing intent swept out. It was as if the heavens and earth were about to freeze.

"Put down the sword in your hand. Otherwise, I'll take this brat's life!"

Seeing that the elite human cavalry had stopped attacking, Long Yin let out a sigh of relief. He did not have the time to feel sad for his dead comrades. Looking at the seven dragons, including Long Xu, who were all injured, his rage instantly soared as he roared towards Luo Li, the culprit. “Put them down!”

"Captain, don't!"

Luo Li took a few deep breaths as she suppressed the surging killing intent. She clenched her fists tightly as she looked at Qin Sheng, who was covered in blood and had no spirit in his eyes. Although he was like a pile of rotten meat, he still had a breath left. She loosened her grip and was about to compromise.

"Putting down the sword is equivalent to giving up hope!"

At this moment, a golden-haired female stopped Luo Li. “Since things have come to this, we won’t rest until we’re dead. As the Commander, if you give up on resisting, how can we rest in peace? We’re sisters that are fighting with our lives on the line, and we’re not afraid of being heavily injured. How are we going to face death?”

Luo Li’s body trembled.

"Once you, the soul of the Rose Knights, give up, our fighting spirit will be completely extinguished. Do you think those despicable fellows will let us off? At that time, not only will your little lover die, but we will also be buried with her."

Long Xu:…

Long Yin:???

WDNMD!

I'm not, I'm not. Don't spout nonsense!

They really wanted to directly reject the triple combo and shout at that damned golden retriever. They wouldn't do that.

But.

There was no way to speak.

Because.

That was indeed what they thought.

Since they were not going to rest until one of them was dead, as veterans who had been on the battlefield before, they would not be soft-hearted. If there was a chance, they would definitely get rid of this group of absolute elites.

Things had come to this.

No one knew if the war between humans and dragons would really break out.

Except.

Prepared for a rainy day.

There was no need to talk about hatred here. Just because they were on the same side, they had to completely annihilate the other party. Eliminating the experts they were wary of was eliminating the enemy's effective strength. This was a great merit.

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Fresh blood flowed down his body and dripped onto the ground from his feet. Qin Sheng, who was covered in blood, was on the verge of a mental breakdown even though he had suffered countless abuse.

Yet.

It was precisely because of Luo Li’s arrival that he had ignited his desire for life and persevered.

But Qin Sheng had never imagined that his persistence would lead to such an outcome.

Him.

It had actually become a bargaining chip, a bargaining chip used to threaten Luo Li in the hands of the hateful Long Yin!

"Don't… bother… me!"

Qin Qin Sheng's lips opened and closed. It took him a full ten seconds to utter those three words.

Even though his voice was weak, which one of the people present wasn’t an extreme expert? They naturally heard it clearly.

"Sorry!"

Looking at Qin Luo’s blood-stained face and the weak determination in his eyes, Luo Li burst into tears on the spot. Suppressing the urge to cry, she pulled out her sword once again and pointed towards the opposite side. “Rose Knight Legion, charge!”

————

* * *