Chapter 683: Pitiful! Helpless! Desperate Dragons

"…Not only was the seven-clawed stance cut into five claws, but the thirty thousand feet body was also cut into three thousand feet. The origin was damaged and could not be repaired."

Long Xu stopped talking.

However, all the dragons present knew what happened next.

The Dragon race was defeated and the Dragon Emperor fell.

At this point.

The Dragon Clan, whose position was already unstable, had completely given up their position as the overlord of the world. They could no longer compete with the Human Clan.

Meanwhile, after this battle, the human race intimidated all clans.

The other races that had been fighting for supremacy had all been intimidated by the human race’s strength and the terrifying might of the Shadowless Sword Nine. They hid themselves and didn’t dare to go against the human race anymore.

Humans.

He had officially stepped into the peak and become the new ruler of the Heavens and Earth!

These.

For Long Xu, Long Yin, and the others who had lived for so many years, it could be considered an experience or history.

That battle.

It was too tragic.

It was the loss of that battle that caused the dragon race's vitality to be greatly damaged. They were also plotted against by other hostile races and natural enemies. Their strength was greatly reduced, and they could only hide on the current Dragon Island. Their territory had also shrunk drastically, leaving only the many islands and seas around Dragon Island.

At that time.

Not to mention the land that the Dragon Race had seized, even the waters of their absolute headquarters had been betrayed by their original vassal race.

The Naga Race and the Mermaid Race established their own sect and obtained the support of many large marine races. From then on, they formed a tripartite balance with the Dragon Race and were known as the three Supreme Races of Water!

Furthermore!

After the previous Dragon Emperor was heavily injured, and because of him, he misjudged the situation, causing the Dragon Race to be unable to recover from this setback. Under the worry of becoming ill, he was passed down to the current Dragon Emperor, while he himself was punished by entering the Dragon Tomb to guard the spirits of his predecessors. Very soon, he was seriously injured and fell in the Dragon Tomb.

In addition, many of the Dragon Race’s heavily injured or dying seniors also followed the previous Dragon Emperor into the Dragon Tomb, further weakening the strength of the Dragon Race.

Dragons.

It was dangerous.

Fortunately.

The current Dragon Emperor was a mighty ruler. Through various means, he stabilized the situation of the dragon race on the verge of collapse. He also brought the dragon race from the root of nearly extermination to the right track and obtained the unanimous support of the various great clans of the dragon race.

Still.

It did not mean that they were the same.

As veterans who had experienced that earth-shattering battle, even if they weren't on the battlefield, only Long Xu and Long Yilong were present to witness it.

However, this did not stop them from hating the human race who had taken away the overlord position of the dragon race. However, after so many years of development after the human race had taken away the overlord position, the current dragon race found it difficult to look up to them. No matter how much they hated them, there was nothing they could do.

Initially, he thought that he would never be able to see the Dragon race revive and regain their overlord status. He never thought that not only would it be impossible for him to return to the peak, but the Dragon race would even be worse off and be infiltrated by the Human race.

Why?

The Dragon Abyss of the Black Dragon was under orders to guard the Dragon God's treasure. This treasure that might allow the dragon race to rise again was actually taken away by the human race?

In a fit of anger, Long Yuan issued the Dragon King's edict to summon his clansmen, allowing the Dragon Island to open up again. Hundreds of dragons emerged and invaded the human territories without any notice.

Unfortunately.

Things might be turbulent, but the thunder was loud and the rain was light.

Not only did he fail to capture that damned thief, but because of this matter, the Dragon Emperor, who was the emperor of the dragon race and the supreme leader of the dragon race, had no choice but to personally head to the human race to apologize to the Human Emperor in the imperial palace of Great Xia.

Such humiliation.

How could they tolerate this?

But.

The human race was far from an existence that the current dragon race could afford to provoke. No matter how unwilling they were, they could only pinch their noses and accept it.

However…

That damned human thief was brought back to Dragon Island and entered the sacred and invincible Dragon God Palace.

The most detestable thing was that that bastard actually succeeded in becoming the first person to pass the trial of the Dragon God Temple, and also obtained the recognition of the Dragon God, personally bestowing the [Dragon God's Command] that represented his identity!

Not only that.

For the sake of that shameless villain, the Dragon Emperor and many higher-ups even wanted to punish the Black Dragon King Long Yuan, who had wreaked havoc in the human race's territory, to give the human race an explanation.

Even though Long Yuan managed to escape from the calamity under the objection of the crowd, he still decided to use the name of the Terrifying Dragon Platform to protect himself.

Once the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform was lost, the thief who had stolen the Dragon Lord's identity would officially enter the Dragon Island and become the new Black Dragon King. He would control the power and become one of the upper echelons of the Dragon Race. He would even surpass the veterans who had fought for the Dragon Island for tens of thousands of years.

Absolutely not!

This must not happen!

"Now, what should we do?"

It had only been a few seconds since the start of the shocking battle and the cause and effect of the siege. All the dragons who had regained their senses turned to Long Xu and waited for her decision.

"We've lost!"

Long Xu's smile was very bitter.

"Our death is already set. There's no way to reverse it. Even if we can go crazy with no worries, I advise you not to do this."

Taking a deep breath, Long Xu analyzed the situation clearly. "We can't hurt that human female knight at all because we were the ones who crossed the line and killed this brat. You have to know that this brat isn't just the Dragon Lord of our Dragon race. He also has another identity. He's from the human Xia Kingdom. Furthermore, for him, the City Lord of Star Brilliance City, one of the most powerful people in the Xia Kingdom, didn't hesitate to fight with Lord Long Yuan to protect him. From this, it can be seen that his status in the human race isn't low."

"To kill him, because of the Dragon Lord, we have reason and evidence. It doesn't matter even if we can't escape death. However, once we touch that female human knight, it's equivalent to declaring war on the human race. At that time, no one will be able to protect us. This is because this might shake the foundation of the dragon race and cause another war between races."

The dragons fell silent.

“Not that I’m being alarmist, but it’s the truth.”

Long Xu continued, "In this world, the weak are prey to the strong. If we are weak and they are strong, they can do whatever they want. Fortunately, the Human Race is hypocritical. In order to maintain a peace-loving image and to reassure those races that support them, they won't start a war so easily to prevent other races from putting themselves in danger. However, our actions gave the Human Race an excuse."

“At that time, even if the human race doesn’t launch a war of extermination, at the very least, the dragon race will pay a great price to settle this matter. But this way, we, who haven’t even recovered our strength yet, will suffer another blow, adding to the disaster. Perhaps the dragon race will truly decline completely and never rise again.”

"Do you think we can settle such a serious crime with just our lives? At that time, our clansmen and relatives will still be punished. In fact, the implications might be even greater than what we imagined."

The moment he said that.

The dragons fell silent again.

Even Long Yin, who was the most arrogant, was the same.

Thinking of the imminent danger, despair and regret appeared on their faces.

Dragons.

Danger!

————

Author’s Note: The preparation is complete. The main show is about to begin. (Cough cough, I dug another pit.) By the way, I have something on today. Sigh, although I’m a loser, I still have to go to the necessary social activities. If I don’t have any activities at night, I should be able to come back. If I can’t come back, then I can only make up for it with two chapters. By the way, I really want to pay back the four chapters that I owe, but unfortunately, time doesn’t allow it! (Laughable) I hope you can forgive me, cute little fat paper big boss. Please don’t blame me. Absolutely, absolutely, immediately arrange it when I’m free!