Chapter 686: Despicable Long Yin, Qin Sheng'S Determination

"Roar…"

The Rose Knights immediately let out an earth-shattering roar.

Their souls, Knight Leader Luo Li, had returned.

The tip of the sword is pointing in my direction!

Rose Knights, charge!

"Hiss…"

The heavenly horses neighed, and the battle formation gathered.

A shocking killing intent swept towards the remaining seven dragons.

"You… you're crazy!"

Long Yin, who was holding on to Qin Luo, had eyes full of disbelief and questions.

What was going on?

Why are people so irritable nowadays?

Can't you see that I have a hostage?

Is this what you call a hero?

He ~ tui!

Get lost!

Is this how heroes are treated?

"This is troublesome!"

He endured the pain and used a secret technique to expel the sharp Sword Aura from his body. Then, he managed to stop the bleeding and prevent his injuries from worsening. He thought that with a trump card hostage in his hand, he would be able to talk and control the situation.

Unexpectedly.

The terrifying human female knight opposite him was so decisive that she made the most accurate judgment in a few seconds. She wasn't affected by emotions. Long Xu's entire body felt uncomfortable.

"Now that things have come to this, it's useless to say anything else!—Fight!"

In the face of the menacing cavalry, Long Xu ignited his mystic technique and increased his combat strength. He was the first to transform into a stream of light to welcome them.

"I am already doomed to die, why would I care about this body?"

When the remaining dragons saw that their strategist Long Xu had personally gone into battle, they all let out heroic laughter and looked like they were lamenting. They didn't show any weakness and used their trump cards to increase their own combat power, preparing for the final desperate fight.

"You, you…"

Long Yin, who was below, could not help but grimace in pain when he saw his companions charging towards him like moths to a flame. He raised his head to the sky and let out an extremely sorrowful and furious dragon roar. "Those who… deserve… death… are… human!”

Rumble!

sky.

The dragons burning their life force had already begun to engage the Rose Knights in close combat.

The two sides collided.

Instantly.

The weather changed.

In a one-on-one battle, the Rose Knight Legion only had Knight Commander Luo Li, who could suppress and even kill those True Dragons.

The other members could not.

He could only rely on group attacks, battle formations, coordination, dealing with the true dragon, and even trading his life for his own to defeat it.

There was no other way.

The dragon race was really too powerful. They were blessed by the heavens to begin with. Furthermore, the people they were fighting were all pure-blooded true dragons. The veterans who had been on the battlefield had even more explosive combat strength.

Even with the advantage of timing, geographical advantage, manpower, and three major advantages, he still had to exchange dozens or even hundreds of people to barely control the situation.

These.

They were all elites of the human race!

However, it ended in this way.

It was truly a pity.

But there was no other way.

The dragon race invaded human territory. As warriors of the empire, how could the human soldiers sit idly by?

Besides.

This was already considered a huge victory.

If it wasn’t for Luo Li killing two True Dragons in a fit of rage and reducing the number of enemies, it would definitely be even more difficult.

Still.

The situation was not optimistic either.

Although the situation was clear, and the dragons present would definitely be dragged into the endless mud and die without a doubt, who knew how many people would be lost in the face of these mad dogs' desperate counterattack?

"Damn it!"

Looking at her subordinates falling from the sky, they were either dead, crippled, or had lost their fighting strength due to serious injuries. Luo Li’s heart was bleeding.

"Human girl over there, don't move. Otherwise, don't blame me for not showing mercy and crushing this brat's head!"

Just when Luo Li was preparing to launch a surprise attack and join the battlefield to reduce the casualties of her subordinates, Long Yin, who was below, roared once again. At the same time, he raised Qin Sheng, who was in his hands, in front of him and shook him forcefully. The threat in his voice was evident.

"That bastard!"

Luo Li instantly stopped in her tracks as she gritted her teeth.

"You must not think that I am joking.” Long Yin spoke in a dark and cold voice," It is just that I will not allow you to act alone as a condition. Exchanging this little demon's life is already my final concession. You must not make any mistakes!”

"Captain, leave it to me!"

Luo Li hesitated for a moment. Seeing her like this, the blonde-haired elder sister beside her wasn’t willing to make things difficult for the Commander. At the same time, for the sake of her best friend, she instantly stood out and pulled out the three-foot-long green peak on her waist. She whispered in her ear, “You find the right opportunity to save her. Leave the battlefield to me!”

…

"How embarrassing!"

The deafening sounds from the outside world continued to enter their ears. Qin Sheng, who was being held in Long Yin's hands weakly, felt as if his heart was dead.

Dead.

He wasn’t afraid.

Even if he was really tortured and killed by this group of despicable racists countless times in the cruelest way, until his True Spirit was shattered, which was deleting his account, he didn't care.

But.

He was afraid that the current situation would become a bargaining chip that would be used by the enemy to threaten the people he cared about.

"No, I can't just sit here and do nothing!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared furiously in his heart, “I’m not even afraid of death, so how could I be afraid of that dog Long Yin? Even if I’m forced to delete my account, two months of effort will be wasted. I’ll start all over again and let Weeping Soul Beast die completely. I’ll forget about the world with Luo Li from now on. I can’t just watch as she puts the Rose Knight Squad in danger because of me.”

"Ahhh…"

Screams continued to ring out.

Countless human elites were struck down by the berserk True Dragons, and along with the winged pegasi, they fell from the sky, turning into minced meat.

The entire battlefield was filled with the pungent smell of blood.

“My life is my life, but aren’t the lives of these NPCs my life? If I die, I’ll just delete my account and start over. If these NPCs die, then they’ll really die. It doesn’t matter to me, but to Luo Li, this is simply torture. These people are her subordinates, her comrades, her brothers and sisters.”

“If this continues, the Rose Knight Legion will definitely suffer heavy casualties and might even be completely annihilated. Originally, all of this could have been avoided. At the very least, Luo Li’s participation would definitely turn the situation around. Unfortunately, due to the existence of a trash like me, not only did I not help her, I even became her shackle. Haha…”

A bitter smile appeared at the corner of Qin Luo Sheng’s mouth. “For the sake of her own selfishness, she caused such a serious consequence. How will Luo Li deal with herself after this? Even if those family members who sacrificed their knights didn’t blame her and the laws of the empire didn’t punish her, this matter would still cause Luo Li to be disloyal and unable to convince the masses. It would also cause her to live in guilt for the rest of her life. How can I watch such a thing happen?!!”

"Hmph, don't have any ideas, Lord Dragon Lord!"

Seemingly having sensed Qin Sheng's change, Long Yin's gaze shifted over from the battlefield in the sky and said mockingly, "Open your eyes wide and watch properly. All of this is thanks to you! If not for you, how would the human race and the dragon race have developed to such an extent?"

Hur!

Qin Luo wanted to laugh.

It was actually his fault.

How shameless!

“Since the wood has already been cut, then properly display your final value!”

Long Yin's expression was icy cold. "Restrain that human girl and let us annihilate this cavalry troop. In this way, even if we die today, we will still do our best for the Dragon Race! Hahaha…"