Chapter 688: Emperor'S Qi! Suppress! Fight To The Death!

"The Human Ruler's Imperial Decree has arrived!"

The attendant who was dressed in eunuch attire had a cold expression on his face. His eagle-like eyes seemed to contain dried kun, and he exuded an extremely terrifying aura that suppressed the entire battlefield. Regardless of whether it was the True Dragon or the Rose Knights who were allies, their expressions changed drastically. They could not help but stop what they were doing, not daring to act rashly.

"The Human Emperor's Imperial Decree: The dragon race has entered the territory of my empire for no reason and surrounded the citizens of my empire, triggering the laws of the empire. This crime is unforgivable. Immediately put on the Dragon Binding Ropes and bring the Rose Knights to the capital city. According to the laws! This is my decree!"

Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the attendant holding the imperial decree opened his mouth without any expression. His voice was like a loud bell as he read out the decree on the spot. His tone was rhythmic and his tone was very calm, but his words were filled with extreme tyranny and heavenly might.

This wasn't what the attendant said, but the Human Emperor's will!

The imperial decree was heaven's will!

The Human Ruler was the Heaven's Will!

"Everyone, please surrender and follow me to the capital!"

The attendant extended his hand in a cold gesture.

"Ridiculous! Bastard!"

A true dragon roared furiously, "How can the emperor of the human race convict me of the dragon race? Get lost!"

"Since everyone is unwilling to cooperate, we can only offend you!"

The attendant glanced at the roaring dragon expressionlessly. With a wave of his hand, the imperial decree in his hand floated up and released a dazzling golden light. The words that should have been written on it seemed to come alive at this moment. They twisted and transformed, finally forming an ancient word—Suppress!

In an instant.

An indescribable Emperor's Qi burst forth as a vast heavenly might crushed down. The six True Dragons that were originally extremely arrogant let out a wail. Their massive bodies seemed to have been struck by Mount Tai, and they could no longer support the Soaring Technique as they crashed heavily towards the ground.

"No, that's impossible…"

Long Yin, who was controlling the bargaining chip of Qin Sheng on the ground, was not affected. He watched as he was defeated in a split second and was sealed by a word formed by the Human Emperor's Emperor Dao Aura. His companions, who could not even endure the basic minor technique, the Soaring Technique, felt their hearts fall into an ice cellar.

"Hahaha… It seems like we've won this battle!"

Contrary to Long Yin's state of mind, Qin Sheng, who was still being held by Long Yin, could not help but laugh wildly.

"Shut up!" Long Yin roared furiously. "Even if all of us are decapitated today, you won't be able to live. Even if I die, I will drag you to hell with me!"

"Is that so? If you can do it, then give it a try!" Qin Sheng's expression was cold to the extreme, and his eyes emitted extreme madness. He looked at the irascible Long Yin without flinching and said provocatively, "Come, let me see what ability a piece of trash like you has!"

He was gambling!

He was betting that the attendant who carried the Human Emperor's Edict had the ability to save him!

To be able to follow the Human Ruler who could suppress the six True Dragons with a single word, how could he be a simple character?

Everything else aside.

He could tell a thing or two from the flying technique just now.

You have to know.

Even with Luo Li’s strength, which could kill two dragons with a single sword, she had to rely on her Pegasus mount to be able to fly at such speed. As for that attendant, he was able to reach such a level with just his physical body. His ability was simply unfathomable!

Besides.

Take a step back.

It did not matter even if this big shot could not save Qin Sheng from Long Yin's hands in time.

It was just death.

After being tortured and killed almost a hundred times, would he still be afraid?

As for the destruction of his True Spirit, his account was deleted.

He had long realized this.

As long as he was no longer used as a hostage by that bastard Long Yin as a bargaining chip, everything would be fine.

"Spatial Jump!"

"Ding… You are currently in a special environment. The power of space has been sealed. You cannot use this skill!"

"What a pity!"

Even an ant would have a hard life and a big family. It had not been easy for Qin Sheng to get to where he was today.

Except.

He tried it out, but all he got was the same "system denial", which made him lose all hope.

"It's a pity that these bastards only removed the sealing formation and could only use conventional techniques. However, they didn't remove the sealing formation and still couldn't use the power of space. Otherwise, I wouldn't have ended up like this."

"With my dragon blood, burn!"

Long Xu and the other dragons, who had crashed heavily into the Furious Bears Mountain Range, managed to prop up their bodies with great difficulty under the terrifying "suppress" character. They felt the energy in their bodies continuously dissipating, and an extremely crazy expression appeared on their faces. "The power of origin, the power of dragon balls, explode!"

Six dragon pearls of different colors shone brilliantly.

Once the dragon pearl appeared, it meant that Long Xu and the others had completely cut off their retreat path!

"Stubborn fool!"

However, in the face of the desperate struggle of the six True Dragons and the final blow of the self-destructing origin and dragon ball, this violent and destructive power that was enough to raze the entire Furious Bears Ridge to the ground, the attendant was expressionless. With a wave of his wide official robe, a feminine energy poured into the imperial decree. Instantly, the incomparably dazzling golden ‘suppress’ character became even more brilliant and resplendent.

"Ang…"

The origin power dissipated, and cracks appeared on the dragon pearl.

Long Xu and the rest had lost.

Defeated by a single word.

Or rather…

He had been defeated by the terrifying Emperor Qi.

In the territory of the Human Race, the fate of the Human Ruler was the fate of the Human Race. What could a few second generation True Dragons amount to?

"Stop!"

"Stop!"

The Dragon Pearl shattered and its source burned. In just a blink of an eye, Long Xu and the others had completely collapsed. Not only were they unable to fight, but their lives were also like candles in the wind that were about to be extinguished.

Just as the knights of the Rose Knight Legion were preparing to tie up the dragon ropes and tie up the dragons of sin that dared to invade human territory and kill, escorting them to the capital and punishing them according to the laws of the empire as a warning, two voices suddenly exploded from below.

One was from Long Yin!

And the other—

Qin Luo!

"Don't attack!"

If it was said that Long Yin had only subconsciously called out, not expecting his companions to give up just like that, moreover being captured in such an aggrieved manner, leading to a trial, and not a heroic death, then Qin Luo had done it intentionally.

"Don't let them die!"

Ignoring Long Yin’s doubtful gaze and Long Xu’s expression as he ate, Qin Sheng looked at his attendant with a serious expression. He looked at Luo Li and the other Knights of the Rose Knight Legion and took a deep breath before swearing, “Everything that happened today was caused by me. Because of me, the current tragic situation was caused by me. Although it wasn’t my intention, I cannot absolve myself of the blame.”

"In three days, it will be the final battle between me and the Black Dragon King Long Yuan. The battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform is something I must do. In three days, I will stand on the Terrifying Dragon Platform and settle today's matter in the name of the human race's weeping souls in front of all the races."

"I, Weeping Soul Beast, hereby swear that I will make you pay the most painful price for violating the Dragon of the Human Race today. I will use their blood and the blood of their relatives to comfort the heroic souls of the soldiers who sacrificed themselves!"

With that said, the surroundings fell silent!

Long Yin was stunned, then enraged.

"Brat, how dare you!"

Anger could cause one to lose their rationality, and this was even more so for the ill-tempered Long Yin.

In his rage, he instinctively tightened his grip.

In an instant.

Qin Qin Sheng's head shattered.

Instant kill.

A headless corpse instinctively twitched in Long Yin's hand. At the same time, a white light shot into the sky from the corpse and landed in the resurrection array behind it.

“Damn bastard, even if I have to risk my life today, I will still die with you!”

Long Yin's eyes were red with fury. He instantly returned to his original form and transformed into a fire dragon that was burning with flames. He twisted his body, opened his hideous mouth, and pounced towards Qin Sheng. "Go to hell together! Your daddy here will swallow you alive right now. Let's see how an ant like you can get onto the Terrifying Dragon Platform!"

————

Author's Note: