Chapter 687: Human Emperor'S Edict

battle.

Like a wildfire.

Even though he was on the verge of collapse, Qin Luo Sheng still had a breath of life left and had become a bargaining chip. He did not continue to be tortured to death. He had been recuperating in an ignoble manner and had already recovered somewhat over time.

"We can't continue like this!"

In a short period of time, nearly a hundred Rose Knights had died, and only one dragon from the Dragon race had perished.

The terrible casualties were terrifying.

Even though the remaining members of the Rose Knight Legion were still adhering to the rules of chivalry and showed no signs of fear, nor did they have any intention of backing down. Their beliefs were firm, but if this continued, they might really have to be completely annihilated before they could perish together with the enemy.

Normally, Qin Sheng would have ignored him.

Yet.

But now, it was because of him that the current situation had become like this.

Otherwise, with Luo Li’s participation in the battle, the situation would have been reversed long ago. It wouldn’t have developed to this point. Even the fallen knights would have a high chance of not dying.

"What should I do?"

Qin Luo was extremely anxious.

It was too difficult to play tricks in front of a Level 100 boss.

Besides.

Now, not only was Qin Sheng extremely weak, he was also being held in Qin Luo's hands.

He wanted to cause trouble in this state?

He was simply thinking of eating!

"How despairing!"

Qin Luo Sheng had never felt such despair before.

The powerlessness of not being able to control his own death and not being able to die even if he wanted to made him feel endless regret. At the same time, he felt an unprecedented desire for power, an extremely sick and stubborn desire.

"Oh, not a bad look!"

Long Yin, who had been paying attention to the battle between Qin Sheng and Qin Luo, immediately noticed that his bargaining chips were acting abnormally. Looking at Qin Luo Sheng’s eyes, which had already been tortured to the point of losing their luster, suddenly became overflowing with light, filled with ambition. He couldn’t help but sneer, “Although I don’t know what you’re planning, but to cause trouble right under my nose, aren’t you looking down on me too much? Do you really think that your status is equal to the Dragon Monarch, and even your strength is the same?”

"You can only take this opportunity to shout!"

Qin Luo Sheng's tone was very weak, but his words were filled with killing intent. "Believe me, your outcome will be ten times, a hundred times worse than mine!"

“Really?”

Long Yin's pupils suddenly constricted, but he did not have much of a reaction. He only sneered, "There's no need for you to worry about this, Dragon Lord!"

In fact.

As dragons, they knew much more about this matter than an outsider like Qin Sheng.

After being exposed, they had already resigned themselves to their fate and made up their minds.

Now.

He was merely dragging out his final act of madness.

Initially, they wanted to end it here, but unfortunately, even if they wanted to end it, they weren't willing to!

Since that was the case…

As proud dragons, how could they retreat and embarrass the dragons?

Regardless of whether or not it will turn into a war between races in the future, it has nothing to do with them anymore. After I die, who cares about the flood?

"I wouldn't go to the extent of going to the trouble!" Qin Luo exhaled heavily and said, "It's just that it's indeed a little taxing on the mind. How on earth are we going to avenge this blood feud? Why don't you teach me?"

"You?" Long Yin said disdainfully, "I can kill you with a finger!"

"I believe you!" Qin Sheng nodded his head seriously. He did not have the slightest intention of refuting Long Yin's words. On the contrary, he approved of it very much. "However, there is more than one way to take revenge. It is a fact that I am weak, but I can… borrow power!"

"Borrowing power?"

Long Yin's expression darkened visibly.

"Why? You have nothing else to say? Didn't you call the Dragon Lord quite happily just now?" Qin Luo Sheng said, "Since you've already admitted it yourself, wouldn't I be letting down your honor if I don't make good use of this identity?"

"Stop dreaming!” Long Yin coldly said," Do you think that I will allow you to leave today? It is useless! You are dead. No one can save you! Today, no one present will be able to escape. I, Long Yin, said it.”

"Tsk, what an impressive declaration!" Qin Luo couldn't help but mock. "You seem to have forgotten that there's still one person who hasn't joined the battlefield yet! Just now, she finished off two of your companions with a single sword strike! With her around, how dare you, defeated soldiers, utter such arrogant words?"

"That human girl?” Long Yin grunted and said," She is indeed very strong. The human race is indeed blessed by the heavens. To be able to cultivate to such an extent at such a young age, she is simply a demon. Unfortunately, she is too young. Not only is she restrained by boring emotions, but she is also restrained by trash like you. It is difficult for her to achieve great things.”

"This is only temporary. Do you really think that she would ignore all her subordinates because of me?" Qin Sheng, who had just been attacked, instantly lost his pleasant expression. He said with a cold face, "Just wait. Her patience is running out. When the time comes, even if I die, all of you will die with me."

"You must be dreaming, little brat!" Long Yin could not help but say disdainfully, "Do you really think that little girl has the strength to do anything to us? Then you are underestimating our dragon race too much!"

"Isn't it?" Qin Luo Sheng asked, "Just now, your companion was killed on the spot in one move, and two at the same time. I'm not blind."

"Hahaha… You're really naive!" Long Yin laughed wildly. "The human race is blessed by the heavens, I admit that. But do you think a mere twenty-year-old girl can cultivate to the point where she can kill True Dragons like us who have lived for tens of thousands of years? She merely borrowed the power of the divine artifact and caught us off guard. In addition, we are in the sealing array and cannot use energy, so we can only rely on our physical bodies to withstand her attacks."

"Furthermore, she has slain the Sea Serpent and the Wind Dragon. One is proficient in illusionary techniques, while the other is proficient in speed, which is why she was able to kill them in one strike. Now that the sealing formation has been removed, and her divine tool is temporarily unusable due to the excessive energy consumption, what else can she do?"

Qin Luo remained silent.

In fact.

He also felt that it was somewhat sci-fi.

Back then, when he first met Luo Li, she was in the darkest moment of her life and couldn’t unleash any of her strength. Under the situation where her entire body was limp, even the food was fed to her by him, making her look like a delicate princess.

Yet.

Today’s invincible performance had overturned Luo Li’s image in her heart.

No wonder.

It was no wonder why Luo Qin, who could be considered as Luo Li’s childhood sweetheart, would break down and walk on that path of no return. Aside from the guidance of the incident in the Luo Clan Village, it was more likely that the psychological disparity was extremely great.

A weakling that had relied on the might of an ancient demonic artifact to barely break through to the Legendary Rank. Furthermore, he hadn’t even reached Rank 2 or Rank 30. Disregarding his status, how could his strength match up to the valiant and heroic Luo Li, who could control a pegasus and slay a Rank 100 True Dragon?

Qin Luo was silent, but the battlefield was not.

After a round of fighting, the probing attacks ended, and the battle officially entered its climax.

Every second.

Countless elites had fallen.

There were also countless wounds that were added to the body of the only six true dragons that were about to become turtles in a jar.

"The Human Ruler's Imperial Decree has arrived!"

Just as both sides were prepared to risk their lives, a sharp voice suddenly resounded throughout heaven and earth.

Everyone turned to look.

He saw…

A feminine-looking man in eunuch robes was holding a golden imperial decree that exuded boundless majesty. He was flying towards the battlefield at a terrifying speed like a golden cloud.