Chapter 681: The Bright Pink In The Sky

What?

Those dragons—

He actually wanted compensation?

WTF!?

Can anyone f*cking tell me what happened?

…

"Kill, kill him!"

The furious Long Yin could not endure it any longer. While his companions were still in shock, he immediately attacked.

There was no exception.

Qin Sheng, who was completely clean and only had 20-odd levels, how could he withstand the full level LV100 Dragon Obliteration attack? Even if he was a fire-type mage, the innate physical body of the dragon race was there, and he was whipped to death with a single tail.

"No, no!"

Long Xu shouted in panic but it was too late. He could only watch as Long Yin's dragon tail fell. He watched as she lowered her head and gave up her dignity and honor. The Dragon Lord, who tried his best to persuade her, died once again. He turned into a white light and revived in the "True Spirit Plunder" array formation they set up!

"It's over, it's completely over."

Long Xu's mentality collapsed instantly.

He was not afraid of a god-like opponent, but of a pig-like teammate.

Trade, trade, negotiation.

It was not something that could be decided overnight.

As the saying goes, asking for an exorbitant price is equivalent to paying the price.

The f*ck had just raised the conditions, and the other party had only said a few words. Although it seemed like there was nothing else to say, what if the other party just wanted more? What if he was playing hard to get just to get better compensation?

Although he was unhappy, it was worth it to give up in order to end this matter. After all, this concerned too much, and even the fate of the dragon race.

Yet.

What did that bastard Long Yin do?

Damn it, he actually destroyed the negotiating opponent?

Gone.

Completely gone.

This time.

Negotiations were definitely broken.

Dragons.

Danger.

And them.

There was no hope left. He could only wait for death!

"If you don't appreciate my kindness, then die!"

Long Yin's opening made the dragons, who were already holding back, attack.

As proud dragons, when had they ever lowered their heads?

Furthermore, he was bowing down to a human ant!

Furthermore, this human ant was their enemy!

In an instant.

The light swirled.

The dragons of different colors joined the slaughter camp one after another, engaging in the final revelry before their deaths.

Long Xu didn't.

Her face was ashen as she floated in the air, her eyes dim and her expression distant. It was unknown what she was thinking.

And Qin Luo.

They began to die tragically.

Some were crushed by the dragon's body, some were penetrated by the dragon's claws, some were swallowed alive, some were torn in half, some were trampled into mush, some were thrown into the sky and died…

‘ Only if you can’t think of it. Without these dragons you can’t.’

Fortunately.

Fortunately, this was still within the sealing formation, and these bastards were unable to utilize their energy and techniques. Otherwise, Qin Sheng's death technique would surely have increased tenfold.

Even so.

Qin Luo could not take it anymore.

Death could bring him back to life indefinitely, but he had to pay a level as the price. As for equipment, he had long since cleaned himself up and could not be dropped.

But.

Death did not matter. However, the pain of death, the fear of death, was something that could not be avoided or weakened.

They turned into meat paste and were torn apart. Like meat skewers, they were pierced through by the dragon claws and lost all their blood. They were swallowed alive and fell from a height of ten thousand meters.

Death was already terrifying.

However, there were all sorts of ways to die. Faced with all sorts of inhumane ways to die, experiencing one tragic death after another, as well as the pain brought about by the deaths of various classes, Qin Sheng almost went crazy.

“So this is your method?”

After killing Qin Luo once, he appeared at the resurrection point again. He could not remember how many times he had died consecutively. He did not know how many times he had been captured and tortured by those dragons who seemed to be playing around.

As a player, he could die endlessly.

The official explanation was that in this world of destiny, infinite resurrection was the blessing of the Goddess of Destiny.

So—

No matter how Qin Sheng died, he would not be annihilated.

Why would the dragon race, who knew about this situation, still ambush him?

So what if he couldn't kill him?

As long as they did not die, their plan would eventually be exposed.

Previously, Qin Luosheng didn't understand, but now he did.

Resurrection could allow one to revive indefinitely, but it was only effective on the body.

But the spirit?

Under countless deaths and endless torture, how long could his spirit last?

Once a person's psyche was severely damaged, they would either suffer from mental disorder, lose their memories, or completely collapse. There would no longer be a Weeping Soul. This was because his psyche had been erased, and all his memories had been erased.

Without these, even if his body still existed, would he still be crying his soul?

If they were unable to expose him, who would pursue the matter today?

The only difference was…

If Qin Luo had accepted Long Xu's conditions and agreed to make amends, perhaps these guys would have survived. After all, they had been forgiven by the victim. Even if the crime of disrespecting the Dragon God was true and could not be erased, they would not be deprived of their bloodline. At most, they would be imprisoned for N years or sent to the most dangerous battlefield to redeem themselves.

Yet.

Unfortunately, Qin Sheng rejected it.

Like this.

This bunch of fellas had no qualms.

He disrespected the Dragon God and killed the Dragon Lord…

If the victim did not plead for leniency for this crime, they would not be forgiven. They were dead for sure, and they would be used as an example. They would be severely punished to let the other clansmen know what kind of terrifying punishment would be triggered by the laws of the dragon race!

Since they were already dead, how could they let go of the “culprit” who had“ harmed” them?

Of course, it was to vent all of his anger!

Another thing.

Now that they had destroyed Weeping Soul Beast, the Lord Dragon Lord that they had ambushed had destroyed his intelligence and erased him. Thus, even if they had nowhere to run and would definitely be punished, without the victim to pursue the matter, whether it was the furious Dragon Monarch, those stubborn elders, or the neutral factions, all of them would take things lightly because they did not want to affect the Dragon Clan. They would turn a major issue into a minor one and a minor one.

Thus…

The mastermind behind this plan added fuel to the fire, and this matter would soon be over.

As the executors, they had already been exposed and could not be forgiven. However, they would not investigate thoroughly and their clansmen and relatives would be safe.

This was the best choice for the current situation.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Boundless white light continuously rose into the sky. Each time, it represented Qin Sheng's death.

Once, twice, thrice…

Five times eight times ten times…

Ten times twenty times thirty times…

Qin Luo Sheng had already died countless times.

His level had already dropped to zero.

Normally, he would be forcibly teleported back to the main city after dropping to level 0.

But.

Due to the array formation, he had been reincarnated endlessly in this place. He had been reduced to a plaything in the hands of more than ten dragons countless times and was tortured crazily.

His spirit was on the verge of collapse.

“That’s, what—”

When Qin Luo fell once again under the dragon claws of the most brutal dragon of the Fire Dragon clan, he, who did not even have the strength to stand, lay in the resurrection point. His already gray and lifeless eyes, shrouded by the bodies of more than ten enormous dragons that blotted out the sky, looked through the gaps to the distant horizon.

"How beautiful!"

A pink fire cloud flew towards them from the other end of the sky. There seemed to be a familiar fragrance in the air.

————

Author’s Note: