Chapter 684: Pink Rose'S Funeral

Helpless!

Regret!

Anger!

Other than Long Xu who was slightly calmer and didn't show the emotions in his heart on his face, Long Yin and the other dragons all put on painful masks.

As powerful beings who were born with extraordinary abilities, when had they ever encountered such a situation?

Usually.

If you don't make up your mind, you will do it by force.

No matter how absolute his strength was, what could he not handle?

But now…

The power that they were proud of was no longer useful.

True.

Any one of them was more than enough to kill a certain scum who was still lying on the ground and unable to get up. They were even fearless towards a certain female knight who was about to enter the attack range.

But.

This won't work!

So what if he was powerful?

So what if he was powerful?

Now, would they dare to make a move?

Not at all!

Even though they knew that they were about to die, Long Yin and the others did not dare to go crazy for the last time before dying.

What kind of tragedy was this?

"Continue!"

Long Xu raised his head and looked at Luo Li and the group of Heavenly Horse Riders behind her. His elegant brows knitted as he said to Long Yin, “This is no longer our home ground. We can’t be as carefree as before. Listen carefully. I will remove the sealing array formation. In any case, our Lord Dragon Lord is powerless to resist. Even without the sealing array, he won’t be able to jump around.”

“What exactly do you want me to do?”

Long Yin wasn't a boorish man but he wasn't very smart either. Especially with a strategist like Long Xu around, he didn't like to use his brain. Everyone was a grasshopper on a rope and a dying dragon. Long Yin wasn't afraid that Long Xu would trick him. "Tell me, I'll do it!"

"Very good!"

Long Yin understood this and Long Xu was gratified. She was afraid that these unruly fellows would cause trouble at this critical juncture and cause the already disadvantageous situation to worsen. "We all know your capabilities. Without the existence of the sealing array formation, you should be the best at how to deal with your target. I'll leave him to you. We'll go and help you block these human knights and buy time!"

Long Yin instantly understood what she meant when he saw Long Xu's gaze land on Qin Sheng, who was already unconscious.

"Understood!"

Long Yin cruelly grinned. His eyes were filled with violence as he softly said, "I will definitely complete the mission!”

Ang…

The dragons soared into the sky and under Long Xu’s lead, they flew towards Luo Li.

"Get lost!"

Luo Li’s heart was burning with anxiety as she abruptly pulled out the small and slender Western Knight’s Sword from her waist. Her beautiful brows were tightly knitted as she furiously roared, “What audacity! Not only did you illegally infiltrate my Empire’s territory, you even dared to commit murder against the heroes of my Empire, the geniuses of the human race. Aren’t you afraid of starting a war between the humans and dragons?”

“Little girl, don’t try to scare us with a war between races. This isn’t a joke.”

Although Long Xu was frightened, how could he admit defeat? After all, they were on the battlefield and admitting defeat was equivalent to admitting defeat. Furthermore, even if they were doomed to die, they couldn't die now. This was because the mission hadn't been completed and they still had to buy time for Long Yin. Therefore, without saying anything, he retorted, "Let's not talk about whether your Human Race can defeat my Dragon Race. Even if you can, do you think that your Human Race will be unharmed after this battle? When that time comes, the overlord status that we have obtained with great difficulty will probably be given to other races!"

"So what?"

Luo Li's phoenix eyes were filled with flames of anger, especially when she felt Qin Sheng's extremely weak light of life, like a candle in the wind, about to be extinguished. Furthermore, there was a fire dragon with ill intentions beside him. If she delayed any longer, perhaps Qin Sheng would die. In such a desperate situation, it made her even more irritable. "If we can't even punish the murderers like you who trespassed our territory and surrounded the empire's heroes without permission, if we can't even demand an explanation for such blatant violations, how can we humans have the face to stand between the heavens and earth, and what qualifications do we have to sit in the position of the world's overlord?—We have decided on this battle!"

"Crap!"

His powerful words, hatred and killing intent, as well as his ferocious gaze… all of these showed Luo Li. She wasn’t joking. In an instant, Long Xu and the other dragons were dumbfounded.

What was going on?

Why didn't he follow the rules?

How important was a war between races? Why were you able to say it so decisively?

This was going to be a f*cking disaster!

Between people, it was the intersection of interests!

It was even more so between races.

Once the war started, there would be no winners.

Even though the human race was the overlord of the world and the strongest existence among all the races, the dragon race was not some random cat or dog. Even if they were weak now, they would definitely not be crushed.

If it really was the start of a war between races, then the outcome would definitely be a tragic victory for the human race and the extermination of the dragon race!

This way…

Didn't he benefit the other races for nothing?

This was completely contrary to the interests of the human race!

“Bastard, what do you think you’re talking about? Can you represent the human race?”

Long Xu furiously roared as he attempted to wake Luo Li up.

Long Xu believed that the decision-makers of the Human Race, the Human Ruler, and many other emperors wouldn't be so foolish as to start a war with the Dragon Race over a mere Human Race. However, it was necessary to make an issue out of this matter and ruthlessly bite off a piece of their flesh.

Even though it was painful, it was the best outcome to pay a certain price to extinguish the anger of the humans.

However…

All of this had to be built on the premise that this was the end.

But.

The human female knight had gone completely mad.

If she went crazy, everything would be over. At that time, they would have to fight against these knights.

Thus…

They had gone from assassinating a human to fighting against a human army.

This…

It was war!

Even if it was only a small-scale war, it was still a war. Once it was started, the chain of hatred would never cease to drag both sides into a quagmire, and it would never be wise to break free again.

When the time came.

Even if they didn't want to start a war between races, they had to!

"I'm very clear-headed!"

Holding onto her sword, Luo Li’s entire body was ready to strike. A pink energy radiated from her body. In an instant, a biting cold sword intent filled the entire world. “I, Rose Knight Luo Li, swear on the sword in my hand today that I will definitely kill you bunch of filthy clowns!—Pink Rose’s funeral!”

A single sword strike shook the heavens and the earth!

A pink rose suddenly appeared and bloomed. It was extremely beautiful, but it contained endless killing intent.