Chapter 682: Shadowless Sword God—Sword Nine

"How dare the dragon race invade the territory of Great Xia and kill the citizens of our empire! They deserve to be punished!"

Along with the loud neigh of a horse, the rapidly approaching pink flaming cloud finally revealed its true appearance.

It was a woman.

Her face was incomparably cold and stern, and her eyes were filled with an extremely cold killing intent. She was dressed in pure silver knight armor made of Godly metal that was covered in mysterious patterns. She was riding on a pair of wings on her back. Her entire body was snow white, and there was a single horn on her forehead. She looked like the legendary Unicorn Heavenly Horse. There was a thin and narrow long sword at her waist, and there was an exquisite rose-shaped mark on it. Her jet-black long hair that was like a waterfall was fluttering along with her speed…

"Luo… Li?"

Qin Sheng, who was on the verge of breaking down, finally remembered who this familiar fragrance belonged to. When he saw the valiant and heroic Rose Knight, a certain weak image in his mind overlapped with the current her.

"So it's you—How nice!"

The corners of Qin Luo Sheng's lips curled into a faint smile.

Right now, he had completely forgotten about the danger he was in, and he had also forgotten about the pain that filled his entire body. In his mind, all he could think about was the scene at the mass grave, in the village of Luo Clan. Because of Luo Qin's scheme, he had become the ghost bride, and he had saved her. She was dressed in a festive red wedding dress, and she looked delicate.

"Oh no, this is too much!"

At this moment, the dragons who were immersed in torturing Qin Sheng in order to obtain pleasure and carry out the final frenzy woke up one after another. They could not help but frown when they saw the human knights rushing over at high speed.

"What should we do?"

All the dragons looked at Long Xu, their strategist and brain.

"What are you afraid of? Just do it!"

Long Yin, who had a fiery temper, stood out immediately. A cloud of smoke came out of his nostrils. He was very angry.

"Idiot!"

Long Xu who was pondering a strategy was interrupted by Long Yin, and he couldn’t help but shout furiously. “Do you think that everything can be resolved by violence?”

“So what do you suggest we do?”

Long Yin, who was destined to be miserable in the future and could only torture his enemy to vent his anger, was instantly enraged. He roared, "Since we are already in this state, what is there to be afraid of? She is merely a human female knight. What can we do even if we kill her?"

"That's right, we are destined to die!"

Seeing that all the dragons were moved by Long Yin's words, Long Xu hurriedly shouted in a low voice, "However, don't forget that this is no longer the world of the Dragon Race. It belongs to the Human Race. Indeed, with our current strength, it would be easy for us to raze a few kilometers to the ground, let alone kill a mere female human knight. However, have you thought about the consequences?"

Instantly.

All of the dragons fell silent.

Long Yin was the same.

Just because he had a fiery temper didn’t mean he was stupid. Besides, these things weren’t difficult. They were easy to figure out.

"We can kill a human female knight, but this is human territory. If we kill one of her, there will be countless others. How many can we kill? Besides, we crossed the boundary illegally and invaded human territory. The human race will definitely demand an explanation from Dragon Island."

Long Xu continued, "Also, although the Human Race isn't united and there are countless countries, we are now in the Earth Domain. We are the biggest Xia Country of the Human Race. You should still remember a person, right?"

"Shadowless Sword God—Sword Nine!"

All the dragons were speechless. It was Long Yin who spoke a name in a deep voice.

Sword Nine!

As soon as these two words were spoken, even those as powerful as the dragons present couldn’t help but shiver with fear in their eyes.

"At that time, the human race and the dragon race started a conflict because of the water region. The previous Dragon Emperor was unyielding and started a war. At that time, ten thousand dragons came out of the dragon's nest and rushed to the human race's territory. The human race also sent out all their experts to meet us in battle."

Long Xu said, "At that time, the elites of the dragon race attacked Binhai City under the leadership of the previous Dragon Emperor. They wanted to take down the number one sea region city of the human race and use it as a basis. They thought that it would be a fierce battle but they didn't expect that there was only one empty city left in Binhai City. There was only one person left."

With that,

Even Long Xu, who had always been calm and composed, broke out in cold sweat. His eyes were filled with fear.

"Sword Nine! Originally, his name is unknown. Cultivation is based on the knowledge of the Hundred Schools of Swordsmanship. He comprehended the Shadowless Swordsmanship through his own comprehensions. He used the sword as his name. Because he condensed the essence of the Hundred Schools of Swordsmanship into nine forms, he named himself Sword Nine!"

Long Xu took a deep breath and suppressed the fear in his heart. In his mind, there was a certain handsome and upright figure with a cold gaze. He was like a god that controlled the world and looked down on all living things. In his eyes, even those as strong as the dragon race were like ants.

"In that battle, I thought that it was almost certain, but I never thought that this short and thin human man was a god that was even more terrifying. With just one sword, he transformed into countless sword shadows that annihilated more than 3,000 of our Dragon race's elites. He slaughtered until blood flowed like rivers and dyed the sea red."

"The previous Dragon Emperor was furious and personally took action to fight Jian Jiu. The two peak experts that were strong enough to kill a god lasted for three days and three nights. Just the shockwaves of the battle alone destroyed the number one city in the human sea region, Binhai City. Our dragon soldiers wiped out more than a thousand soldiers and even caused the seawater to flow backwards, forming an absolute domain that we have yet to step into."

"Jian Jiu's Shadowless Sword Technique is unparalleled in this world. It combines offense and defense into one. It's formless, without substance and without limit. Its offensive power is especially terrifying. The previous Dragon Emperor had already cultivated seven claws. The seven-clawed golden dragon was also unparalleled in this world. The dragon's claws were the main offensive power while the mutated dragon's scales were indestructible. Its defense was extremely formidable, and even Jian Jiu's murderous sword aura was difficult to break through."

"Originally, they were evenly matched and there was no victory or defeat. However, Jian Jiu was extremely monstrous. He actually broke through at the last moment and used the previous Dragon Emperor as a whetstone to help him complete his Sword Dao breakthrough. He succeeded and comprehended the ultimate profound meaning of the sword that made even gods and buddhas tremble. He integrated the nine forms of Shadowless Sword Technique and transformed it into the final move—Sword Tenth!"

“When that sword strike came out, no one could describe that peerless, peerlessly beautiful sword strike. It shocked all the immortals, gods, devils, ghosts, monsters, and monsters. It was as if it had cut through the void, cut through time and space… In just one strike, the previous Dragon Monarch, who was supposed to be evenly matched with him, was actually knocked off his realm and weakened. Not only was his seven claws slashed into five claws, his thirty thousand meter body was also chopped into three thousand meters. His origin was damaged and could not be repaired.”