Chapter 690: The End! Qin Luo Slaying The Dragon (2)

"Cough cough…"

Long Yinlong who was blasted flying coughed up blood from his mouth, and he felt as if his True Dragon body was like paper. He was almost blasted into pieces by a strand of Darkstar Qi that was over a kilometer away.

"Ang…"

Long Yin, who was struggling to get up, suddenly saw Qin Luo Sheng jump out from his shadow. He instantly let out a loud dragon roar. His heavily injured body had borrowed strength from somewhere, and his potential erupted. It was like the final radiance of the setting sun, suppressing his injuries and unleashing his tyrannical combat strength once again.

He saw…

Long Yan's dragon body twisted and turned like a bolt of lightning. He nimbly turned his head and aimed it at Qin Sheng's body. The dragon opened its mouth wide and swallowed towards Qin Sheng like a whale.

"Go to hell! You damned brat! As long as you die, everything will be over!"

Long Yin shouted.

"At this point, are you still dreaming?—Eagle Stomp!"

An eagle's cry resounded throughout the world.

Qin Luo Sheng's body turned into a stream of light as he borrowed the force from the sky three times in a row. It was as if he was ascending the heavenly staircase. Using an extremely mysterious method, he easily dodged Long Yin's gigantic mouth.

"The enmity between us is irreconcilable! I have already sworn that I will head to the Dragon Island in three days and settle this matter in front of all the races!"

Relying on the power of Eagle Stomp, he dodged Long Yin's final fatal blow. Qin Sheng stood in the air and looked down at the scarred fire dragon. His judgmental voice resounded throughout the entire Furious Bears Mountain Ridge. "I'm not being merciful by keeping you here, but I want you to witness what calamity your foolish actions have brought to the dragon race. You are not heroes, but—sinners!"

Sinner!

Sinner!

Sinner!

These two short words repeatedly reverberated within the minds of Long Yin and the other dragons.

"Kill me! Kill me if you dare!"

Long Yin, whose bones and tendons were already broken, completely collapsed after his final burst of strength. His dragon scales shattered, his body was covered in dragon blood, and his dragon bones were broken…

Long Yin was already crippled.

"Seeking death?"

Qin Luo shot a cold glance at the extremely deranged Long Yin. "Now that your entire body is crippled, it's useless. In any case, Long Xu and the others are enough as witnesses. It doesn't matter if there's one more or one less of you. Since that's the case, I'll fulfill your wish!"

"You?"

Even though he was clamoring, how could Long Yin submit so easily given his pride?

Even if he surrendered, he would only submit to the expert who had achieved what he had achieved in one strike, not Qin Sheng.

At this moment.

Qin Luo could not hold it in any longer when he heard Qin Sheng's arrogant words. He said scornfully, "Even if I'm heavily injured, I'm not someone an ant like you can defeat!"

“Really?”

Qin Luo Sheng glanced indifferently at Long Yin, and then he turned his gaze to the surroundings. As he gazed at the horrifying battlefield, he saw corpses strewn all over the place. Some were human, some were Heavenly Horse, some were intact, some were crippled, and some had even been smashed into minced meat. Those whose faces could no longer be seen clearly… instantly fell silent!

"Do you know? Your life is more valuable than you think!"

Long Yin snorted coldly and said, "Stop dreaming. I, the dragon clan, swear to die and not submit. How can I be threatened by you? I am already a crippled dragon. My life is not as valuable as you think. You can forget about even getting a copper coin."

"It's low, it's low!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked coldly at Long Yin, his gaze lingering on Long Yin as he smiled. "How can your value be tarnished with the smell of copper? I don't want gold coins or treasures. All I want is your—life!"

Long Yin:…

"Although I've already sworn an oath, a false oath can never compare to action."

Qin Luo Sheng could not help but glance at the numerous corpses around him. He then said, "Because of me, so many people died tragically. Even if I seek justice in three days, it will not hinder me from taking back some interest. Long Yin, today I will use your blood as a sacrifice to the souls of the fallen heroes. At the same time, it can also be considered as giving myself an explanation. If you kill me a hundred times, I will use your clan relatives and the lives of the hundred dragons to repay you."

"How dare you!"

Hearing Qin Sheng spout such nonsense, Long Yin twisted his body and let out a shocking roar.

Long Yin wasn't the only one. Long Xu and the others also revealed looks of despair.

What they were most worried about and most afraid of had finally happened!

The good cards in his hands shattered into pieces.

Now.

Attack and defense changed positions, the situation reversed.

They were no longer the ones who had the upper hand.

If it was only Qin Sheng alone, they naturally had nothing to fear.

But.

The assassination plan could not be exposed to the public. Even if it was exposed, it could still be barely concealed.

However…

Now the nature was different.

The sufferer—

Not dead!

With the person involved and the irrefutable evidence, how could the dragon race survive in the eyes of thousands of races?

It would be fine if he was just an ordinary person!

But were they attacking an ordinary person?

In the name of the Dragon God!

There were also human pressure!

And the sacredness of the Terrifying Dragon Platform was not to be blasphemed!

All three had the advantage!

To be ridden on the face by a flying dragon, what the f*ck was this?

Not only them, as long as it involved this matter, no one could stay out of it. Even with the identity of the mastermind, they still could not escape. Every one of them had to die.

On the other hand, cannon fodder like them who carried out missions personally wouldn’t even care if they died, and their nine clans, clansmen, and relatives would all be implicated. Not a single one of them would be able to escape.

"You, you can't do anything!"

Long Yin shouted.

That pair of unyielding and violent eyes that had never changed finally revealed fear and terror at this moment.

Him.

Scared!

"Why not?" Qin Luo said, "Isn't it fair to exchange a life for a life? You guys killed me a hundred times, and I killed a hundred of your family members. What's wrong with that?"

“No, that’s not right. You—you can’t—”

Long Yin panicked and was speechless.

"Alright, cut the crap. It's about time."

Qin Luo Sheng's palm moved slightly, and the Water Vein Spirit Pearl, which had evolved further after the blessing of the Naga God, appeared in his hand. "You're very lucky. As a tool for me to show my determination and belief, you can be used by me as a sacrifice to the flag now. You don't have to be like those unlucky fellows over there. Three days later, you will watch helplessly as your clansmen and relatives are implicated because of your foolish actions. One by one, you will die before your eyes, bearing countless insults and curses, and then die in endless regret and despair!"

Long Yin violently shivered.

"Devil, you devil!" He cursed loudly. "You will go to hell!"

"Is that so? Then go to hell and wait for me first!" Qin Sheng was unmoved. He activated the abilities of the Water Vein Spirit Pearl without hesitation. "Water Spirit!"

————

P.S. Kavenka’s skin crawled.