Chapter 691: The End! Qin Luo Slaying The Dragon (3)

"Activate, Starlight Reversal!"

"Starlight Reversal activated successfully. Please choose the target that needs to be retraced!"

"Backtrack target—Starlight Blessing!"

"Retracing successful. Starlight Blessing's cooldown has been cleared. It can be used now!"

"Activate, Starlight Blessing!"

"Starlight Blessing activated successfully. Please choose a target that requires Blessing!"

"Blessing target—[Water Essence]!"

"Successfully chosen, [Water Essence] has been raised to perfection!"

Under the BUG-like abilities of the Lords of the Stars, the Spiritual Water Pearl in his hand instantly became bright and dense.

"Light of the Brave, activate!" (Light of the Brave has been depleted. After activating it, infuse the Light of the Brave into the chosen equipment or skill, producing double the effect! Cooldown: 24 hours!)

"Ding… Light of the Brave has been successfully activated. Please choose to enhance your equipment or skills!"

"Blessing of Water!"

"Success!"

It was extremely complicated, but in reality, only a second had passed.

"Water Spirit!"

The terrifying [Water Parting Essence], which had been enhanced to the extreme by the Blessing of Starlight and had double the effect of the Light of the Braveheart, was mercilessly used on Long Yin, who was now powerless to resist.

In an instant.

A huge silver ball of water was released from the Water Vein Spirit Pearl and floated above Long Yin's head.

Pop…

The ball of water split apart, and it left the water like mercury before pouring down like the milky way descending from the nine heavens. The silver light was deep, and it was extremely gorgeous.

"Ang…"

Long Yan, who was unable to move, was instantly drenched by the strengthened Li Water. A dense green smoke immediately rose, accompanied by a ‘zi zi 'sound that caused one's teeth to ache. Even Long Yan's painful dragon roar was covered.

The dragon scales melted!

The dragon skin melted!

The dragon meat melted!

The dragon blood melted!

The dragon bone melted!

…

One step, one step!

They advanced step by step!

After being strengthened by the Naga God, and after the upgrade of the Starlight Blessing to the extreme, and then using the Light of the Valiant to multiply its effect, even Long Yan's True Dragon body could not withstand it!

Besides.

Dragon Obliteration was a fire dragon. Among the five elements, water countered fire, and Water dealt 10% more damage.

"Brat, I'll wait for you in hell!"

As an old soldier who had experienced countless battles, Long Yin's violent and easily angered temper did not originate from his own race and attributes. Instead, it was formed from experience.

Even though he was about to die, he was still being slowly melted and tortured to death. Long Yin did not give in. Instead, he was extremely unyielding. Other than the initial involuntary scream, he did not utter a single sound.

"Then just you wait!"

Even though they were enemies, Qin Sheng was also very impressed by Long Yin's integrity and willpower. However, people who walked different paths would never work together. They would not rest until one of them was dead. Qin Sheng would not be soft-hearted, nor would he be soft-hearted. "Three days later, together with your little companions, your relatives and family, all of you shall wait for me in hell. Let's see when I will go down and give you all a chance to take revenge!"

Ding… congratulations on killing level 100 half-step Legendary Boss—Dragon Obliteration. As you have killed the Boss over level 100, you have received the highest bonus experience. According to the output distribution principle, you have received 120 million experience points and 120,000 Reputation! '

In an instant.

The golden light on Qin Luo Sheng's body flickered wildly.

One, two, three…

Five, ten, twenty…

After thirty-four flashes, it finally stopped.

One second.

From Level 0 to Level 34!

"There's always a way out!"

Qin Luo was instantly ecstatic.

Why did Long Yin and the others risk their lives to kill him?

It was all to prevent him from going to the Terrifying Dragon Platform!

Back then.

In the Dragon Palace Hall, he had made an agreement with the Black Dragon King in front of the Dragon Emperor and all the upper echelons of the Dragon Tribe. In a month's time, he would fight on the Terrifying Dragon Platform. The winner would rule over the loser!

But…

There was a prerequisite for this decisive battle: rank 30 Second Stage Profession.

If Qin Luo had not reached the level of a Rank 30 or Second Stage Profession within a month, then the premise was not there. The agreement on the Terrifying Dragon Platform would be considered invalid and Long Yuan would win without a fight.

Then—

Why was it that Long Yin and the others had already killed Qin Sheng countless times, dropping his level to Level 0, and had long since exceeded the limit of Level 30, and were still holding on tightly?

Apart from seeking pleasure from torture and venting his anger, it was also to allow him to gradually destroy his True Spirit under the pain of countless deaths.

The destruction of one's truesoul was equivalent to the shattering of one's soul. In this world, there was no such person. Even the blessings of the Goddess of Fate could not save him!

This was a complete and utter ‘kill’!

Which was what the players said—

Delete the account!

In other words.

If Long Yin and the others succeeded in their plan, then there would no longer be a character like Weeping Soul. Moreover, everything related to him, such as the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, Food Immortal, Mansion Number One in the nine main cities, and the bonds he had with Luo Li, Meng Meng, Damo and the other NPCs, would completely disappear.

Even if Qin Luo could make a comeback, he was still him and had only changed his ID. However, it was different for Weeping Souls. Weeping Souls had really died and could never return.

"This saves me three days!"

Initially, Qin Luo was still planning on how to use the three days of advancement to raise his level from level 0 to the level of Second Stage Professional. Unexpectedly, there was a silver lining.

Originally, he only wanted to give an explanation to Luo Li and the Rose Knight Legion that had suffered heavy casualties under her command. Disregarding his identity as the Dragon Lord, he used the identity of the human, Qi Hun, to make his stand clear. He wanted to make it clear that he stood together with them. From then on, he would personally slay the dragon and kill Long Yin, cutting off all paths of retreat.

Unexpectedly.

It was an unexpected surprise.

Even though Long Yin had been severely injured by the sleeve of the Human Emperor's personal attendant and was on the verge of death, Qin Sheng had only taken advantage of him and stabbed him once when he was still breathing.

But at the end of the day, Qin Luo was Level 0 while Long Yin was Level 100!

The difference was like the difference between an ant and a dragon.

A true dragon, even if it was a dragon swimming in Shallow Beach, it was definitely not something an ant could do anything to!

Still.

Qin Sheng was the master of the stars, the light of the brave, and the essence of water.

All sorts of bugs and restrictive abilities were gathered together. In addition, Long Yin's body was shattered and covered in wounds. This gave Li Shui the best opportunity to infiltrate him. Without any hindrance, he entered Long Yin's body through the wounds and achieved the most perfect effect without any effort.

Thus…

That was how a Level 0 player could kill a Level 100 player, an unarmed player who had the strength of a half-step Legendary and a true dragon—absolutely a miracle!

"What a pity!" Qin Sheng felt slightly regretful when he saw that Long Yin had completely melted and not a single drop of blood was left. "This is the second time, right? The first time, I used the Heaven Shattering Strike to destroy the Undead Lich, but not a single scrap was left behind. Now, it's the Li Water Essence that corroded Long Yin, and not even a single dragon scale is left.—God knows what good things I've missed!"

————

Author’s Note: It’s still in Kavin… But I’ve finally resolved the encirclement of the Bear Mountain. For the following storyline, please allow me to consider it.