Chapter 694: Killing Intent! The Dreadfiend Wheel Appears Again!

"What did you say? I don't understand at all!"

Qin Luo quibbled.

“Third evidence. Experience and equipment.”

Du Qiangwei completely ignored Qin Sheng. She merely stretched out three of her jade-like fingers and continued to take out her evidence, continuing to "convince people with reason". She said, "Your experience betrayed you. Before you went offline, you had just leveled up, and on the second day, you leveled up again very quickly. Even if you got the most experience, your level far exceeds ours, so it's impossible for you to level up so quickly. The only explanation is that you gained quite a lot of experience while we were away."

"This might be my groundless speculation. There's no basis for it. It's just speculation. However, you were too careless and overlooked one thing—the equipment rankings. The day before, the equipment rankings were the same as before. The next day, there were suddenly two additional pieces of equipment—Ghost Face and Soul Guiding Lamp. Furthermore, the owner was you!"

Qin Sheng:…

"In this way, you can secretly go online for two hours and confirm it completely. Combining the evidence from the gaming capsule before, I made a thorough investigation and found you, Qin Luo Sheng, or rather, Weeping Soul!"

“You’re smart. You’ve thought things through very thoroughly. Unfortunately, you’re still too inexperienced to notice certain details. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to find you.”

Du Qiangwei continued, "Your horizons are limited. Otherwise, you wouldn't have been exposed. The appearance of the Hidden Dragon Pavilion made you earn a lot of money, but it also exposed you further. You didn't turn virtual currency into real currency on the day that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion made a huge profit, nor did you put gold coins on the black market to sell. Instead, after a long time, you paid a huge transaction fee through a virtual trading platform that no one could find. You've already sought stability."

"However, there is no such thing as an impenetrable wall in this world. For such a large sum of money to suddenly appear in your account, even if you were to transfer it in batches, it would be enough to attract people with ulterior motives like me!"

Qin Luo Sheng: "??”

Like you?

Tsk!

Are you very proud?

Was this something honorable?

You t

How dare he speak so eloquently in front of me?

"Are you done? If you are, move aside!"

Qin Luo Sheng looked at Du Qiangwei indifferently with a face full of impatience. "If you're sick, then please go and see the doctor yourself. Don't say such nonsense here. I'll solemnly tell you once, I'm not a Weeping Soul Beast. Whether you believe me or not is up to you!"

"You can't escape!"

Even though Qin Luo was so resistant, Du Qiangwei was still as cold and charming as ever. She did not do anything that did not conform to her status or temperament. Instead, she said, "I can find your identity because we had worked together before. I found some clues and deduced from them."

“You, on the other hand, must have missed more clues than that. It’s impossible that I’m the only one who noticed it. Do you think you’ll be as safe as you are now after the others find out your true identity? Do you think the others will be as gentle as I am?”

Qin Luo took a deep breath and suppressed the fear and uneasiness in his heart. He still said the same thing as before. "I've said it before. I'm not a Weeping Soul Beast. How many times do you want me to say it before you believe me?"

"He really won't shed a tear until he sees the coffin!"

Du Qiangwei was also irritated by Qin Sheng's refusal to admit it. She frowned and said coldly, "It's meaningless for you to resist now. This matter is very easy to verify. There's no point in resisting me. I'm here to seek cooperation with you. Cooperation is naturally a win-win for both of us. There's no need for you to reject me like this."

"Is there something wrong with your brain? How many times do I have to say it before you believe me?—Forget it, I can't afford to offend you, but can't I avoid you? Take it that I'm afraid of you. I'll leave, alright?"

Qin Luo Sheng was about to forcefully close the door when a woman in a suit who was enjoying the breeze on the side of the corridor rushed over at an abnormal speed. Her body rose into the air and she kicked the door heavily with an incomparably handsome kick.

Bang…

There was a loud explosion. Qin Shengzhi felt a sense of danger and retreated without hesitation.

As it turned out.

Qin Luo Sheng's instinct was correct.

Under the petite woman’s kick, a large dent appeared on the surface of the thick anti-theft door. The entire door broke free from the wall and was sent flying. It smashed heavily onto the ground, creating a loud sound.

"F*ck, so ruthless?"

The corner of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched as he looked at the ground that had been splattered with huge dust and the pitiful footprints on the security door. He was deeply shocked by the strange strength of the woman in the suit and was somewhat dumbfounded.

This was freaking awesome!

Even a world champion would not be able to do it, alright?

Where did these two women come from?

“Whatever the lady says, you do. Understand?”

The lady in the suit nodded her head in satisfaction when she saw Qin Sheng's foolish look of being intimidated by her. She swept a cold glance at Qin Sheng and said fiercely, "Otherwise, this door will be your outcome."

"Threatening me?"

Qin Sheng, who was already filled with rage, was immediately enraged by the words of the woman in the suit. He raised his head and his pitch-black pupils revealed an incomparably cold glint. A violent killing intent rose from nowhere and instantly filled his mind.

"Miss, be careful!"

Qin Luo Sheng's sudden change in aura could not be hidden from the woman in the suit. His expression changed drastically as he took a big step forward as if he was facing a great enemy and stood in front of Du Qiangwei. His entire body was tense and cold sweat could not stop dripping from his forehead.

"Who are you?"

The woman in the suit had never seen such a violent and aggressive crushing momentum. Even her master, whom she regarded as a god, was far inferior to it.

She was afraid!

She finally knew what kind of existence she had angered!

Based on this aura alone, this man in front of her was definitely not a good person!

Buzz…

The violent qi could not suppress Qin Luo, so he complied with nature and released it.

The killing intent that surged into his mind was instantly activated and rushed towards the suited lady and Du Qiangwei.

As Qin Luo Sheng's thoughts circulated, an unknown metal object that was filled with an evil aura suddenly appeared in his originally empty palm. It shone with a cold and sharp light. It was precisely the corner of the Dreadfiend Wheel that had been forgotten ever since he had obtained it from Luo Qin and followed him to the real world.

At this moment.

For some reason, it had suddenly awakened from its deep slumber and resonated with Qin Sheng. It had continuously released its desire for fresh blood to convey its desire for slaughter.