Chapter 695: The Beast Of Desire

"Hey, are you guys tearing down the house upstairs? What the hell is going on?"

Just as Qin Luo was about to be controlled by his violent consciousness and use the Dreadfiend Wheel to kill someone…

Just as Du Qiangwei and the suited woman’s bodies stiffened as if they’d been targeted by a prehistoric beast, they were unable to move their feet under the suppression that came from the level of life, and they couldn’t even call for help.

Suddenly.

A flurry of footsteps sounded downstairs.

And—

A furious roar could be heard.

In an instant.

The ice melted and the killing intent retracted.

Qin Sheng, who had been awakened, looked at the two women who were trembling in extreme fear. He frowned and forcefully suppressed the Demon Wheel of Terror's thoughts, barely regaining his rationality.

"You, you…"

A young man in pajamas and flip-flops with messy hair strode over. It was obvious that he had been woken up from his sleep. He was waiting for a pair of bloodshot eyes to curse when he suddenly saw two beautiful girls. His face immediately turned red and he could no longer curse.

"Deal with it!"

Du Qiangwei glanced at Qin Sheng in shock. Suppressing the urge to turn around and run, she gave the female bodyguard in a suit a look.

Seeing this.

The woman in the suit hurriedly took three steps at a time. She lowered her head and did not even dare to look at Qin Sheng. That gentle look on her face made it impossible to tell that she was the one who had kicked the door open with extreme violence.

"I repeat, I'm not a Weeping Soul Beast. Now, get lost!"

Qin Luo Sheng used his supreme willpower to force the Dreadfiend Wheel back. He also suppressed the killing intent that it was constantly sending over. He glanced coldly at Du Qiangwei and said in a low voice, "Don't come looking for trouble again. Otherwise, you won't be so lucky next time."

"Cooperate!"

They had already been to the gates of hell. However, Du Qiangwei still did not give up. She boldly told Qin Sheng, who was like a tyrannosaurus rex, "Whether you're a Weeping Soul Beast or not, I hope to cooperate with you!"

"I don't need it. Scram!"

Qin Luo Sheng roared in a deeper tone, like a wild beast.

Him.

It was as if he had triggered the evil spirit's evil box. Now that the evil spirit had descended into this world, it borrowed the negative emotions in his heart that he could not get rid of and began to stir up trouble. It wanted to influence him, control him, and enslave him.

Now.

He could barely suppress it, but this state wouldn't last long.

Even though the Demon Wheel of Fear belonged to him, it was still a demonic artifact after all. It was extremely sinister and evil. It had finally awoken once, so how could it be willing to “not eat” anything, settle down, and fall asleep again?

Thinking back to the past.

This was the first time they had seen him, and he had just been scared into submission. It was only under the control of Luo Qin that the High Priest of Fate's Temple of Starlight City and the two high priests of the City Lord Residence had worked together to beat him up and taught him a harsh lesson. It was unknown what methods they had used to escape, but they had used him to avoid the disaster of destruction. Naturally, they were very obedient towards their "savior" and did not cause any trouble!

The second time they met, it was awakened by the Nine Neonate's inner core. Fortunately, at that time, it yearned for the Nine Neonate's inner core and did not care about anything else. Therefore, after "feeding" the Nine Neonate's inner core to it, it got its wish and continued to sleep, digesting it on its own.

This was the third time.

With his anger and hostility as the energy source, he was stimulated to wake up.

This time, without a "snack" like the Nine Neonate's Inner Core, how could he resolve this?

Qin Luo felt his head swelling and his scalp tingling.

Even if he was the master and the Dreadfiend Wheel was his servant, the Dreadfiend Wheel could do nothing to him.

But.

As a Demon Weapon, how could the Dreadfiend Wheel not have any face?

It used to be the Dharma treasure of the Fearsome Demon King. It relied on it to run amok. Even the current master, Qin Sheng, was unaware of its abilities.

But Qin Luo knew one thing very well.

This thing could guide and magnify one's negative emotions infinitely.

When the time came.

Even if the Dreadfiend Wheel did not control him, he, who was drowned by negative emotions, had already turned into an irrational beast!

If it were any other time, Qin Sheng would have been fine with it. But now was the time when he had nowhere to vent his anger. He was simply unlucky!

“I was careless. I never expected that there would actually be such an undeserved calamity!”

Qin Luo's heart turned cold as he gritted his teeth and endured.

"Kill, kill, kill…"

The will of the Dreadfiend Wheel continuously attacked Qin Luo's final clarity.

Its will followed Qin Sheng's master's will. It was the most genuine and most desired display in his heart.

Except.

Qin Sheng was a human. He had a healthy personality and the right values. His heart was bound by morals and laws. He was different from wild beasts who only acted on instinct!

So.

As much as he longed to kill, he could control himself.

However…

The Dreadfiend Wheel was different.

It was dead and did not have any consciousness. It only followed its instincts and only wanted to vent its anger. It only wanted to help its master "resolve problems". After all, if it did not vent out its anger accumulated in its body, it would not be good for its body!

Hmm ~

That's right.

My Demon Wheel of Fear is so "considerate"!

"I don't know why you're so against it. If we work together and win, everyone will benefit. Isn't it better for everyone to be happy?"

Du Qiangwei held back her fear and continued to persist. "Money, women, power… You can have whatever you want. Before you grow up, I can help you block all troubles. Things like the encirclement at Bear Mountain will never happen again. It's not just in the virtual world, but also in the real world. Your parents and family, I…"

"Are you… threatening me?"

Qin Sheng, who was already forcefully holding on, instantly exploded when he heard the words "parents and family" from Du Qiangwei. The situation that he was struggling to hold on to collapsed in an instant. Endless black Qi seeped out from the Dreadfiend Wheel and filled his entire heart.

The violence that had been suppressed to begin with was like a torrential flood when it came into contact with the black gas that contained many negative emotions. Once the dam burst open, it was unstoppable.

"In order to take revenge, Young Master Leiting collaborated with the dragon clan and plotted to kill me!" At this moment, Qin Sheng's pupils were completely black, and the whites of his eyes had been completely devoured. He looked extremely evil and strange, making people horrified. "Now, you've come to me in the real world again, threatening and enticing me, even using my family as a bargaining chip to threaten me. Where's Nan Nan? What happened to her?"

"You've finally admitted it!" Du Qiangwei looked at Qin Sheng with a complicated expression on her face. This man who had just admitted that he was a man who was crying his soul out had his heart in turmoil for a moment. Then, he frowned and asked in confusion, "Nan Nan? Who is Nan Nan?"

“You’re still pretending!” Du Qiangwei’s performance caused Qin Sheng’s rationality to be completely devoured. In the blink of an eye, his pitch-black pupils suddenly exploded with traces of blood-red color. He let out a strange laugh and stretched out his evil claws towards this fairy-like woman in front of him.

"Since you want to destroy everything I have, I'll destroy you first!"

Rip…

Qin Luo Sheng's exquisite and expensive handmade clothes were torn apart by brute force. A large patch of dazzling snow-white skin and the pink tinge on the proud peak of the snow lotus jumped out and swayed in his eyes.

Hu hu hu…

The visual impact, the emotional shock, caused Qin Luo, who was already possessed, to become extremely agitated. The malevolent and demonic blood vessels spread throughout his entire pupil.

He panted heavily.

A beast called Desire was released from his cage!

He wanted to make her…

Destroy, tear, trample, destroy…

——————

< EMPTY >