Chapter 699: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (1)

Xiao Shan.

The villas in Shanghai were of the highest quality. All the people living here were either rich or noble.

Besides.

This was not just about money.

Ordinary nouveau riche, no matter how rich they were, were not qualified to stay here.

In short,

To be able to live in Xiao Mountain, one had to be either a famous merchant or someone with a deep background in military affairs.

If it were in the past, Qin Luo Sheng would definitely be surprised by the quiet environment here. One had to know that this was Shanghai, where every inch of land was worth its weight in gold. The spaciousness of such a large mask and the wide variety of green plant masks was simply unbelievable.

"Miss, we're here!"

Soon.

The female bodyguard drove Qin Luo and Du Qiangwei to a European-style villa.

"Nothing much!"

This was Qin Luo's first reaction.

This villa…

It was too small, too ordinary, and Qian Lui's article had no personality.

Compared to his own mansion, any one of them could easily beat him up.

‘ Of course.’

Qin Qin Sheng was also very clear that comparing the main city of Fate World's Mansion Number One to the real world was really bullying.

Even though she did not know much about the property prices in such a high-end location, Du Qiangwei's so-called quiet villa was worth at least 300 million yuan.

What a nouveau riche!

"Show him the information in my study!"

After entering the villa, Du Qiangwei waved her hand tiredly and instructed the female bodyguard in a suit. She did not even look at Qin Sheng as she walked towards her room on the second floor.

"Yes, Boss!"

He lowered his head slightly and responded respectfully. The woman in the suit looked at Qin Sheng. There was a trace of fear and complexity in her eyes, as well as some anger. However, she still remembered Du Qiangwei's words. She gave an almost inaudible snort and led the way. "Follow me!"

Du Qiangwei's study was also on the second floor.

And not far from her room.

Because of the strengthening of Qin Luo's physique several times, his vision and hearing were different from that of ordinary people. The door blocked his eyes, but it could not block his ears. The sound of the water inside let him know what Du Qiangwei was doing right now.

"Shower?"

Although he was still in a daze, Qin Sheng had calmed down quite a bit after more than half an hour. Even though he was still worried and filled with doubts, when he heard the sound of the shower, Du Qiangwei's naked demon body could not help but appear in his mind. Furthermore, it was the kind of naked demon body that did not have a code. Instantly, he felt his body heat up again.

"Sit here for a while. I can't let you in without her permission!"

The woman in a suit brought Qin Sheng to a guest room on the second floor and let him rest there for a while. Perhaps it was because she was frightened, or perhaps it was because of her boss, Du Qiangwei's attitude, that she had specially explained it to him.

To that.

Qin Luo expressed his understanding.

For an ordinary person, a place like the study room might really be a study room. It could be used to read books and pass time, or it could be a temporary room for guests to come and quarrel with their wives.

But for those with power and influence, the study room was just a small office. The things inside were top-secret, even more important than the office.

He was only concerned about his family's information and Nan Nan's problem. Otherwise, he would not have followed Du Qiangwei here.

After all, this was his territory, and he had to show some respect.

"Here is all the relevant information. Take your time to read it!"

Very soon, the woman in a suit walked in with a huge stack of documents. She placed them on the desk in front of Qin Sheng and looked at him eagerly. She didn't mind and asked casually, "What do you want to drink?"

"Uh… Let's have an ice coke!"

Qin Sheng, who had just picked up the documents, was somewhat stunned. He took a glance at the woman in the suit and chose his favorite without hesitation.

"…Alright!"

The suited lady's lips twitched. She wanted to complain about something, but when she looked at Qin Sheng himself, she did not know where to complain.

‘ I think so.’

There was nothing wrong with that!

This was not like those big shots who had dealings with their boss, such as Missy and Young Master. Tea costing hundreds of thousands of yuan per gram, red wine costing seven digits, pure water costing tens of thousands…

Do you expect ordinary people to know this?

Volkswagen soda and drinks made sense.

Fortunately.

Du Qiangwei had a carefree best friend who was very, uh, down-to-earth. Hence, there was coke in the villa as well. Otherwise, whether it was the wine cellar that was worth more than ten million yuan or the vintage tea room… they probably wouldn't be able to find Qin Sheng's "unique taste"!

Qin Luo Sheng naturally did not know the female suitor's unspoken criticism, but he focused his attention on the information in his hands.

It was detailed.

It was extremely detailed.

It recorded all the information regarding "Qin Sheng". Even as a transmigrator who had absorbed the memories of his previous self, he did not know as much as this information.

He had thoroughly investigated the eighteen generations of ancestors of his previous self.

"Damn it!"

Qin Sheng did not pay attention to the information of Qin Luo's life. He quickly flipped to the "recent situation" and looked at the words and the mixed pictures on it. In an instant, the anger that he had suppressed erupted once again, and his anger was rekindled.

"No wonder Mother hasn't called recently. I see."

The white and smooth A4 paper had become extremely wrinkled under Qin Luo's strength. However, the photo that had not been touched was different. It was flat and clean, and the person in the photo was a woman. She looked like an ordinary woman who had been through many hardships. However, there were bruises and swelling on her face. Her forehead was also wrapped in gauze, and there was a faint red color on it. It was obvious that it was blood that had been exposed after being bandaged.

"Is it that b * tch Li Ru again?"

Qin Luo was furious.

Having taken over the memories of his predecessor, he naturally knew the suffering his predecessor had suffered.

As for his predecessor, he was 18 years old and was supposed to be in university. He left his hometown and went to a faraway place like Shanghai to earn a living. He suffered all kinds of hardships and was even taken revenge on. Not only did he lose his first job, but he was also injured and had no money to treat his illness. In that damp, dark, and musty basement, his fever did not subside and he did not make it. That was how he managed to take over the place and transmigrate.

Now.

Old grudges were not settled yet, but new grudges were formed.

"Li Ru, I haven't settled the blood feud between you and Lin Mingzhou yet. I didn't expect you to jump out and cause trouble. Very good, very good."

Qin Luo Sheng gnashed his teeth. "If I don't get rid of you adulterers completely, I won't be able to rest in peace. I, Qin Sheng from Earth, won't be able to clear my mind and I won't be happy either. Besides, you, evil woman, actually dare to touch my family. I'll definitely let you end in the most miserable way, never to rise again."