Chapter 697: Awakening From The Dream! Shocked! Jerk!

In the real world.

Qin Luo Sheng woke up from his slumber.

"Where… am I?"

His entire body was aching, and his head felt as if it had been trampled by an elephant. It was so painful that it felt like it was about to split open.

“My house?”

Qin Sheng tried his best to open his eyes and look at the familiar ceiling. When he realized where he was, he frowned slightly. After he regained consciousness, his mind began to spin as memories flooded in.

Except.

When the familiar woman came to his door and kicked the door open, his memory broke.

Those behind.

He had forgotten, he could not remember!

"What happened? Why am I unconscious?"

Qin Luo tried his best to recall, but he could not recall what happened after that at all. He could not remember what exactly happened to him, why he was in such a weak state and unbearable pain.

“Mm? Who is it?”

She wanted to get up but suddenly felt that something was not right. There seemed to be something pressing on her body.

He lowered his head to take a look.

The first thing she saw was a messy bed and a waterfall-like hair…

This?

Qin Luo's eyes widened in shock.

What was going on?

Am I dreaming?

Why would a woman appear on my bed?

Could it be that he had been single for so long that he even thought of women in his dreams?

Qin Luo's brain went blank for a moment.

But.

The pain all over his body and the real touch of her pillow on his arm had already drifted into his nose.

All of this reminded him that it was true!

He had really been unknowingly slept with by someone else. He had lost his virginity of nearly 50 years old in both lifetimes!

"You're finally awake!"

Just as Qin Luo was at a complete loss, the woman in his arms seemed to have sensed his state. She raised her head, revealing a face that could topple kingdoms and empires. However, the owner of this face was currently pale, and her pair of seemingly quiet eyes contained indescribable anger and… complexity!

"It's you?"

Qin Luo was dumbfounded.

This woman was actually the ice beauty who had come knocking!

Tsk!

I f*cking split open!

If he remembered correctly, they had only known each other for less than a day. No, to be precise, they had only known each other for less than an hour.

This.

How did it develop? How did it skip countless steps in an instant and directly reach the last step and land a home run?

This was inconceivable in the ancient times of feudalism, but in today's society, it was very common.

But.

This didn't make sense!

He was a loser, but this woman, no matter how he looked at her, seemed to belong to the kind of girl who was blessed by the heavens, had an extraordinary background, and came from a prominent family.

Why would they be together?

"Miss!"

A worried voice came from outside.

And this voice.

Qin Sheng was stunned.

If he wasn’t hallucinating, this should be the voice of the violent woman in the suit. That’s right, it was that superman who kicked his door away and left a deep footprint on the metal door!

"F*ck!"

Qin Luo's face instantly turned green.

Initially, he was already challenging his outlook on life by doing something with an unknown woman. Unexpectedly, there was actually another woman standing guard outside the door. Didn't that mean that others had been listening to him for the entire night?

This, this, this…

This was too exciting!

I'm going to f*cking spiral into the sky and explode on the spot!

"I'm fine!"

The ice beauty in his arms spoke in the same cold tone as before. It was the same as when Qin Luosheng had met her. It was as if she was not affected by the fact that she was still lying in the arms of a stranger.

"How's the aftermath going?"

Ice asked.

"Everything has been passed down. To the public, Miss, you have gone to the villa in Mount Xiao to meditate. No one knows your whereabouts!"

The woman in a suit outside replied.

"That's good. Prepare the car and leave this place as soon as possible!"

Ice Beauty instructed.

"Yes!"

The woman in the suit was very efficient. After she gave the order, she immediately took action.

"Bang…"

The footsteps outside gradually faded away. Very soon, the soft sound of a door closing entered the ears of Qin Sheng and Qin Luo. Instantly, the room that had a little liveliness returned to silence.

“How long do you want to lie down? Or do you want to relive my scent?”

The ice beauty looked at Qin Luo Sheng expressionlessly. Her tone was icy cold, and one could not tell if she was originally speaking in such a manner or if she was angry. "Get up and follow me!"

The corners of Qin Luo Sheng's mouth twitched once. He really wanted to rebut her, but when he saw her frowning slightly as she got up with a slightly pained expression, and then saw the dried blood on the bed, he swallowed back the words he was about to say.

"I don't know what happened, but it was an accident. It's not an excuse, and I'm not a jerk."

Qin Sheng forced himself to shift his gaze away from the naked back that was as smooth as jade, as smooth as silk and as pure as a snow lotus. He swallowed hard, then bit the tip of his tongue heavily. Only then did he not fall for the tricks of this demoness before him. He lowered his eyes and said, "I'll say it again. I'm not a sobbing soul. You've found the wrong person. I'm just an ordinary person, a geek, a loser. As for you, although I don't know your identity, your aura, your looks, your clothes, and the bodyguards beside you, all of them are displayed. Your status is extremely honorable and I'm not worthy of you."

"So?" Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, the ice beauty looked over with an even colder gaze. Her originally quiet expression suddenly had a trace of killing intent. "Are you treating me as an indecent woman and playing with you for a night?"

Qin Sheng:…

"This is not my fault!"

As he looked at the naked fruit body that was exposed before him, on the mountain range that was at least 36D, a certain pink scenery came into view. Qin Sheng's eyes were staring straight and his mouth was dry.

Past and present lives.

When had he ever seen such a scene and experienced such a battle?

Except.

Perhaps it was the benefits of transmigration, the spiritual evolution brought by the world of destiny, or the stability of the realm of the great sorcerer. The loser's mentality had lasted for too long, but he was still not tempted and endured it.

"Whether you believe me or not, I'm the victim here. I have no idea what happened!"

The moment he said that.

Instantly.

The temperature in the room plummeted.

The ice beauty, who had initially appeared indifferent, now had a trace of anger in her eyes. Then, she returned to being cold and ruthless, condensing into killing intent!

"We're all adults and should be responsible for our own words and actions. This is your first time, and so am I. Why don't we just drop the matter? I…"