Chapter 696: The Emperor Of Great Xia And The Mysterious Girl

World of Destiny.

The Grand Xia Empire.

In the capital.

Purple Mansion Palace.

The current Human Ruler, the Emperor of the Great Xia Empire, Xuanyuan Chen, sat on the dragon throne and read through the memorials seriously.

Now that the human race was powerful, they had long become the overlords of the world. They might not be invincible, but they were definitely the biggest force in the continent.

Except.

Humans were good at internal strife.

Ever since he had become the overlord of the world, due to various reasons, the Human Race, which used to slay immortals and gods, had gradually forgotten the glory of the ancestors of the Human Race. After some internal strife, they had fallen apart.

Now.

The human race had split into countless factions. Even though there were a few countries that were extremely powerful, many of them had colluded with the shameless gods of the ancient human ancestors to preserve their powerful forces.

The true orthodoxy was Great Xia!

The Great Xia was still the same as the ancient human race. While worshipping the heavens and earth, they also did not believe in heaven and earth. They did not respect the gods and buddhas. They worshiped the wise sages of the human race who led the human race to its current glory, as well as their ancestors. They firmly believed that humans would prevail over the heavens and not become the source of faith for the gods and buddhas, becoming another kind of "livestock"!

Hence.

The Grand Xia, which adhered to the will of the human race, followed the tradition of the Grand Xia. The Grand Xia, which was the successor to the throne… obtained the support of the human race and was the strongest!

"Your Majesty!"

Xuanyuan Chen, who was handling political matters with a cinnabar pen, heard a familiar voice outside the Purple Mansion Hall.

"Come in!"

The pen in his hand paused slightly. Xuanyuan Chen was still frowning as he looked at the memorial in his hand. He did not even raise his head as he spoke indifferently.

"Yes!"

The people outside the room responded with extreme respect. They quietly opened the door, their actions extremely gentle, fearing that they would disturb the Human Emperor inside.

“Eunuch Li!”

The person respectfully stood 20 meters away from Xuanyuan Chen. He lowered his head and did not say a word. After a few minutes, Xuanyuan Chen finished dealing with the memorial in his hand. He then raised his head and looked at the humble and respectful young attendant. His tone was slightly relaxed as he said, "How's the matter going?"

"Your Majesty, the matter has been settled!"

Upon hearing the Human Ruler's words, the attendant first bowed, then raised his head slightly. His tone was low, but his voice was not weak. He did not want Xuanyuan Chen to not hear him because his voice was too weak, nor did he want his voice to be too strong and shock the emperor. "With His Majesty's personal letter, a single word is enough to suppress a country and is as vast as an abyss. How can a few small dragons be rash?"

As eunuch Li spoke, he held the imperial decree in both hands and knelt on the ground to report.

"Hmm, tell me the details!"

The personal eunuch walked over and received the imperial edict that Li had received. He handed it over to the table respectfully. Xuanyuan Chen did not move and instead asked, "Don't miss a single spot!"

"Yes!"

Attendant Li lowered his head and knelt on the ground.

"What audacity!"

Hearing the contents, a hint of anger appeared on Xuanyuan Chen's already dignified face. In an instant, the aura of the empire erupted, and the golden dragon's fate energy rose. It scared the eunuchs and palace maids in the Purple Mansion Palace until they all knelt on the ground and touched their heads to the ground, shivering and not even daring to breathe.

"Previously, when the Dragon Abyss summoned the dragon race to enter the territory of Great Xia, if it wasn't for the Dragon Emperor personally rushing over to explain, we would have taken down that black dragon who didn't know what was good for him and killed the sacrificial flag. I didn't expect that this time, it would be even worse, attacking my people, the heroes of Great Xia."

Xuanyuan Chen said angrily, "Are those guys tired of living? Do they really think that the Dragon God signed an alliance agreement with the Three Sovereigns of the Human Race and used the Dragon Race as the condition to become the guardian beast of Great Xia, allowing Great Xia to not pursue the crime of the previous Human Emperor starting a war between races, and even let them share the destiny of Great Xia? Do they really think that the territory of Great Xia is their Dragon Island, that they can come and go as they please?"

"Your Majesty, please calm down!"

When an emperor was angry, millions of corpses would be buried and blood would flow for thousands of miles. This was no joke.

Human Emperor.

That was the Human Ruler!

He could become a god with a single word, and he could destroy gods with a single word.

Even gods didn't dare to act rashly, and ordinary people like them didn't dare to be disrespectful.

"Everyone, get up!"

In the end, he was still the human emperor. His imperial power and imperial heart were perfected. Xuanyuan Chen quickly restrained his imperial aura. He looked at the people kneeling below and waved his hand to get them to stand up. At the same time, he looked at Eunuch Li and praised him lightly, “You’ve done well. Go to the Internal Affairs Palace and receive three spirit pills. This is my reward for you. You may leave!”

"Thank you, Your Majesty!"

eunuch Li knelt down and kowtowed once more before retreating respectfully. He left the Purple Mansion Hall and headed to the Internal Affairs Palace to receive his rewards.

"You guys can leave too!"

Xuanyuan Chen spoke again.

Instantly.

All the eunuchs and palace maids that served the Purple Mansion Hall bowed and left.

"Little Chen'zi, pretty impressive!"

When the doors to the Purple Mansion Hall were closed by the eunuchs, a petite figure suddenly appeared in front of Xuanyuan Chen, the Emperor of Great Xia. She was sitting on the dragon throne that only Xuanyuan Chen could make, and her nickname was enough to scare people to death. She actually dared to call the most powerful man such a 'disrespectful' nickname.

"This… You must be joking, ancestor!"

Just a moment ago, he was still saying that he did not even care about the dragon race and wanted to use this opportunity to wipe out the domineering Emperor Xuanyuan Chen of the dragon island. When he saw the little girl lying on his dragon throne without any image, he hurriedly bowed respectfully.

"Stop! Calling me ancestor or sister? Hmph, you're calling me old!"

She was only 1.3 meters tall and looked pretty and cute. She was only about 13 or 14 years old, yet she had the charm to mesmerize everyone. Her almond-shaped eyes were wide open as she snorted unhappily. "She's really not cute at all!"

Xuanyuan Chen:…

"Forget it, what a blockhead!"

When she saw Xuanyuan Chen standing respectfully by the side and abiding by the rules, the little girl curled her lips with flagging interest and said, "How's the matter I asked you to do?"

"It's done!"

Xuanyuan Chen hurriedly replied, afraid that he would be too slow to recover. He was very afraid that his ancestor, who had just come to find him, would cause trouble again.

"That's good!"

The little girl nodded in satisfaction. Then, she jumped off the dragon throne and skipped towards the back garden. "Remember, this is what you did. It has nothing to do with me!"

"I understand!"

Xuanyuan Chen said, "Even without your orders, as the current Emperor of the Great Xia Kingdom, I will not allow the dragon race to cause trouble in Great Xia's territory. This time, even if the Dragon Lord comes again, it will be useless. I will definitely kill those few dragons!"

"Kill what! Just do as Father says!"

The little girl's wine-red demonic pupils flashed, and she fiercely glared at Xuanyuan Chen. She snorted and said, "Three days from now, it will be his appointment at the Terrifying Dragon Platform. For this, he has prepared for a whole month. Even if there are variables now, fortunately, it has not developed to the point of no return. Since he has already sworn an oath to use his own methods to seek justice, then you should not interfere. Leave the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform to him, and you can do the other things that you should do. He must become strong as soon as possible. Without experiencing pain and without motivation, how can he grow?"

"Yes, I know what to do!"

Xuanyuan Chen did not have the slightest bit of the majesty of an emperor as he respectfully agreed.

"Mmm, that's good!"

The little girl nodded with satisfaction and left the Purple Mansion Hall from the back door, heading towards a certain residence deep in the palace. "I'll stay here for this period of time. Oh right, I've put some blood on that Vermillion White Crane that you raised in the imperial garden. Get someone to take good care of it and nourish it so that it can recover as soon as possible. Its blood is not bad, and I like it very much. I'm full today, so I won't be eating anymore. Tomorrow, send the Sacred Light Swan from your beast park over and let me love it!"

Xuanyuan Chen:???