Chapter 692: Settlement! The Doomsday Of The Adorable Child'S Father

Shanghai.

At a district.

"Quick, pack up!"

A young man pushed open the door anxiously and looked at his wife, who was cooking in the kitchen. He quickly walked over and turned off the fire, ignoring the fragrant pork ribs in the pot. He pulled the woman, who was still wet and wearing an apron, out.

"What's wrong? I'm still cooking!"

His wife was baffled, but she did not struggle. She allowed her husband to pull her out of the kitchen.

"There's no time to explain. We have to leave quickly!"

The young man didn’t say anything, but his expression was anxious as always.

"Alright!"

The woman did not ask any further. She removed her apron and dragged a suitcase out from under the bed before swiftly packing up!

"Daddy!"

In the pink room, the princess-like girl was well taken care of. When she saw the young man enter with his forehead full of sweat, her eyes that were like black pearls were filled with curiosity. However, she did not probe further and just obediently called out.

"Good girl!"

The young man's face was filled with panic and fear. The moment he entered the room, or rather, the harbor, it instantly dissipated. His entire person became like a spring breeze. He walked over with a smile on his face in three steps and two steps. He picked up the little angel who was obediently lying on the bed and lovingly rubbed his short beard on her tender face, making the little girl giggle continuously.

"Daddy, when are you bringing me to the amusement park?"

The little girl pushed at the young man's face and looked at him. Her eyes were filled with anticipation and desire.

"Soon… soon. Let's set off today and visit our grandparents, alright?"

The guilt in the young man's eyes disappeared in a flash. Then, he said, "Daddy is on leave. Can you accompany my good daughter for the next few days?"

"Really, Daddy? That's great!"

The little girl clapped her hands excitedly, her little face filled with happiness. Then, she looked at the young man again. His face did not look like he was trying to coax her, but it was then that she truly beamed with happiness. "Then let's go quickly. I miss Grandpa and Grandma so much. I miss the candy that Grandpa prepared, and I miss Grandma's braised pork!"

As he spoke.

She struggled and wanted to jump out of the young man's arms to pack her clothes and take her favorite toy.

"Be good, Daddy will go prepare."

The young man went out and looked at his wife, who was putting cash and clothes into her suitcase. He walked quickly to the corner of the room and opened a secret safe. He took out a few gold bars and some valuable jade jewelry.

"Stop packing!"

Seeing that his wife had dragged out another suitcase and was about to stuff clothes and daily necessities into it, the young man called out in a low voice and stopped her. He walked over, swept all the medicine his daughter needed into the suitcase, and pulled his wife's hand towards his daughter's room.

"Carry your daughter. I'll go to the garage to get the car!"

The young man instructed before carrying his luggage and grabbing his car keys to leave.

Yet.

When the young man walked to the door, he suddenly heard the sound of steady footsteps outside.

Instantly.

His face was pale, without any color. His young and strong body was like an old man on the verge of death, trembling and weak all over. If not for him supporting himself against the wall, he would have already collapsed.

"Daddy, who's here?"

Despite being separated by a single door, he was still with the Grim Reaper.

The youth wilted.

His wife, who was behind him, hugged her daughter tightly in her arms. She lowered her head and her expression could not be seen clearly.

The only pure and innocent child who had no idea what was about to happen asked innocently, "Is it the doctor from last time?"

Many orderly footsteps disappeared.

What followed was the sound of footsteps approaching.

"It's over, it's over."

The young man looked through the peephole and saw two rows of burly men wearing black sunglasses and black suits standing at his door. At that moment, they were divided into two rows and stood there like soldiers. In the middle path, there was a very young but dignified man walking over step by step.

"He's here. How could it be him? How could he have come personally?"

When he saw Lin Yatu, the young man's strong spirit finally collapsed. He collapsed to the ground like a noodle. His eyes were lifeless as he mumbled to himself. He had completely collapsed.

"Li Xiong, open the door!"

Linatu walked closer and looked at the security door with the word "Fu" on it. His expression was dark but his tone was calm. There was nothing unusual about him.

This was a compulsory lesson for those in power.

He did not show his emotions.

Yet.

The young man who had been with Lin Yatu for so long, his real name was Li Xiong. He had the ID "Fate Dimension" and was a cute father. He knew very well how angry Lin Yatu was.

The last time he saw Lin Yatu in such a state was when he was dealing with a traitor and colluding with a rival company to cause more than nine digits of damage to the Lin Group.

The next day.

He had seen the news. The executive had been found dead on the street. Not only had he died an unnatural death, but he had also been subjected to excruciating inhumane torture before his death. In the end, the official investigation and surveillance footage had shown that it was done by a group of underage hoodlums with the aim of robbery.

In fact.

No one knew better than him who the real culprit was!

Besides.

It wasn't just the executive himself who was in trouble. His family was also being controlled by a pair of big hands, losing their assets, getting fired from their jobs… In short, everything was going wrong!

The adults were like this, and the children were not spared either. They suffered all kinds of bullying in school.

From then on, the entire family lived in the abyss of suffering!

This kind of social torture, which relied on rules and did not violate the law, lasted for half a year. After half a year, the entire family was finally driven mad and burned charcoal to commit suicide!

"Li Xiong, open the door!"

Outside the door, Lin Yatu repeated his words.

His tone did not change, but the coldness in it became even stronger.

Crack!

The door opened.

Li Xiong knew very well that when this man appeared in front of him, any resistance would be futile. He was dead for sure. The only difference was how he died, whether he died alone or dragged his family down with him.

"Boss!"

Lin Yatu, who was usually kind and never put on airs, was now looking at Li Xiong as if he was looking at a dead man. Li Xiong fell to his knees, "I'm sorry!"

"Apologize?"

Lin Yatu lowered his body and looked at Li Xiong, who was like a pile of mud with tears streaming down his face. He was even worse than a stray dog. Lin Yatu said coldly, "You've been with me for so long, you should know my character very well. I've never been stingy with my own people. But once you make an enemy out of me, especially if you betray me, you've seen the outcome many times.”

"Boss, please spare me. I'm a rotten person. I admit to my mistakes. It doesn't matter how you treat me. But my family is innocent. Please let them go. Please, please…"

One after another, heads fell heavily onto the ground. Soon, a large pool of scarlet blood appeared on the smooth tile floor.

"Daddy…"

The little girl was insensible, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t feel the atmosphere. It had nothing to do with experience or knowledge. It was instinct. Instinct made her afraid. It made her afraid. It was just that when she saw her beloved father hurt, feelings suppressed her fear and made her cry out.

"Sister-in-law, don't be afraid. This has nothing to do with you."

Lin Yatu looked at the woman who was hugging the struggling child and refusing to let her get off the bed. He smiled like a spring breeze and said, "The bone marrow I asked someone to keep an eye on has arrived. Let's go. Come with me to the hospital. Who knows, we might be able to match this time!”

“No, don’t—”

Li Xiong suddenly grabbed Lin Yatu’s leg. However, a man in black behind him kicked him away.

"I'll leave this place to you!"

Lin Yatu turned and left. Behind him were two burly men 'escorting' women and children.

"Wow…"

The warm door of the small house was closed. Li Xiong's painful cries were accompanied by the muffled sounds of beating. Finally, the little girl, who had been suppressing herself, burst into heart-wrenching tears.

…