Chapter 698: Suspicious Strangers! Mysterious Nannan!

"Get up and follow me!"

She took a deep breath without leaving a trace. The ice beauty thought that her actions were well-hidden, but in reality, it was true. If not for the fact that something had shaken imperceptibly, Qin Sheng would not have noticed her movements.

"I'm not leaving!"

Admiration was admiration, but Qin Luo Sheng was not lustful. He did not think that it was a good thing to be taken away, nor did he think that he would be able to subdue her after having intimate contact with her.

This woman, Sanguine Primrose, not only was she as cunning as a fox, she was also extremely ambitious, scheming. Not only that, she was also extremely shrewd and knew how to play the game well. She was definitely not a kind person. If she were to fight with Sanguine Primrose, she would definitely be played to death.

"Nan Nan is gone. I need to wait for her here!"

This was not Qin Sheng's excuse, but truth.

"Right, Nan Nan!"

Speaking of Nan Nan, Qin Sheng suddenly recalled that girl had been missing for a long time.

He had been asleep for almost a day because of the incident at Furious Bears Ridge, and a long time had already passed. Now, he was enjoying himself with women, but he was not conscious. However, he must have slept for more than ten hours, because it was already dark outside.

"Call the police, yes, call the police!"

In his panic, Qin Sheng, like everyone else, immediately thought of the adorable policemen!

"What are you doing? Acting?"

Qin Luo Sheng's panic, in the eyes of the ice beauty Du Qiangwei, was so nauseating. "That's right, you're very good at acting. First, you lied to me that you weren't a Weeping Soul Beast and said that you were an ordinary person. Then, you admitted your identity and became like a devil, making me…"

At this point,

It was unknown if Du Qiangwei was originally like that or if she was tortured for so long because of her first encounter with a man and woman. As a result, her weak and slightly pale face suddenly turned red.

"Now that you're awake, you're denying it again. What a joke!"

Du Qiangwei continued, "The most shameful thing is that you actually fabricated a non-existent person just to disguise yourself. Do you think you can deceive me?"

"A non-existent person?"

Qin Luo Sheng was a little stunned. He narrowed his eyes at Du Qiangwei and asked, "Do you know what you're talking about? Since you've investigated me so thoroughly, yet you're still so sure that I'm a Weeping Soul Beast, and even said that I admitted my identity earlier and even went berserk and raped you."

He fucked you?

Even Du Qiangwei, who had a calm personality and was good at dancing, couldn't help but feel agitated when she heard Qin Sheng's vulgar words and when the protagonist was her, she glared at him angrily.

"But let me tell you, I don't have that memory in my mind. If that's the case, there are only two possibilities. Firstly, you were the one behind it. You used some method to make me lose consciousness, then you didn't know what happened just now and set me up!"

Design?

Framed?

Screw you?

Du Qiangwei was instantly unable to endure it any longer. I’ve clearly been forced by a villain like you, and I’ve suffered torture and destruction. I’ve lost the most precious thing a woman possesses, yet you actually dare to suspect that I’m playing tricks on you?

Damn it!

"Secondly, something affected me and made me lose my mind!

Seeing that Du Qiangwei looked like she was going to swallow him alive, Qin Sheng quickly voiced out the second possibility.

At the same time.

This was what he suspected the most.

He knew very well what state he was in before. Before he lost consciousness, he was frantically suppressing his violent aura and at the same time, suppressing the Demon Wheel of Terror that had not awakened for a long time.

Now.

With the violent aura gone, the Demon Wheel of Fear seemed to have stopped acting.

This didn’t make sense at all.

Unless.

He had already vented his frustrations, and the Dreadfiend Wheel continued to sleep in satisfaction.

Plus.

Although he was unconscious when he was doing things, the residual feelings on his body could not be faked.

Besides.

He recognized the marks on the woman's body. The red marks and bruises that were extremely conspicuous under her white jade-like skin were definitely his work.

This time.

It was confirmed.

It was really his own fault!

"Tell me everything you found out about me."

Qin Luo Sheng's expression suddenly turned solemn. He looked at Du Qiangwei seriously and said, "From start to finish, don't miss anything."

"Qin Sheng was born…"

Du Qiangwei listened attentively.

“Wait a minute. You said my hometown doesn’t have any neighbors?”

Qin Luo Sheng interrupted Du Qiangwei's words in shock. He looked at her in disbelief and asked, "I don't have a brother named Lin Li who's 15 years older than me? He doesn't have a daughter named Nan Nan? Didn't he and his wife get into a car accident two months ago when they were working in Shanghai? They only had one daughter left and I adopted her?"

Qin Luo asked maniacally.

"No!"

He wanted to get an affirmative answer from Du Qiangwei, but he was disappointed. The cold woman only spat out two words that made him feel like he had fallen into an abyss.

"Are you crazy?"

Du Qiangwei looked at Qin Sheng, who had lost his soul. She recalled the baffling words he had just said and then thought of his demonic figure just now. Her heart trembled and her voice changed slightly. "Is it a split personality?"

"No, no, this isn't my imagination…"

Ignoring Du Qiangwei and Qin Sheng, who seemed to have thought of something, he got out of bed naked without even putting on his clothes. Under Du Qiangwei's shying eyes, he opened the door and ran out.

"That's right, Nan Nan did exist. She was really there…"

Nan Nan’s room was as familiar as ever. Qin Luo had called that girl out of bed countless times to check it out. There was no mistake about it. In fact, in order to prove that he was not suffering from schizophrenia, he had arranged it himself. Like a pervert, he threw himself onto the bed and sniffed hard at the smell under the covers. Nan Nan’s unique fragrance really entered his nostrils.

The evidence was irrefutable!

Then…

Qin Luo then ran to the bathroom.

Toothbrush, cup, towel, toiletries…

They were all there.

It was the same.

These.

It was all evidence of Nannan’s existence, evidence of her real existence.

But.

Why did Du Qiangwei lie? Why did she tell such a simple lie?

It didn't make sense at all!

Besides.

Even though this woman was good at acting and was extremely shrewd, it was impossible for her to not expose any flaws and deceive him completely.

‘ Of course.’

The biggest doubt was that there was no need for her to lie.

Hiding Nan Nan’s existence was of no benefit to her.

On the contrary.

If Du Qiangwei had Nannan in her hands, it would be more advantageous for her to threaten him.

"What exactly happened?"

Qin Luo Sheng had a splitting headache.

"Although I don't know what's going on, I don't need to lie to you about this. If you don't believe me, I have detailed information. You can take a look."

Du Qiangwei, who had put on her clothes, staggered as she endured the pain. She frowned slightly and limped out. When she saw Qin Luo, who was naked, had eight packs and perfect merman lines, and had a voluptuous figure, especially that 18CM huge thing that was shaking with his head, her face instantly flushed red.

"…Alright!"