Chapter 693: Nan Nan'S Disappearance And The Woman Who Came Looking For Her

"He's gone!"

"He's gone!"

"Where is he?"

"Phone switched off!"

"He didn't leave any message either!"

"Where did he go?"

Qin Sheng, who had just woken up, immediately fell into an irritable state even though his fatigue had been completely eliminated.

Because.

Nan Nan was gone.

As usual, Ben ordered takeout and went to wake her up for dinner. To his surprise, she was gone when he opened the door.

This had never happened before.

Most of the time, Nan Nan would sleep in her own room. She had never used her mobile phone even after the gaming capsule was installed.

As long as he was not around, even if she was hungry, she would at most eat the prepared snacks. That was all.

Not to mention going out to eat, he wouldn't even order takeout!

Would a sleeping god and lazy god take the initiative to go out?

Impossible!

“What happened while I was gone?”

Qin Luo Sheng's eyes were bloodshot and he was like an angry bull. He was already filled with rage due to the encirclement at the Soaring Bear Mountain. He had nowhere to vent his anger and could only wait for the battle at the Terrifying Dragon Platform to erupt in one go.

Now, Nan Nan had disappeared.

The violence that he had been suppressing exploded outwards.

Knock, knock…

Just as Qin Luo was about to call the police, someone knocked on the door.

"You're back?"

Qin Luo Sheng was delighted and hurriedly ran over to open the door. "Girl, can you be a little more reliable when you leave? It's fine if you don't take your phone, but at least leave a note. You don't know how worried I am…"

Qin Luo Sheng, who was chattering non-stop, pushed open the door completely. However, what greeted his eyes was not the Nannan he had imagined, but a woman, an incomparably exquisite and beautiful woman who was truly like a fairy!

"Who are you?"

The astonishment and infatuation in his eyes were gone in a flash. Qin Sheng suppressed the restlessness in his heart with his supreme perseverance. He looked at this woman who did not seem like she could appear in the mortal world at all and seemed somewhat familiar. He frowned slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"

"Qin Luo!"

The lady's expression was as cold as ice. She had an extremely good figure and was an ice beauty that belonged to an older sister. She was the kind that could easily arouse a man's desire to conquer and possess her. Her red lips parted slightly and the first sentence she said made all the hairs on Qin Sheng's body stand up. "Or perhaps I'm calling you 'Weeping Soul'!"

‘ What?’

Who was she?

Why do you know my identity?

Impossible!

Impossible!

I have never exposed any information!

Unless it's the mainframe, no one should know that I'm Weeping Soul Beast!

This woman.

What was his background?

Now that she was here, did she have something to do with Nan Nan’s disappearance?

"Weeping Soul? Beauty, you've got the wrong person, haven't you?" Qin Sheng pretended to be calm and smiled. "Although I'm also a loyal player of Fate Dimension, and the famous Weeping Soul Beast is well-known, I'm not him. How can such a character be a loser like me?"

"Is that so?" The icy beauty's lips twitched slightly, revealing a smile that could mesmerize all living things. "You don't have to hide it. Since I've come to find you, I must be confident."

"I don't care who you are or what your motives are. I'm just an ordinary loser. There's nothing I can lie to you about. You've got the wrong person!" Qin Sheng frowned. "I have urgent matters to attend to and don't have time to waste on you. Please leave!"

"Miss!"

As if he had heard Qin Sheng's voice, Qin Sheng's voice was rather disrespectful and irritable. A woman who was standing at the corner and enjoying the breeze had a face of at least 90 points. A capable woman in a lady's casual suit looked over. Her body moved slightly, giving off the feeling of a cheetah. As long as there was an order, she would explode in the next moment.

"I'm fine!"

The ice beauty waved her hand, causing the bodyguard to quiet down. She looked at Qin Sheng calmly. In her beautiful eyes, there seemed to be a light that could see through the hearts of people.

"What a strong aura!"

The sudden stare made Qin Luo subconsciously avoid his eyes.

In the virtual world, he could "call the wind and summon the rain" and "command the wind and summon the clouds". However, in reality, his knowledge was extremely limited. Moreover, he had not experienced any great storms in his two lifetimes. Even though his personality was constantly changing, he was still not the opponent of an elite from an ordinary family.

"Do you remember the Moon Temple?"

The icy beauty's cold words entered Qin Sheng's ears once again. "At that time, when we first interacted, you only had ten hours of gaming time a day. Later on, you had twelve hours of gaming time, and two more hours were definitely brought by the gaming capsule. After that, I investigated all transactions within seven days of the gaming capsules in China. After a huge amount of calculations, I finally locked onto you. This is the first evidence!"

Qin Sheng:…

Even though his expression didn’t change, his heart still began to beat intensely.

F*ck!

No wonder he felt that this lady in front of him looked so familiar. It turned out that she was the same as Sanguine Primrose in terms of appearance and intelligence!

There were many precautions.

In the end, she managed to find a loophole and found him.

"The Moon Temple mission is so difficult, not to mention that in the situation outside at that level, the clearance rate was 0%! If we did not have your help, we would have failed 100%. Therefore, even if we have twelve hours of game time every day, we have to change it to ten hours like you."

Seeing that Qin Luo did not reply, Du Qiangwei did not take it to heart and continued, "However, you were too greedy. After logging off, not only did you secretly go online behind our backs, you even openly returned to the main city. Even if you changed your appearance and no one could recognize you, you revealed a flaw!—Lin Yatu!"

Boom…

Qin Luo Sheng's heart was like a thunderclap from a clear sky. He felt dizzy and almost revealed a flaw.

‘ I see.’

He finally knew how he had been exposed!

Lin Yatu was actually him!

Maybe.

He did not know the problem, but he was deceived by this cunning woman.

Back then.

In a moment of carelessness, he borrowed the extra two hours to return to the main city to check on the Hidden Dragon Pavilion's situation. However, he was too careless to turn off the communicator or change the status of the communicator to 'not online'!

Hence.

Yatu came to buy potions.

At that time.

In order to fulfill his dream of being the number one villa in the nine main cities, coupled with the fact that he did not have much savings, and that the Hidden Dragon Pavilion had just been established… It was naturally better to sell potions without any capital. He did not even consider it and directly agreed.

Unexpectedly.

However, it became solid evidence of his identity.