Chapter 700: Settling Karma, Eliminating Obsession (2)

"You have to think carefully about whether what you're doing is worth it or not!"

In the living room.

Qin Sheng, who was sitting opposite of Du Qiangwei, looked at this woman who had just taken a shower and was exuding a lazy aura. That unique charm was simply like a poison that could steal one's soul.

Still.

Qin Luo Sheng did not have any romantic thoughts in his heart. All he could think about was revenge. All he could think about was the memory fragments left behind by his previous self. A terrifying obsession and hatred had yet to dissipate even after he had died for so long and had occupied his body for so long.

"My mind is very clear!"

Taking a deep breath, Qin Sheng looked at Du Qiangwei seriously and said, "I know what I'm doing now!"

"Unbelievable!"

Du Qiangwei frowned and looked at Qin Sheng expressionlessly. "What's the point of doing this? If you want to vent your anger, I can satisfy you and bring him to you. As long as you don't want a life, you can do whatever you want with him. I can also arrange for your family members who were frightened and injured, and guarantee that they won't be harmed again. As for you, the oath on the Furious Bears Ridge previously has already spread like wildfire. In three days, you slept for a day. Today is the second day, and it's also a day when you go back to deal with things. There's no time to prepare at all, so why bother?"

"You don't understand!"

Qin Luo Sheng shook his head and said no more.

‘ Yes.’

Du Qiangwei did not understand at all.

From the moment she said this, Qin Sheng knew that even though this woman had an extraordinary background and lived a luxurious life since she was young, she was also born into a wealthy and powerful family.

The concept of kinship was thin.

Or it could be said that they paid more attention to other aspects, reflecting the rules, thus missing the natural disposition and casualness of ordinary families.

His family had been bullied, his body and heart had been injured by someone else, and he was currently enduring the pain. His heart was filled with unease. His first reaction wasn’t anger to the point of wanting to kill, but instead of rushing back to comfort and protect, he was weighing the pros and cons, analyzing the gains and losses. What was this?

Du Qiangwei did so.

But Qin Luo could never do it.

This might be due to the influence of many factors such as education and environment of growth. Outsiders had no right to comment on what others were like.

Same reason.

No one could care less what Qin Sheng wanted.

Even though he was a transmigrator and his family members of "Qin Sheng" came from his former self's memories and were influenced by the bloodline in this body, this did not stop him from being angry.

He was Qin Sheng.

It was Qin Luo from Earth, and also Qin Luo from Blue Star.

The moment his memories merged, the moment his soul fused with Qin Luo's body on the blue star, they were inseparable.

The obsession left behind by his previous self was the hatred of his life being destroyed and dying miserably, as well as the loss of money to his family.

Since he had already occupied someone else's body, taken in their memories, and become Qin Luo on the blue planet, he naturally had to do things.

Until now.

With Qin Luo's current capabilities, it was really easy for him to seek revenge.

Even without any external help, just based on Qin Sheng's current strength, the appearance of the Dreadfiend Wheel was enough to kill all of his enemies without anyone knowing and use the cruelest method to make them regret coming to this world.

But that was too cheap.

Death.

It had never been the most intolerable or terrifying thing.

A life worse than death.

This was the ultimate essence of revenge.

"I agreed to the cooperation you mentioned!" Qin Sheng took a deep breath and said seriously, "You should know what I can bring you. Now, please tell me your value and what you can bring me!"

If it was possible, Qin Sheng still hoped to be like before, fighting alone and smiling proudly in the martial world.

But.

After the incident at Furious Bears Ridge, he understood that a person's ability was limited.

Even though he was confident that he could maintain his advantage and not close the gap between them as the players grew, the gap would only grow bigger.

But.

Players could suppress it, but what about NPCs and BOSSes?

The dragon race's ambush this time was a living example.

Dealing with such a huge force like the Dragon Race was related to the officials, so the problem was not big and could be resolved.

In this aspect, he had already made some achievements.

Firstly, because he had completed many missions, especially the mining incident that buried the imperial army, and the danger of the burial ground, he had gained some attention from the emperor and the military big shots. He had obtained quite a lot of military achievements.

Later on, at the mass grave, the Luo Family Village dealt with Luo Li and increased her affinity with Luo Li to more than 90 points. Because of that, Luo Li’s father, Luo Lin, became fond of Luo Li.

This time.

The Emperor had sent an imperial edict to suppress this matter, and Luo Li had even brought her Rose Knights to travel far away.

It was the aftermath of the two missions.

It was also a reward for Qin Sheng establishing a friendly relationship with the NPC!

The game officials had temporarily resolved this issue. They only needed to follow up on it in the future and continue to stabilize it. They would continue to enter it and strive to deepen the bond, maintain their relationship, and advance further.

So.

What about the players?

The power of one person would eventually come to an end.

A mere Thunder Union was enough to crush him.

Even if the main culprit was the dragon race, the greatest limitation was those damn array formations.

But there was no denying it.

The Thunder Guild’s suicide attempt was indeed very fierce.

All of them were unafraid of death. Even if Qin Luo's skills were intact and not sealed, how many could he kill?

100,000?

200,000?

Soldiers against soldiers, generals against generals.

Even a group of underlings had to make him personally take action. It was truly degrading.

Yet.

Establishing a faction was too difficult.

Especially with the current strength of the top ten guilds in China, which one of them didn't have the strong support of many sugar daddies behind the scenes? Their powers were intertwined and their interests were deeply entangled.

‘ Of course.’

With his reputation as a Weeping Soul Beast, as long as he raised his arm, he would definitely be able to summon hundreds of people. In an extremely short period of time, he would be able to establish a power that was not inferior to the ten guilds.

Except.

Since ancient times, it was easy to conquer mountains and rivers, but difficult to defend the world.

What about after it was established?

How to manage it?

This was especially so for Qin Sheng, who did not know anything at all. It was especially vexing.

Forget it, I won't!

Whatever, what was the point of building it?

Invite professionals. When the time comes, will this power belong to you or someone else?

Trouble.

Too much trouble.

So.

It was better to seek partners!

The best choice was actually Lin Yatu.

Still.

There was one in front of him now, and it was the only candidate.

This was not a special reason. For example, Du Qiangwei knew about his identity and held onto his lifeline. The forces under her could threaten her family anytime.

"Have you finally decided?"

Upon hearing Qin Luo's words, Du Qiangwei could not help but reveal a smile. It was a smile that could cause the downfall of countries and cities, bright and dazzling. "Then let's have a detailed discussion…"

——————

< EMPTY >